our puppy loves it ! they are bigger snacks but we break up one treat into 6 smaller ones makes the bag last a lot longer .
the cats like the mouse itself but it wont run at all . i have tried everything to charge it and it will not run
there are no instructions and i couldn't figure out how to get it to light up . disappointing . wouldn't get again .
this smells really nice , but didn't really help my boston terrier . he seems to actually get more dandruff after using this then before .
my 6 cats love this product they seem healthier and my 2 sensitive cat don't throw up hardly ever . great buy
my poodle of 8.6 lbs . is quite comfortable in the backpack . she can't wait to get in it when i start out the door to go cycling !
and so do i . great workout for the dogs especially when i don't have time to walk them . durable too ! !
this i purchased for my pigs and they love it , sleep in it , try to hide in it , it was a great find
i've bought this toy for my 3 month old yorkie and she loves it so much , size was junior , exactly for her : )
i order this on subscribe and save for my mom's kitty . it is delivered to her door for a great price and saves her time and effort .
roxanne loves them . she has played with and lost 2 so i have to go underneath furniture looking for them .
perfect match to add to full change as my puppy continues to grow , and outgrew the original hs training collar .
nice because you can play toss , or your teething puppy can chew on the strings .
my little doggie loved these ; they're tiny . please don't over feed , which can be done via instructions . helped him too . thank you .
i give one pump at dinner and am about half through the bottle . so far , i am disappointed and can't tell a difference in his scratching .
i like the product but they are hard to break in half and end up being to big for training treats !
my dogs like these treats and the cost on amazon is good . i prefer zuke's mini naturals for treats , but these are good too .
cat enjoys it - we dip the cat toys in it - it helps keep her busy when we are out
tiny size for small pets . so easy . dogs love them , of course they eat anything . what more can i say .
had to return this jacket . it was smaller than advertised and didn't look well . replaced it with an rc pet coat which is so much nicer .
the bag of food lasted the month . my cats liked it . it came to my house in a timely manner
sticks on easy enough . temperature is hard to read and not accurate vs digital or analog thermometers . does the job of getting a basic reading .
they don't fit the larger friskies can . not the single serving one but the one that looks more like dog food sized . waste of money :(
this is my one cat's favorite toy . he loves to play fetch with it . i will throw it and he will bring it back to me .
my kitty loves this . it's already low on batteries , but i plan on replacing those and enjoying much more play time !
it works to stop the dog from barking , but it has to be refilled quite often . it works just have to keep it filled .
these nets are very soft . they have little clips attached so you can hang them on your aquarium very handy !
what to say other than its a good filter for pioneer water dish . i have 3 cats so filter needs replacing often . god job
my dogs love these . they don't smell bad and they don't cause any problems for the dogs digestion . will purchase again without hesitation
great fit . better then any harness or collar . our miniature chihuahua loves it . he wouldn't wear anything else although we tried many
great training treats . small and my dog loves them . a little smelly , but they are dog treats so i expect that .
my dog liked this but the crinkle stuff inside did not last long . once it's deformed , it stays that way .
this has fixed my dogs liver enzymes issue we will always use this when a vet says all is normal that is the best news you can ever here
my 2 doxies love these ... and they are the brand my vet carries ... so they recommend for tartar and general dental health .
our maltipoo loves this toy , and throws it all over the house . it holds up very well to lots of abuse . highly recommended !
yes when it arrives it looks really small but theirs alot in it and my chinchillas loved it more that blue cloud dust .
and so do the four legged . in fact just picking it up and the rattle of the key chain they have learned it's play time .
this product was recommended by my vet for my cat who had serious liver problems . it did a great job and my cat is well again .
i purchase many flavored cat treats by friskies , this one by far , is their favorite . fortunately friskies makes many different flavors for variety .
this rating is based on her reactions and she really loved it . her eyes were dialated and she murmerrrrred with pleasure .
because i adore my purr-baby , i want her safe . these are super reflective and good guality , with the very important break-away feature .
these clippers worked just fine . i have always had the oster , but andis is just fine . the blades are the same .
puppy loved to make the sound while biting and running around.strongly recommended for fun play fetch.superb product loved !
my rottweiler has joint issues and i can throw this ball and it doesn't go far and he can exercise without hurting those joints .
works well to remove harmful chemicals in tap water to safeguard your fishes well being . good size bottle lasts awhile .
these filters are great for a great filter system . i love my pioneer big max filter and so does my dog .
wow , wasn't expecting these to be so tiny , they are very very thin and about the length of a pen ...
this collar is great . i bought it for my chihuahua . holds up well and is good for the money ! i'd buy it again .
i bought two of these and neither worked . one had the bubbles coming out of the black rim and the other had a single stream of bubbles .
my dog is only 4 pounds , but this would not hold the shape and squished him . i would not recommend this .
these do not seem to be as sturdy as they once were . i don't use them as often since i have the perma-lid bag-it combo
it's his favorite treat outside of a real steak bone . neither one is probably very good for him but life should have treats in it .
my dogs love this food type where there are small crunchy bites and larger softer bites . even my picky eaters eat it .
these are great biscuits for your large pet . my dogs love them . i did switch to the low cal ones now .
i'm unaware if this actually calmed my dog . i think a bit f jazz or npr would have worked just as fine .
i bought this bed as a gift for a cat sanctuary . cats reported it back as a five star . soft and warm .
good solid food ... even our older picky eater liked this dog food , this was a good smaller bag size to try out ,
for my needs this filtration system is the best one available , filters are easy and totally effective . will purchase as needed in the future .
works really well with the box to make cleaning up after my cat much easier ! would buy again . ( filler word )
nylabone products are good but not great.my dogs love these but they dont last very long as plastic starts breaking away
... but i can't blame the toy . i just wish they came out with a dog toy with squeakers that my dog couldn't destroy .
cat love the treats . they are more expensive than on sale locally . cat come running at the sound of the bag .
this is the second one i've bought and they are awesome . don't have to go to the trash can daily anymore and there is absolutely no odor .
product works great and it does as it is advertised , i use this product to keep my dog's ears cleaned as part of the grooming process .
you will like this clicker . the click and treat training our puppy went thru has really molded him into a fine young dog
what can i say , it gives water readings and i'm satisfied with it .
the perfect halter for the little black chuweeny . it is very strong and durable . i recommend it highly for all smooth coated dogs .
this is a great little key holder ( that i still have to put up ) for the dog lover to hold their keys .
my cats love this so i bought it for a friend who has two cats . she says that her cats stay on it all day .
this is a great price . my local store sells one package for the price i got three . this helps my kitty when it thunders !
my dog is a very picky eater and he just really enjoys grammys pot pie . also all natural , no bi products
this tool works great in removing the mats in the undercoat.now if they could just come up with something to make them standstill while you're doing it . :)
good smell , gentle , our french bulldog puppy , rooney had no problems with it when we gave him his first bath !
but can be used inside toys with catnip pouches to refresh them , giving these toys similar appeal that they had when fist received .
great brush ! it works great on our cats . removes lots of unwanted hair . it works very good on our cat with thick hair .
well worth the few bucks that it cost ... very helpful in training and small and durable simple design ... thanks a lot for this tool i like it
i got these for my niece's teacup poodle and he will actually leave them on ! the are warm , comfortable , fit well and absolutely adorable !
dog loves them and can pull apart into smaller pieces if i am training him to do a trick . good price for the product .
unlike other toys , this catnip filled toy gets sucked and chewed on until its soggy . it's like having a dog all over again .
nothing fancy , but if you want a powerful , fine mist , this is your stone . i would definitely recommend this to others .
like the product for cats , the dog version works wonders for our pets . our dogs seem to be more relaxed and comfortable .
i love these small toys . my babies just think they are wonderful . i buy them new ones for their birthdays and christmas every year .
steps work fine with my dachshunds but they seem to be cheaply made . the fabric / carpeting is loose on the steps .
cat peed into heating / ac vent . this was the only thing that got rid of the smell . it is a good product .
i have used these for several years , i really like them and will continue to use them . perfect for puppies and adult dogs . thankyou
i use this for my old dog with skin problems and it is great ! stops her from breaking out . i recommend it .
i tried fon and didn't see that it made any difference . therefore , i wouldn't recommend it . i used it according to the directions .
west paw is awesome for the durability of their toys ... made in the usa in bozeman , montana ! our aussie loves her granny smith tizzi
our french bulldog , dweezil , is very tough on chew toys but this one has held up and is still in very good condition !
keeps my 55gal at 80 but the glass on the outer tube is turning white and im not sure why all in al good heater
i wanted black airline since my aquarium background is black . this works great and blends in very nicely . i would buy again .
this one is rated for my dog size but seems too big to me ... you can use many different treats with this toy .
can use these crumbled over his regular food to encourage him to eat , or as a treat . my schnauzer loves them
bought it as a christmas gift for my mom and boyfriends ' mom's dog and they both love it ! they want to order more !
breeze products are the best in cat litter systems i have ever used . i would recommend this brand from this buyer any day .
my granddog really enjoys it . i feel that he is much safer in riding .
this is a good quality heavy duty chain . good for a dog that likes to chew . i use it with my 60lb english bulldog and works great .
my boxer has had this toy for months and just figured out to bite off one leg , but it is still in great condition ! ! !
not extremely pleased with the shampoo and conditioner . love the furminator itself but i don't feel the shampoo and conditioner is worth the month .
the boys love these and they're so good for training them ! ! also , purchasing this on amazon is so much cheaper than going to petco or petsmart .
our puppy loves this kong and it is so durable ! we stuff little bones in it and he loves to try to get them out .
i regularly buy these because i volunteer at a local shelter . even the fat cats that rarely move around will jump and run after it !
wow , great bird feeder . very easy to set up . finched are all over this feeder . very happy with this purchase . great shipping from amazon
i have two jack russell terriers who absolutely love these rawhides . they scratch at the cabinet for them every day !
so cute ! my 8lb dog fit the small perfectly . he wore for halloween and people kept showering him with compliments .
my new cat goes nuts over this toy . even my fat 11 - year old ( cat ) is amused by it .
my weimaraner loves to chew on things and this is a great way for her to accomplish that and not get in trouble .
just got a bottle of this and it is a very good product and like half the price or better of any other water conditioner out there .
biggest and best tug - hard to find tugs this size - am ordering additional tugs - great buy ! ! recommend
marinated morsels is the only canned cat food my cats will eat . i'm so glad i can get this from amazon .
probably due to packng however no nozzle was sent with item , shampoo is great though and if had the nozzle would have rated a 5
and we even received the color i wanted ! whoo-hoo ! it keeps my crazy kitten busy when nothing else will distract him . a great buy .
i was skeptical but was pleasantly surprised by how effective this little trap is . it works terrific , and i couldn't be happier .
did not work as well as i thought it would . maybe i just need some practice .
this food has worked well for our two labradors . they readily eat it ; they maintain a healthy weight and have great coats .
great price , great buy . good quality chinchilla bath dust , will most absolutely order this product again ! love it so much .
my aggressive chewer rapidly turns nylabone rings into sharp-edges problems . these duraknot chews last significantly longer and are much-loved by my two golden retrievers .
very nice and sturdy crate , wonderful for my toy poodle , can't keep him out of it lol . wonderfully made and i definitely recommend .
my puppy loves the green one and the glow in the dark ball . it's his chew toy and fetch toy .
i like the shape , grip etc . but the blades are dull and break my dogs nail rather than cut cleanly .
my golden has a lot of fun with this toy . he has not mastered it yet . he is try his darnedest .
this thing is garbage . so cheaply made the gear stripped out of it after only a week or two of intermitently using it on the slow speed
nice bowl and has held up to hand washing and dish washer washing ... oh and also a dachshund pup carrying it around when she's hungry .
great product for cats . they really like it and have been snacking on it for a number years . they just don't get tired of it .
very quiet , easy to clean and maintain . my cats love having fresh filtered running water to drink !
very sharp , makes trimming the cat's claws fairly easy . it's stayed sharp after many uses , and is comfortable to use .
my fat cat learned right away that he has to bat the ball to get his food . he's on his way to losing weight !
what a great purchase and worth it , it is everything they said it was and i am a happy customer .
very accurate i use this along with another thermometer in my leopard gecko tank . i always double check my reads with a mercury thermometer .
this is a great product . my dogs did not hesitate to eat these strips . my dogs prefer the chicken flavor .
i have been giving these cranberry tables to my dogs to help cut down on urinary track issues and they work .
good snack for the kong , or when they do outside like they should , or for bed time treats its good !
it is adorable , but unfortunately it's to small for our little shih tzu . we can't get her legs into it .
clumps well and has a refreshing smell . it is a bit powdery and causes a lot of dust while scooping . clumps very well .
works perfectly . i prefer these thermometers because they are very low profile and , believe it or not , are very accurate . i recommend .
and they're made in the usa and they have flax seed oil ! win * win * win * the only problem i've had is finding them in stock :o(
i didn't see much of a difference and it seemed like the purigen had worn out pretty quickly . i stopped using it .
my corgi loves this chew toy , but it lasts 2 days at most . i can't keep buying them at this price .
my dog loves primal dog treat products . the packaging it comes in is reliable and it preserves the " freshness " of the food .
i bought this tiny green frog as a gift for my moms new dog . she loves it and its squeaker .
this is a great bite size treat for training purposes & my german shepherd dog loves them . i would recommend this product .
i love the cage but the locks don't work that great my dog was still able to open the door so i had to buy a lock .
my cat loves her drinkwell fountain ! i found these filters on amazon and they are a great price ! cheaper than most stores !
buddy biscuit soft chew biscuits are grain free , come in various flavors , make a great training aid and are absolutely delicious ! !
i love this flexi thing it works great ! i like the fact that it is pretty colored and easy to use
works somewhat for one cat but no impact for the other cat . feliway collar works better .. might order the collar again .
what puppy doesn't love a good kong . our puppies are no different . the kong filled with stuffing seemed to be their favorite toy in the world .
does what it was made to do , looks ok and is easy to put on if you need a muzzle this is not a bad one .
it is just like every other toy i buy ... my ladies start to play with it and before i can retrieve the ball its in pieces
just as advertised . these little bags are useful and plastic dispensers seem to hold up well . bags on board is def . the best brand .
i have a small pom and these are the right size for her tiny mouth . she seems to like them . arrived in gdreat time
while my old english loved this while it lasted ( about a day ) , it was extremely loud . i don't think i'd purchase this one again .
this was a good purchase it's lasted my dog for a while and keeps him busy . i would probably buy it again .
works perfectly . a little small and harder for my older eyes to read but the price was well worth it .
i bought this for my dogs kennel and it is very soft and cozy . i wish it came in more color options but no complaints .
new kitten arrives next week so can't rate her acceptance of this product but hopefully she will continue to grow and maintain her health .
i'm not sure how this has so many good reviews . it was a complete waste of money . i returned it along with the shampoo .
perfect for 30 pound bags and the scooper is perfect for measurements of how much food to give to your pet .
this is only thing my puppy can not tear apart and keeps her busy trying to get all the goodies out .
vet recommended dogs love this kind better than the other ones but note my sensitive tummy dog can only have half one or one every couple days without getting puky
my two dogs and cat love to play with this , especially in the basement in the winter ... exercise for all !
our dogs loved this toy . lots of fun squeaking . i only gave it 4 stars because one of the toys broke too soon ... squeaker came lose .
my dogs love getting groomed with this - they come running when i pick it up . i have also used it on them when giving them a bath .
bought my first pair and love them . just got into this hobby and found these to be so much more helpful
my cat runs to this scratcher toy at least twice a day . he enjoys playing with the hanging toy too .
i didn't see any difference in the nitrate reduction which is why i purchased . i will not purchase again . since that is why i bought it for .
my dog loves it , a great snuggle fleece hoodie , size medium fit perfect from neck to tail , ( 16 inch ) . schnoodle .
these wipes are good for small areas like face folds . they are very thin so be sure to separate carefully .
these greenies are very good for dogs , and this is an exceptionally good deal when buying in bulk like this .
what can i say ? filter replacements work well . 6 - pack seems to be the most economical way to purchase.fountain continuing to work well after 2 years .
i am a firm believer that the oe manufacturer makes the best replacement products for his or her product and marineland makes in my opinion a good product .
this stuff will take the tarter off of your dogs teeth and save him from having to have his teeth cleaned at the dentist !
don't use too much pressure going thru the kitty litter ; the scooper will crack . i've already thrown mine out . otherwise , the size is good .
should only rate it 4 stars , as i haven't a clue as to whether they will help her bad hips or not . i have hope
my baby's favorite toy , tough and durable . he loves his squirrel tree so bought these as extras for him to hide and seek around the house .
one cat will play with it to get ball out , the other 5 won't touch it .
we have a pack of dogs and all but one of them loved this food . the pieces are small and the dogs seemed to enjoy it .
works as it should and as it's meant to . very easy clipping our rabbit , " patches " nails . very pleased !
this is a very nice pet bed . i bought it for my 10lb chihuahua and she just loves it . she loves playing in it .
we give one to the doggie around lunch to supplement his snacks . mini-dachshund just loves the greenies and these are a good value on amazon .
my boston has bad knees . glyco-flex makes her feel good and be active . and she loves them ! she thinks they are a treat !
dogs seem to really like this treat . . . i buy using the subscription rate to lower the cost of the item .
the price for the bull sticks matched the weight and density of the product . i was satisfied with the quality and the price .
still looks great after almost one month.squeaker is quiet and both dogs loves runningwith it and chomping on it .
our bassett hound wears this to go out when it's raining . it's ell made , fits well and really keeps his body dry .
these last a long time for my four month old 15 pound dog . she loves them and they keep her happy .
are to use this bottle on any cage , and it fills from the top which i love . i have more than one and different sizes
exactly what i was looking for . midwest has changed their quality over the years but overall a good product and a reasonable price .
can't imagine any dog not inhaling this food , great to supplement or to feed daily . even smells like good food !
having used these in the past i was happy to see the quality and price of this product stayed exactly the same !
cat took to it right away , works great with the merry pet cat washroom / night stand . no complaints from me or the cat !
i love this product so much . it makes it sooo much simpler to take out the tangles . thank you so much
this ear cleaner is very safe and effective in maintaining dogs ' ears in excellent shape . my vet dermatologist prescribed it for my dogs .
keeps dogs entertained and not chewing on the car during transport . you can get them considerably cheaper at sam's club , but they are sometimes out of stock .
haven't needed to use these yet , but the opne in the fountain keeps the water crisp and sparking and these were a great deal .
i noticed a huge difference in the look and feel of my chinchilla when switching over to this dust !
all i have to do it touch the bag and the birds are hanging off their cage straining to get to the treats . :) major hit ! :)
my dog loves these stix , she takes it and then runs as fast as she can back to her bed to enjoy at her leisure
wonderful product ! as are all the kong products for dogs ! bottom line--love it and so does my dog ! both of them !
this is a popular ball with my westie and with other bigger dogs at the dog park . it's nice and squeaky .
my pup loves this nylabone . she's a chewer and needs something that will keep her busy . this certainly does the trick .
this was recomended by our vet . our pet really enjoys it and looks forward to it . we were told that one per day is more than sufficient
pros : cheapbigmy dog likes it.cons : the fleece keeps coming out.difficult to clean.wish came in different colors .
our puppy is absolutely crazy about her new " baby " and even takes her to bed at night . we are really pleased she likes it so much .
not sure how much they help , but two of three cats will eat them . good price here and not found in local stores .
it's the perfect size for a big bag of dog food . it actually looks nice and it keeps their food nice and fresh . seals tight .
this product did not work for my cat , she continued peeing , even peed on the diffuser , she continued with their territorial behavior
a treat that's natural and my dog can have and actually likes ! the order was received promptly and i will buy again from this vendor .
only used on cat a few times . was worried about licking and not getting from vet . used all natural spray instead to be safe .
my doodle's favorite in a fun design ! we received the orange tiger . love the wubbas ! they hold up to rough play with two dogs .
he can't get enough and camps out by his snack area when he thinks he hears the bag crinkle or even when you go near where they're kept .
to quote the late , great ace ventura - this product works ... " like a glove " it worked great for me . try for yourself !
when the old filters come out they are pretty disgusting . and the water is so clear and clean in this system .
my old dogs with hip problems like this bed . i have two . they seem to do better after they lay on this bed .
my yorkie is flea and tick free with hartz ultraguard . the product is very easy to use . i love the three pack package .
not sure if this product works or not . cause the wife didn't use it like it said to . so sorry ..
i wanted to give this item a try after reading the other reviews . works so so but i'll " stick " with the 3m roller .
this works , but i purchased costco baby wipes and they do the same thing for a fraction of the price .
nice leash . a bit heavier than i would have thought , but really sturdy . i feel safe when my girls are attached to this thing .
this keeper is really good quality . it is great for keeping feeder insects . i don't think it's good for larger things though .
my dog loves his treats , and i prefer giving him healthy dog treats . good price for a good product . , i recommend .
though it only lasted for two months ; it was up against two tug-a-war obsessed pugs . i will be ordering another because it was one of their favorites .
great product , nice price and good quality :-) it'll certainly work , all in due time . perfect height for training any puppy , any age :-)
this smells like baby powder and makes my dog's coat very shiny and soft . i noticed that it moisturizes his skin too . will buy again .
it does clear off some , but not enough to truly make a difference in my fish tank . like i said it is ok .
product is smaller than depicted in photo . also these cut with a jagged edge .
product was as described , but did not seem to remove the stains from my dogs eyes . he is a cream color .
this is a great product , helped to shave down my dog's nails very quickly . unfortunately the battery doesn't last long .
we always bought these for our chinchillas and they love them . they are easy for them to hold since the sticks are small and thin .
i love it and it does what its supposed to do . ! thanks wish it was a little cheaper but other then that great great great ! ! !
good quality nylon collar . print is stylish , and color is good . my only problem is the clasp is very difficult to work .
my dogs first toy it squeaks and she takes it around everywhere with her . cut toy for puppy or full size dog .
my 22 lb frenchie got through this within a hour or two . i wouldn't purchase it again , though he loved it while it lasted .
it's a high quality shirt but it runs small so it didn't fit my puppy . make sure to measure your dog and get a size up .
the soft claws were easy to apply and stayed on well . they were priced well below the average price.they arrived quickly and were packaged in a safe way .
my dogs love these and they are natural ( as far as i can tell ) and made in the us , but they don't last long .
my boxer tolerates this pretty well , no irritation , glad i trusted all the positive reviews , will order again when needed
convenient to get so many at once and they work well with the metal drinkwell fountain . simple to exchange when cleaning the fountain ... will get again
i am pleased with my purchase they seem well made and durable . great color choices . they seem very well made .
very easy to use and the dogs took to it right away . they even seemed to want to keep it for themselves versus sharing with each other .
these are suppose to help with bad breath ( dogs ) and gives them a nice strip to chew on and help keep their teeth clean .
the cats were too lazy to play with this . bought as a gift and they just sit and stare at it .
this was ordered for my mother to use because we have two great danes . it does the job and will be ordered again when it is needed .
this did not work at all for our chihuahua terrier mix . did not get any hair collected . i would not recommend .
good treat for dog while away from the home and they seem to like chewing them . i like the smaller pieces .
my lil pet loves chewing on this . its endless nibbling for him . perfect for his lil baby tooth . hope it lasts
great product . heavy enough so it doesnt get tipped over . extremely durable . very happy with this purchase and would certainly recommend it to anyone .
my 3 dogs love these treats . they stand in line waiting for them . i buy 3 of these per month .
my pit mix chewed this up in a week . what a waste of money ! would not recommend this item at all ! !
replaced an andis ceramic blade . the oster does a good job but it heats up in a hurry . this is disappointing .
i bought this to clean my aquarium glass and it works great ! it scrubs the algae right off the glass .
my puppy loves this i clip her in and she snuggles into the sheepskin and snoozes happily for the drive . very very pleased
this works well for my terrier puppy . the older dog likes it too !
took a while to get here .. reads ok , not sure how accurate it is .. seems to read cooler than the water really is ..
seems like a sturdy toy and my dogs love it . only bad thing is the squeaker inside broke easily and that is a disappointment to my daschund .
bachi loves these mice . will toss in air . pick upplan to buy more . christmas time . good deal for the money
people literally stop me to find out where i purchased this cover ! we have leather seats and none have a scratch thanks to this cover ! fabulous .
i purchased this for my baby quail who thrived on it . if i ever have quail again i will order again .
becoming an indoor apt . dweller.however , the feathers begin to fall off very soon after its usage . could be a a lot sturdier .
this is a great dog shampoo . it smells wonderful and works well . my dogs have no qualms about it , so i'm happy with my purchase .
this was purchased because of the low phosphorus . the dog likes it with not intestinal issues . we will buy it again .
this is great for cat fun . making them work a bit for their treats is ok however i would not use this to feed them their whole meal .
this thing is pretty cool , especially for the price , its worth it to be able to tell what temp my reptiles are at .
my cats did not like this flavor . i gave it to my friend and her cats loved it . you just have to try it .
these smell nasty , but my pugs love them . they help get necessary pills down so much easier . i don't miss the fights !
my cat likes this flavor . of the other fish flavors , this one seems to be her favorite . panther says " me-yum " .
the steps are amazing . foam steps with a removable washable cover . the value is excellent , also these steps are not hard on my little dogs .
great light weight carrier . we use as a doggie bed so our dog's bed goes everywhere with her . good value .
for a dog who likes to collect things , you can't go wrong with these kong cozies . they are cheap and durable . we've purchased several already .
no problem taking pills ... my babies love the taste and they are very simple to use just wrap a pill in it and down the throat it goes
these dog leashes work great for my two large dogs . they are strong and dry quickly . i have one in blue and one in black .
this is good stuff for the dog and it's much cheaper here than in pet stores . buy it on amazon and not the stores .
i have a 2 year old weimaraner and he destroyed this toy in about 5 minutes . definitely not as tough as i expect from kong toys .
i use the ice pups either in frozen cubes or make it in liquid form an use a tablespoon or two in my yorkies food . he loves it .
my dog loves this stuff . it's like a crumbly salami that smells like smoked beef . i shave it over his dry food and he devours it .
finicky persian , does like these treats - no hairballs to date , but were not a problem before using these ... preventive measure !
my rottweilers love this toy , and the toy lasts and lasts , even with six of them chewing and tugging on it .
these collars are great size accurate easy on and off awesome quality.safety to protect dog at night .. recommend highly to anyone .
haven't tried them yet . the order was for insurance . i hope that i never need any more . will update if i ever use them .
finally something that my dogs don't tear apart in 30 seconds . they love it , tug of war all the time ! would recommend and buy again .
a huge supply , decent quality , not as hard to open as some . some versions are sturdier , but these do get the job done .
this took the infection and smell right out of his ear . i use a little after he swims and he is good to go
love this collar as i do all lupine products ! the collars are brights and it really stands out in all the fur on my elkhound !
used to use frontline on our 2 doggies , but switched to advantix ii on our vet's advice . seems to do the trick well .
nice size for small dogs but squeaker lasts for about five minutes . you have to keep replacing them . wouldn't buy again
bought this to eye flush my dogs . i have one with seasonal allergies . works well and a good price . better than buying from a dvm
this always feels cool to the touch ! it really is effective cooling.it slides around on my laminate floor without needing anything under it .
my cats refused to use this . they bit it twice and then walked away . so much for help in combing them .
when my corgi chews on these , it's like he's in a trance . i order these a lot . though i have heard not all dogs like it .
10 lb . cat fits nicely in it , but doesn't use it much . stacked layers is a nice resource-friendly design feature .
i recommend other nylabone bones , my dog has no idea what to do with this because the surface is too smooth .
simple solution is the best ! ! i have 2 cats and a dog that sometime have accidents and this stuff removes all odors !
my dog and puppy love it . a small amount goes a long way . ( follow directions will keep it under control )
love the design but have been having problems keeping the pump unplugged . the filters gets clogged about every other day . but the cats love it !
these natural treats are the trick for finicky cats ! the auto ship is the way to go .. prices much cheaper buying this in bulk
i have two dogs that they have never refused any foods and treats . this is the only treat they wouldn't eat it
it is as good as any i have used . i have three indoor cats , they are pkease with it , so i am happy with it .
my dog loves this . you might have to be careful with a really destructive dog tearing it up , but mine has played with it well .
my cats love these , but i have so many cats ( 12 ) they wear them out in a very short time .
i tried it on my older dog and she couldnt even walk properly in it , it was a waste of my money .
this is an excellent powerhead / fan combo unit which provides a huge amount of water flow for a reasonable amount of money .
again maybe it is just my cats but they will only play with these for a very short time and then they just lose interest in them .
i have a corgi puppy that is teething . he likes to chew on this . because he actually uses it , i consider it a good choice .
i have used this ever since they were kittens and have never had a flea problem . i keep track on the calendar and apply every 30 days
my dog hates a e-collar but doesn't mind this ! it is quiet also around his neck the old fashion plastic kind is so loud !
my little chihuahua has arthritus in his knee and these really help him walk around . he doesn't limp like he did .
i got this for my fluval u2 underwater filter , it works great . will get again , overall happy with the item .
great size chips . comfortably encases the smallest sprigs and keeps them from floating . surprised to see it came packed in water .
my 3 month old boxer caught on quick and is not alerting us when it's time to potty . took her a week to get the hang of it .
works great ! pretty much just what i was expecting . there is even a guard on them so you don't cut too much of the nail .
well made , easy to install , and perfect for my little chihuahua . a great buy .
since i've only been buying natural balance food and treats my dogs are no longer gassy and their fur looks amazing .
gave as a gift for mom's teacup poodle and it is perfect for him keeps attention and constantly plays hide and seek with it
i love that lupine replaces it if damaged . my crazy hound has chewed through his leash several times and lupine will replace it no problem .
this is a very soft and luxurious feeling set . my papillon loves her bed . it is easy to put in the cage and it also washes nicely .
no odor , no green simple kind of order - which gags me . it's just clean product and does it's job .
i purchased a petco water fountain and these fit exactly the same as the filters that came with the original .
our dog takes daily medication . pill pockets make giving medication easy and free of drama . it is worth every penny !
i use this in busy buddy toys . my dog love them , and they have healthy ingredients and keep her busy when i leave .
i have a husky siberian , and bought a size 5 , it fits super large.the material seems good . also the adjustable clip in the back
this pen is perfect for my bunny to have extra room to play in . i put some toys in it and he is a happy boy .
and they keep their breath nice and clean . great for the teeth , too . have purchased twice and will definitely buy again !
my vet recommended these to control symptoms of feline herpes . my cats love the taste ... come running when i shake the bag !
this lead is a must have . you can lengthen it to your training pleasure . a must have for those walks .
we have a cat and dog , i have place 3 waterers throughout the house and both my girls like them and they last so i'm not refilling everyday !
i wouldn't call my cats fussy , but they really like this food . 4 stars because it leaves little messy bits behind .
i like that the bowls are removable , yet held in place so my cat doesn't knock them over or push them around . it's perfect for our kitten .
it agrees with my dogs ; they love eating it . the food is not a paste but rather chunks , slices.the price is affordable .
i got three flavors an mixed them together and my puppy thinks he is in heaven and i know he is healthy .
the box says it clumps cat litter . it doesn't . it's like telling me we're playing chess and all a sudden we're playing checkers .
my yorkie has this sweater on all the time . it is very cold right now and my yorkie is nice and warm with this .
my two rabbits tore into these things like there was no tomorrow . i will buy these again for them for sure .
we use these for our cats and they use them like they know what they're for . would recommend to anyone
i was skeptic with this product , however , first try i was surprised she stopped barking . after a few shocks she knew .
great for a dog lover . i dont care what my spouse thinks i think its adorable . hold alot of toys and now i have room for more !
my pet chinchillas love to sleep under these logs , what makes them happy makes me happy . i have to buy more .
my cats don't like this item they prefer halo chicken dried treats . guess my cats have expensive / exceptional taste . this was an experiment .
this is a great toy for all dogs , that are busy getting into things.good for brain stimulation ! !
the martingale feature just doesn't work as well as a chain martingale collar . it look goods but just isn't as functional as i thought of it .
ordered these as the replacements for the ones that came with my quiet flow 55found out yesterday that the local pet store wants $ 26 for the 6 pack.enough said
prime helps fish-in cycling and maintaining a healthy tank . i highly recommend this for coditioning aquarium water . it is worth the price !
all my cats seem to like the food and seems to stop urinary tract infections with that being said it seems like a great cat food
these are soooooo festive ! they are pretty durable . they are the perfect length and i love that they match the collars !
my ferret claw and bite at this thing and it really holds up to there playfullness . picture needs to be updated though because packaging is different
this helps a great deal to keep my dogs from jumping into the front seat and interfering with my driving .
great light . this is my 3rd , also have 2x 36-42 on my 40 gallon breeder . love the customization .
this lasted longer than most toys i get my parrot ( conure ) , he really enjoyed playing with it . it even looks cool in his cage .
i have tried many brands - this is the only one that prevents leakage when she goes right near the edge ! ! ! dry floors ! ! !
have gsd puppy who was growing very quickly . there has been no noticeable change noted but it was vet recommended .
these are at a good price but don't seam to hold there charge very long i have used other batterys that work better
my 6 month lab destroyed this toy within less than 2 hours , i will continue to stick to kong products ...
this is a very sturdy collar . please , collar makers ... make two metal loops so we can put the id on one and leash on the other !
we recently had snow and the dog loved chasing this in the outdoors . it is a durable product that will provide many years of enjoyment for my pet .
i have a multiple pet household and they need the large reservoir to keep the water supply consistent . the design minimizes spills and waste .
my cockatiel did not like it at all . it scared the heck out of him , and even outside the cage , he does not go near it .
too flimsy as dog can destroy it . was fun for a time or two ! also , hard to take apart and clean .
ordered and received this product within five days ! was really surprised and very happy !
i use with purigen and phosguard media super fine so you wont loose media in your tank . 100 % reusable great product
their extreamly healthy and my service dog has lost a lot of weight on them . best of all she eats them and she keeps eating them
ideal for training any dog , works great . even gave second device to neighbor for use when he needs assistance since he's unable to blow a whistle .
have used these in my fluval 406 for everything from peat moss to ammonia remover . work great for everything , way better than using an old nylon .
theis is the second of these pens i have purchased from midwest . it works really well . folds up simply and compactly . perfect for our little chihuahuas !
this must feel good in the mouth ... my pooch carries it around and finds the squeek interesting . so far , it has held u to his chewing .
great puppy treat . our puppy loves chewing on these . they are good for her teeth too , which is a plus
very nice crate . easy to assemble tray washes nicely . the feature of several doors is very nice , fits my 7 mo old shorthair well
our amstaffie loves her veggiedents ! they're a great alternative to rawhide products ( and bully sticks ) , and less expensive than greenies .
now own four of these little beauties . best heater out there as far as i'm concerned.never have to worry about the temp fluctuating.built strong !
i use the power head to move water from my " aging " tank to my discus aquariums . it does a great job !
this is made well , a little hard to keep on the pen but there isn't much to it to analyze .
this mat is two sided . one side is like a denim material and the other side is fake wool . my dogs like it well enough .
good size pig ears , not the largest i have seen , but above average.much much cheaper than buying at petsmart / petco , for the same brand .
a truly great harness . so glad i bought it . it fit my 9 week old puppy and continues to serve .
loved the leashes , didn't care for the around the waist belt . see my complete review under the buddy system hands free leash system
this is the best storage container i have used for storing my dogs food . it keeps the kibble very fresh .
i never tried this . if i did i dont remember ... i am 87 years old anf my memeory is gone ...
works great not as concentrated as some others i have purchased before you actually have to measure it out . i would buy this again
i have a 135 gal tank stocked very well , with corals etc .. they seem to like this salt alot .. i willl buy it again ..
repeated use helped my dog completely stop itching from his allergies . his hair grew back and his fur was so soft .
i put these down in the new dog crates i purchased . they seem to be working very well and the dogs stay very calm .
we bought 2 and really like how they're heavy enough so when our dog's eating or drinking out of them they don't slide all over the hardwood floors .
this food is the best i have ound for digesting and no throw ups . i don't think you will find a better product .
smells good and lasts for a few days at a time . the whole family is happy this purchase , wish it was a breath freshner too !
it's easy enough to use . i'm able to help my dog and scrub for a bit so it does the job .
i tried to get my dog to like this product , however he seemed to not like it because it was so hard on his teeth
i have a 20 - pound shiba inu . it took her 28 minutes to tear through this while we were playing . not recommended .
they did not last , went through both of them in less then a month . they did not hold their charge
these are the greatest bones for my dog . they help to clean her teeth and not having rawhide in them is a plus .
great colors to choose from and a great producti get these collars for my french bulldogs ... i put them on my females ;)
my vet recommended this to me . i used it with the resicort leave-on conditioner and my doggie is no longer itching ... and his fur is sooo soft !
the scoop is really bigger than we thought . it does however save multiple trips to the pantry to get dog food . we like it .
the product is well made but my cats don't seem to care much for catnip and after sniffing it a bit totally ignored it .
squeaker failed after 2nd day of use but the product itself is really tough and perfect for large aggressive chewers .
i purchase these for my rat terrier and brittany spaniel and they love them ... chew them and play tug of war with them !
my two boys almost fight over this stuff . seems to keep their teeth clean.they need to make kids toothpaste this appealing !
this is good for pets ecspeacially if your gone for long periods of time so you don't have to worry as much about them running out of water .
i have a 8 month old lab pup who chewed this into pieces in a few days . thought it would be more durable made by kong
i have hardwood floors , and it seems to do fine . 3 star rating is given because i have not noticed anything different than other brands .
this is my second time buying this my dog love the taste i do not have a hard time giving him his vitamins and he gain a little weight
greenies dental chews for dogs , petite pack , 45 chewsbailey gets his treats when i have to leave him alone
worked well however the dog chewed through the strap in about 2 months . would buy again once my puppy has stopped chewing .
this is a very heavy duty leash . i absolutely love it . i have 6 month boxer pup just perfect for him .
love using these to keep our golden doodle looking neat and clean . i can cut hair around her face , pads and in her ears without hurting her .
grain free . healthy sounding . i supplement his meals also with sweet potato , vegetables and another protein . woof . happy boy this one .
very very well constructed . fun to watch the cats play in it and poke their heads out of the holes .
sounds too good to be true . this product is made in thailand ! i wish i had known , will only buy made in the usa .
i like this scoop . it has easy to read ( sort of ) measuring lines and it is sturdy and easy to use .
this will keep the fleas off but not sure it lasted for a whole month . sometimes i need to use it every 3 weeks . easy to apply .
popped it into a tank and it does what it's suppose to do . though very small and hard to read
for the money i am very satisfied w / the petmate litter pan ... 1st time purchasing a petmate product . looking forward to buying more when needed .
great idea for the good bacteria to grow and destroy the harmful stuff the fish put out into the water .
nice solid leash . i like the color and so far , it seems perfectly fine . no complaints yet , we'll see how it holds up ...
we bought this for a cavalier king charles spaniel puppy and he wasn't interested in it - he does not like any of these nylabone products .
our dog loves this . we shove any medium sized treat of any brand in there and he works on it for hours .
this is a nice product . i bought from them the first time , but recently switched to doggie lawn because the shipping was faster and the size larger .
bought 3 of these total , different colors , love them ! will be buying more of these for sure for my foster dogs ! fits great ! ! !
my dog likes the flavor . the product seems to eliminate most of her arthritic symptoms most of the time , which is the point of the medication .
this appears to work well . i give this once a month along with the daily flea away and we do not have a flea problem .
i bought to use in my 40 gallon marine tank more for water movement than filtering . but it seems to help with keeping water clear
great product for outside dog ! we have a guard dog who is always outside and this mat sure has her stay dry !
my dog always gets lots of attention wearing these ! fun and fabulous ! they stay on fairly well , as well . i recommend .
my two young cats love these . we've had them for months and they still play with them . squeak is still going strong !
great size and soft for a puppy to learn on . he can drag it around , chew on it and it still keeps it's shape
the parakeets have not used it yet but i am sure when the discover the tub they will love it
a great buy and affordable.it ' s good for stressed out fish and fish with skin issues . helps them heal . 1gallon will last a while
the dogs love it , but it doesn't squeek as easily as i expected it to .
our cat loves these . in fact , this is a replacement . she pulled out the feathers of the other one . really gets her going .
our dogs are large and share the retrieving of these discs . they hold up well and west paw has a great warrenty and are american made !
it's nice but it came without a corner clip . i would like them to send me the clip that is missing .
my british black lab loves these treats ! they are a bit crumbly when trying to break them in half . they are about 2 inches in length .
they are thrown very far because of their weight and bouncing . excellent for fast runner dogs as a complement for a good ball launcher .
i give her one each morning to keep her breath fresh and dental care . she looks forward to her daily greenie !
thought this wouldn't fly well but it does ! really don't like the black color because it gets hot and is hard to find .
but it's not totally inspiring for her . that being said , she's a dog and eats it . we don't service the animals like we service our kids .
my dog has been wearing this collar since we got her about 7 months ago . it's still going strong . it also makes her look cute .
did not stay together well and was advertised that it folds and did not fold , sent back
my dogs aren't overly fond of the kong dental dog toy . my dogs prefer the black sized kongs that hold treats . they ignore this one .
what can i say the dog goes nuts with the squicking its as if it were teasing the poor dog love it takes it out in the snow .
this harness fits my pomeranian both shaved down at 4 pounds and fully coated at 5 pounds . he doesn't mind wearing it with either coat :-)
i tried the sticky tape but my cat chewed it & sat on it but this works ! scares my cats off the counters every time !
can't hold enough water to last my little snake more than a week . i bought a much larger one and it works better than this one .
purchased because our one dog could go through anything , this ball on the other hand presented a challenge & he loved it . have recommended it to friends .
my dogs love this toy when i am away from home - they always play with it to get the cookies out it keeps them busy
this is an excellent product when you open the can it smells good enough to eat . my dogs love it and the new 10 oz can is wonderful
our vet recommended lysine , and my two cats love these soft treats . serving is just two , so they are economical .
my cats love it . it's easy to use . it's easy to clean . what more do you want ? a terrific buy .
again my cat wouldn ' t eat this product ; no i will not consider buying this product again ; no more , sorry
my dogs enjoy this , but they are dachshunds . they actually tore to top layer off in a couple of days . :-/
my dog tommy loves his bed . he raises heck at night if his bed it not in it's designated spot for him to sleep in .
my dogs love this bone ... it's like smoking a cigar for them ! lol really relaxes them .
my dog likes it enough . she likes fetching so , that's for what we use it . resistant and easy to wash.squeaker is not loud enough though .
she eventually chewed it apart . i need a tougher frisbee to throw around the house . my dog is about a medium chewer .
my cats love this food . i always use this brand and decided to order from amazon so i don't have to keep going to the store . no issues
this is very good priced , very simple , and does the job . if that is what you are looking for , then this is it .
this is a difficult puzzle for my dogs and because it's wood easily chewed up . would not buy wooden again only plastic but otherwise good for my dog
easy to assemble and easy to break down . it is the perfect size for my dog . my dog is very comfortable in here .
my dog gives this 5 stars ! we put the biscuits inside the ball so she has to work to get them out.she loves her biscuit ball .
i use these with the catit design senses play circuit , original . both my cats like lazers and lights so they enjoy these a great deal .
buy only kong toys if your dog destructs all others . i have two large dogs and they love this toy .
this is great , helps my dog a lot , prevents cracking . it is a simple product , smells good , works well , and does not stain .
tried these with my maltese . she's not extremely finicky but wouldn't even taste it . doesn't work very well if your dog won't chew it .
this rope has survived much longer than any other i've gotten for my rope loving dog . i'll definitely buy more in the future .
it ' is a sturdy little scoop with good measurement lines showing the amount in the bottom and well made . not flimsy .
our medium-size dogs love to nap in these collapsible crates . easy to set up and collapse . great for travel .
my cat loves this toy . i have had it for months and he has continued to play with is since day one .
tilly loves how this product keeps her less stressed , and her mom ( me ) loves that it's cheaper here than at the vet !
nice having a solution to keep the dog from falling off the rear seat . wonderful having clean seats , even after a romp in the mud .
my two brats are always looking for something to chew on and this one keeps them entertained and busy for quite some time .
i would rather not give my 10 1/2 year old lab anything , but after a meal , these aspirins just do the trick for her .
i bought three . they are super durable for my big dogs ( pit , lab , and boxer ) . plus , they smell nice too !
product works as described.can also be used in a garden as a plant holder . we've used it for the dogs to climb and in the garden .
cats love it . been ordering it for years . great flavor and texture .
have been using this product along with others to help with our poms teeth . i feel it definitely helps and worth the money compared to the vet .
great product . dogs love it ! fast service and bunny quick arrival . will definitely be a regular customer in the future . price cannot be beat .
this is my second litter maid of this style and the otherone is ok , we just added another cat.this ones tray is deeper and holds more litter .
my dogs loved the taste , but two out of four dogs got diarrhea the next day . i don't know why , but i couldn't give it again .
i like the way the sides hold biscuits or other treats to make play time that much more fun for my dog
joint treats ( 60 soft chews ) this is our second order . our mini goldendoodle brooke love these . great way to keep her joints healthy .
forget every other product that claims to clean up stains and odors . when used correctly , this product " eats away " the urine !
my rcs and amano shrimp to include my catfish loved this stuff . would most certainly recomend and would buy again .
my cats played with it 1 day and broke a tab off the cover . so they continually lose the ball .
this is a cheap product and very poorly made . i have a pom and she would not fit in it . i sent it back .
i bought these as a liner for our hedgehog cage , to reduce smell and frequency of cage cleanings . it does the job !
good tool to help my dogs to quit barking . i own a kennal and this helps control the barking alot .
per my bunny : he loves these . i would say he rates these hay baked apple treats a big 5 . :)
excellent product . helps a lot with chronic uri . i'll be purchasing this for as long as i need to . good job petalive .
i am very happy with this tetra whisper ten gallon air pump . it works well and is nice and quiet .
a fun toy for my pet ... great price ... fast delivery . very satisfied with my purchasea fun toy for me and my pup
i would have been better off filling one of her old bones with peanut butter from my cabinet at home .
this is the second purchase of this product . very happy with performance . easily changeable and hold up nicely to daily use .
makes a convenient way to keep reptisafe .. we just fill the smaller containers for daily use.also a less expensive option .
works well for cleaning dogs ' ears , i've donated these to the local humane society . satisfied so far , might order more if that satisfaction lasts .
the treats just fall out ! my dog barely has to touch it to get a giant pile of treats to fall out .
my dog is super chewer , but this he can't manage to shred . it's not hard enough to harm his teeth and he loves all his west paw toys
it is a good quality of carbon . if you know you need this then fluval has good products . this would be a good choice .
my fluffy cat loves to be combed with the furminator and gladly stretches out on my desk to be groomed .
wish it was a bit smaller in size but it works ! if it was a bit smaller it would be better my dog is 10lb
this is a very good product to have , it's easy to use and my pet dose not fight as much during his grooming .
it is very effective and highly recommended to all pet lovers , it works well on both of my dogs and cats
easy to set up , clean and maintain ! my cats love having fresh , clean , running water to drink . it's very quiet as well .
does what its meant to do and achieve when administered correctly . use only when necessary . great to have in emergencies .
my cats are not at all interested in this thing , no matter how much i try ! i wish i had not bought it .
zomg air tubing ! this is a nice quality great little lot of air tubing , it will get the job done and is a nice quality product .
fits every can of food that we have and keeps the dog food fresh . pretty much does exactly what it is suppose do and is dishwasher safe .
perfect comb for dogs especially after bath effortlessly to detangle as well . my breed is a poodle mix . highly reccomend
i bought this for a small puppy . its a nice way to keep the food and water contained in one area . i like the bowls as well .
our dog is a major chewer and it takes her several weeks to get through a tufty toy . get darker colors because light colors get so dirty looking
my toy poodle loves the greenies . i give him one every day . along with brushing i feel the greenies are helping to keep his teeth clean .
i keep some ofthese in diffusers around the house because they do seem to promote harmony between my two kitties .
this product works good it does what its says it does ... i will continue to use in my tank as it does seem to help keep it clearer
my two cats are a bit picky with catnip , but they loved this stuff . it makes toys irresistible to them . will buy again !
actually smells like lavender . also , the bags are not incredibly thin that i could easily puncture with my nails . no flying poopy leaks !
well made , fits her 56 lb . very well and she never objected to wearing it . recommended . will probably buy more .
great quality . wash and wear . not our first order . puppy grew and ordered next size up . will order more if needed .
the bully sticks are very thick and the dogs loved the bigger size . a great value for the money . thanks
this is the second one of these bowls i purchased . they are extremely durable . they wash well and completely clean .
i bought this toy after the tin of stinkies . my 4 cats love the toy and play with it often even though they have many other toys .
our 11 lb yorkie chewed the tail and a leg off this item withing the first five minutes . spend your money on a better product .
prime is the diamond of all the other water conditioners , it's all i use n will continue to use
i would not reccommend these no bark collars to any one because none of them worked . have tried 4 of them and waste of money.ssorry
easy to change every month or so and keeps the drink water filtered . the 12 pack is nice so i don't have to order very often .
nothing my dogs like better than old mother hubbard products . the price was excellent at the time i bought it so everyone was happy .
better than sand for the lizard.definately helps keeping the tank humid.good value - and it's kinda fun to watch it grow after adding water .
i purchased this item and i received it very quickly . it was nicely packaged and even included the instructions . i found that to be quite helpful .
really nice box . like the higher sides to keep in litter without completely blocking in animal like a cage . the little scooper is a nice perk .
this came as a real surprise - - it is big ! use only for very large dogs . don't get the pink one ; it looks almost obscene .
it has lasted well and is non-toxic even thru the tug-of war between the dogs . china toys were making my dog sick .
my cat loves the small catnip papers , so i thought she would have fun with these . she was not interested at all .
she loves getting her teeth brushed with this toothpaste ! she'll come sit right in front of me and start licking her lips .
well used bird toy . my parrot chews on it daily . i have no complaints and neither does my bird . will buy this toy again
i switched my dog to this several months ago and what a difference . his coat within three weeks was shinier & he likes it !
my cat's love this and there were so many i could give some to my friend . i would buy these again .
this product did absolutely nothing to stop my seven month old dog from jumping and biting . maybe it works for more minor problems .
this is excellent cat litter with very little dust . i like that it really clumps and doesn't track around as much as other litters .
nice sturdy comb for the price . it does not scratch my dogs skin as the heads are rounded . good for long furred dogs .
my dog sure likes them & they're small enough that i don't worry if i give him a few . beats breaking up bigger treats !
for the price you cant complain not even a little bit , before using make sure you fill the tube this will make the process much easier
this is great to stick some treats in and let my shiba have a go at it . she can't chew thru it which is fantastic !
can't wait to start use of the clicker , it isn't as loud as i was afraid from other reviews . hope we have success in training with it .
it seems like a well-made toy , but not one of my four cats will play with it . they play well with smaller toys .
my dogs loved this toy , but it lost an ear and then ripped at the seam . we threw it away . needs to be sewn better .
another easy one for my dog to solve . he gets very excited and enjoys it but it doesn't take very long for him to complete it .
my dogs love these treats , and they are so well priced ! will buy these again , in a heart beat ! :)
this is a great toy in theory , but it is a very very heavy rubber that my dogs aren't fond of .
my cat doesn't really play with it but my ferret is enjoying it for him :)
didn't fit , too large for my dog's tag so was a waste of money . not happy with the quality of material either .
just the right size for 20 pound and under dog that doesn't have a really long coat . love the self cleaning feature .
this combination seems to have hit the hunger bell with my tudor . by changing up several times a week he seems to enjoy it more .
weather proof ... saves me from having a sandbox in the house . raccoons don't fit .
this does help keep the blades clean and be able to used them for a long time on my big dogs thank you
my two schnauzers seem to enjoy the taste of this toothpaste . it is easy to clean out of the brushes .
i am so glad i purchased this . it works well and saves so many headaches . i'll be buying more ! a + + +
you have to work the pump a little to finally get it to spray but that's not too big of a deal . good smell , covers up odors .
deshedder worked better than advertised , i am glad i chose this product , excellant sellers.would buy from again , my dog loves this product and so do i
this was recommended to us by cornell , but our dog really isn't very interested in it . he just looks at it , and moves on .
my cats love these cardboard scratcher's . and once 1 side gets used up you can usually turn it over and use the other side .
does the job quickly ! ! ! large , durable , easy to handle . a little pricey but i will never need to buy again !
this is okay but my cat prefers the one with several that are stacked on each other and i like the orange color better .
this is a very engaging , well designed and sturdy toy . it's especially good if your dog is a big time chewer .
sheldon loves the puzzle piece treats ! he has put them into his little house so when he wakes up a little bit he has a midnight snack . lol
sentry natural defense & sargeant nature's guardian = identical products ; identical websites ; same co . price about the same . works great .
my lab loves these . the price is much , much cheaper at sams club . so i doubt i will be re-ordering these thru amazon again
can covers came with two units of each of three sizes . very handy . wish i had ordered an extra set .
we use it indoors and out . our dogs chew on them all the time and they have held up for almost a year now .
low calorie treats with high incentive value perfect for training . fits in the small hole on the end of kong chew toys
natural balance was recommended to me , and fit with the better quality cat food i was looking for . my cat seems to really like it too !
haven't had to use the refill yet . but i'm sure it will work just fine . bought for a refill for my dogs .
it has been made very well , but my rabbit wants nothing to do with it , she won't even chew on it
three dog bakery seems to make great products . my dog seemed to like the treats , they are just a little small for my newfoundland .
the 7f is great for a close cut without shaving the dog to their skin . the resaults are a smooth grooming and short coat .
this is a great product for cleaning pet ears . we have a cat who needs his ears cleaned periodically or he gets infections . it works .
the pups love to play with this toy , chasing it and chewing it . sometimes we have a hard time keeping track of where it is .
the fish love it . i put in the fish ring and they go nuts and eat all this food up .
this is a product we purchased for our dog when we travel . it helps to protect his paws while he is on questionable ground ...
four thumbs up from every corgi in the house . makes the coats shiny and turds tiny . what more could you ask for ?
the best catnip toys on the market ! expensive but really worth it . the only catnip toys my 6 cats would play with .
i do find that these collars take the edge off during thunderstorms or when visiting new surroundings for nervous dogs .
these algae tablets costs more at petsmart and walmart and they even come in smaller containers so hands down this is a good buy .
i am very happy with this litter mat . it is plenty big to cover the litter box and leave some extra room , and it's thick and sturdy .
anyone with a cat needs the litter locker ! it's great to buy the refills in a 6 pack - just wish we could get them with free shipping
i have two cavaliers and one has many allergies . this has been a great grain and gluten free food . there coat and health is noticeably better
my dog destroys toys and this stuffingless toy is perfect , no big mess and easy to repair just a few minutes and you have a brand new toy
but it's not totally inspiring for her . that being said , she's a dog and eats it . we don't service the animals like we service our kids .
my two little dogs love these , so i continue to buy them for them . however , they are too spoiled and beg for one way to often !
they work like they are supposed to , but i still think they are overpriced . i'm currently looking for a cheaper alternative .
my three dogs love the various flavored biscuits and it helps that it comes in such a large sized box .
this is my second littermaid and i was so happy to see the new perma-lid and bag-it combo . this will save money .
my dogs destroy everything , so i knew beforehand that it was only a temporary toy . but multiple squeakers helped delay the inevitable demise .
my puppy loves these , and so does my older puppy . they especially love the chicken part of the bones . good for all dogs .
all my cats seem to love these i bought several i lay them flat or up against some steps you can hang them to great price made well !
and better still ... made in the usa ! so difficult to find a safe treat for your pet . well worth the money .
these are really small . i never let the dog have them unattended for fear he will choke but he loves them .
bouncy , fun , squeaky toys . the dog loves chasing them , and they last better than other squeaky toys . i bought a bunch and hide them .
got rid of the fleas and no more ticks , thats all i got for this product as i am running out of words
just another one that i add to my supply of treats for the cats . i give them a different flavor each day .
a must for any aquarium lover and cheaper than the local pet store . a must have . better than test strips and more acurate .
i have 3 of the bark collars , but these batteries don't fit two of them . i was very disappointed in this product .
like this very much keeps me from getting a puddle on the floor and no mess so im happy.thanyou so much
this is a good product for a great price . i will always use this in my pet's water as it helps their teeth and breath.bb
these are nice thick bags . i bought a different brand before and was afraid the bags would tear they were so thin .
i have several cardboard box scratchers in my home . this is the favorite of both cats . what a great find to save my couch and carpet !
there's a lot of offerings available in the kitty treat market , but mine seem to prefer the temptations brand . this catnip variety is also their favorite flavor .
really liked the travel carrier , it was a lot larger than i expected and better quality , like the openness of front and sides .
easy to read when stuck to the glass . small so it isnt ugly in the tank . no complaints , and a great price .
my dog loves this ball and it keeps in completely occupied . it even makes me laugh and stay in good spirits .
this toy keeps my cat a bit more active and he loves the real sounding mouse noise ! maybe he'll get more exercise !
love this and am sure i will purchase more ... i can use these for turning anything into a scratching surface for kitty - - smart design , great product
the only toy our large dog has trouble destroying ... had one before and was hard to find . found it here and shipped very timely.thanks
this breeder box is perfect for what i need it has worked perfect and its a great item to have
great cologne for dogs make them smell really good keep this in stock for suresmell great i could almost used it for my self thank you
this seems to calm down my cats when they start fighting or running amok . i am pleased with the purchase .
bought it , but we haven't gotten any play from any cat :( wished they would play by themselves , but only like feathers on sticks .
i bought this for my sucker fish and it ended up being a great treat for all my fish in the tank ! ! great buy ! !
the cats we bought this for love to cuddle with this pollock fish toy . great purchase for a great price .
this is a great treat that our babies love . would advise to anyone who offers treats and want a good product to give your pet .
this mat is fantastic for your cat area . it looks nice and does a nice job of keeping the litter from their feet less scattered .
bristles are way too soft to remove loose hair . the ad states " sturdy bristles " - not true ! a waste of money .
my cat loves this toy . the colorful material twirling around quickly attracted my cat's attention and she'll play withit as long as someone is moving it
goes through batteries very quickly.should have a ac adapter ! have not left it out except when the dog is out.not much else to say !
very convenient . i cannot shop and i am always running low on cat food . thank you . merry christmasmeow x
i got this for my 60 gal freshwater tank . i have a filter in it like normal but this bio filter helps too . the shrimp love it .
the dogs absolutely love these . also they are easy to break into smaller segments so that you don't have to gibe them the whole thing at one time .
works great for doggy infectious intestinal issues . after the antibiotics were done it kept the intestinal flora balanced while the dog continued to heal .
i could clamp it in the cage at just the right height for my dog and myself . wish there was another bigger one .
like the hairball formula my cat loves these treats . as an older cat she experiences no health problems and i attribute that to to a healthy diet .
these treats are a little big for my small dogs but they like them , even tho they kind of stink ..
my daughter's cat is over weight and bored , i thought this might help . too soon to tell if it will or not .
best little dog poop bags ever . love how it comes with a dispenser . you get a lot for your $ . i highly reccomend them .
i really like this leash . it has made my life easier . i would reccommend it to everyone that has multiple dogs .
i think the evaporating solution is more of a put off for my puppy than the taste . 5 minutes after application she doesnt mind the taste :(
this is what our groomer uses on our dogs - it keeps them from itching - great product - the shampoo is good also
i did not end up liking this . i donated to a local rescue league . not much else to say about it .
my cats seem to be entertained longer than usual with this toy and it's held up to a good amount of activity .
my cats really like this dry cat food . it makes me feel good to buy newman's products since their profits go to charity .
my chihuahua loves sojos i'm introducing beef now because i started with the turkey . he also enjoys their treats great healthy product .
our 13 year old minature fox terrier loves them and they take a nice amount of time for her to devour .
he's not to crazy about the sticks , but loves the crisps . i wish i could buy a package of just them !
keeps my hyper dog calm when it's time for her to be calm . she easily pulls it through the crate when she's frustrated .
i feed ferals and yes they can be fussy also . this particular food has way too much gravy in it and not enough substance ... won't get this again---sorry
my scottie just loves these treats ... the extra added bonus is that they help keep his teeth clean ! another winner from hartz ! !
fantastic value and my hamster loves it , i got one for my gerbil too and they are easy to attache and clean
i bought this thinking it would benefit my bettas but i think it had very little affect on them . you are better off buying indian almond leaves .
our guinea pigs have enjoyed rolling this around the cage chewing it up as they go . good product for a cage toy .
glad to be able to order all my s \ fish supplies from one place , makes it easier than going out to shop
a decent quality canned food that dogs seemed to enjoy but half the can is gravy and very sloppy . just not very easy to feed .
my dogs love these treats . they hold up pretty well and last a while . much better than some treats that the dogs can quickly consume .
very hand having the wrist band on the clicker . keeps the hands free at other times to hold the leash .
i like the filters and the pet fountain that they fit . really nice quality product that is simple to clean .
puppies will only eat this if mixed with something else such as another brand of dry or wet dog food
takes out mats almost effortlessly on a double coat better than any brush . good for sensitive skin and around body curves . thrilled i stumbled across this product !
these make the filter change a snap . the only problem i have with them is that they aren't recyclable , and you can't reuse them .
my water parameters are all good and the water is sparkling . i've now bought three bags of it so that proves i'm a believer .
too heavy to fly , my dog who loves the light weight ones , only liked this one to chew on . very disappointed . waste of money .
great treats . they smell delicious enough that my own mouth waters when i smell these , and they're supposed to be human grade ? hmm ...
i feed my service dog 3 treats every morning when she takes her morning medicine and these treats are the best for her . she adores these .
these are very small ( about 2 inches ) and my kitty just ignored them . i didn't realize they were so small .
and my cats love eating their food from just off the floor . i think it helps them swallow , plus keeps the floor a bit cleaner .
it worked as it was supposed to , really not sure what else to say . so i guess go and buy one
you might see my review on the duck & pea formula , which smells awful . i'm going back to the peanut butter .
generously sized . looks really cute on my " babies " . i am really pleased . will consider buying from again when the need arises .
i stick kitty treats and kibble in the belly instead of catnip most of the time ... but they will spend all night chewing to get the treats out :)
this food is great , it smells good and has real pieces of meat and vegetables along with a nice broth \ gravy .
a favorite toy of our pom , who pummels it regularly . no rips or tears so far after a year of small dog play .
this is just a standard canine toothbrush , finger brush and doggy toothpaste and it works just fine . i'm happy with it and so is the dog .
excellent transaction.we have cats galore and always looking for toy to entertainthe cats . these were delivered quickly and the cats enjoythem .
this unit works well and actually has 2 separate heads in order to get into the smaller spots . the brush works very well .
my cats have been eating this brand for years . they never tire of it and i like the ease and lack of odor .
this toy goes in the crate , and our puppy loves it . she hasn't destroyed it yet or even ripped it , after a month .
my cat shows no interest in this toy . i even sprayed it with cat nip . he just curls up in the curve and naps .
my very large cat loves this roomy litter box and i love the swing door and enclosure . no more litter on the floor .
cozie calming buddy for my dog.love it and can be washed with in the washing machine or hand wash recommended for prolong usage
my dog cannot get enough of these . she's very picky with treats but these are always a fan favorite here .
my pup initially loved these . now she's used to the smell and is a treat snob ... just like her mom - . - i've raised a monster .
i like fruitables because they are made in the usa . they smell so good i want to try one ! lol
my pups all love these meatballs and will do anything i ask if i have one in my hand . i recommend them
i was skeptical , but this is a great product at a great price , it's almost a no brainier and should come with every dog .
i thought my cat would really enjoy this , but after several weeks , it has just not attracted her attention . it just sits ..
my 2 two boys like these and they are healthy besides . if they help keep their teeth clean it's another plus .
our dog had frequent bouts of diarrhea until we found and used this product . the enzymes have really helped his digestive track process his food .
our 2 dogs love it and they are a good size for training treats , but i still make them a bit smaller . super fast delivery as usual .
my senegal loves it . it keeps him fedand happy . too many sunflower seeds , but it is ok . cost effective bird food .
catches everything and is a great size . easy to clean and looks nice .
this is another product i highly recommend for stressed cats.it calms cats down right away and will not harm them .
fun little mouse for my cat to play with . moves nice . wish it were a little bigger ( the mouse ) then i would love it .
good brand and good filter for freshwater and aquatic turtles . i bought this becaus eit is a great filter and adds aeration as it returns to the tank .
tubing is more vinyl like than i really wanted.thought i was buying silicone type tubing.still works pretty good .
my puppy enjoys it and especially the little.squirrels . i like the fact that it is interactive and seems fun for her .
my cat cooper loves to chase it around . one of the simpler toys out there but it does its job well . a very good buy !
this product is a perfect fit for my petmate deluxe fountain and the price is unbeatable . i will definitely order again .
whatever it is they put in fancy feast that makes it the only food my cat goes bonkers for , they must have forgot to put in this one .
these are very good for me and very expensive in my local store . regular delivery helps make sure i don't run out
we have tried a few of the zuke's treats and so far my dog has liked all of them . will buy again .
keeps water at the right temperature all the time . have not had any problems with it . would highly , highly recommend !
i have 2 dachshunds who love these chews . the small size is perfect for little dogs and they really help to keep their teeth clean .
our cat is okay with this but not much more than okay . and it doesn't seem to do very well combing out extra fur .
it has a great acceptance from my pet , but the bbag its just too small so there are very few treats
these nylabones are tge perfect size for my golden . she loves to chew them and they last a long time even . highly recommend to anyone .
i use this mice with the smartcat 3833 peek-a-prize pet toy box and it works .
these are good clippers and are sharp and very easy to use . now if i could only get my kittens to stay still while i use them ...
lots of bags are a must . these are very good bags that do not break and we reorder these a lot
i use this to clean out excess stuff in my turtles tank . it does what its made for ! and its surprisingly sturdy ! ! !
it does what it's suppose to . nice and warm for my green cheek conure . would definitely buy again . thanks a bunch .
they smell so bad that they take your breath away when you open them . i would still buy them for my yorkies but they make them nauseated .
some fun for my cats to play with . good quality product . can't wait to see them in action on christmas
i wanted a leash that was purple and not nylon . nylon can cut like a knife . i found hemp and love it .
this product works great when my pet is stressed.this calming gel is easy to give to my pet and he likes it .
i use this on my boston who gets dry flaky skin due to allergies , he gets bathed every two weeks and it seems to help .
i have several of these and my animals love them . they wash up well and they keep them just a little warmer than they would be without them
i bought this for my pekingese . it makes a perfect water bowl . it is heavier than i expected . it looks great , too .
thanks much ... received in good time and this just fits the bill ! my dog loves this toy ... kong is great and durable .
my cats love scratching on this and i can't get enough of watching them :) this fit perfectly in the toy they were designed for .
he's not bright but he's used this a long time ago as a puppy . i hope he'll remember he needs to occupy his mind it's a christmas gift .
works perfectly and it's conveniently pre-measured to just the right amount . i don't think i'll ever go back to clumping or clay litter .
i haven't eaten this myself , but my four dogs think grammy's pot pie is pretty awesome . merrick's is a top-rated dog food too !
we kept seeing people on the beach with this - it's such a great solution for long hikes or walks on the beach with the pooch .
not sure if it's that the cats can't stretch to get a goof claw on it - one cat does like to lay on it
glad i found this product for a lot cheaper than what they wanted at the pet store ! product works great at getting loose hairs and dead skin off !
catnip is cat weed , ha ! this is a large container and will last a while . don't know any cat that doesn't love it .
1x1x1 inches ? what is this , a rubber snack ? not going to buy it if i can't tell what i'm purchasing . this needs a better description .
i get a lot of compliments on the travel bowl when i'm out . a great invention and it looks good .
cans are small but totally delicious . i give it to my cats sparingly since this is their favorite to eat .
this fits my 75lb lap with an 18inch neck . it also stores flat and seems strudy , so it should last awhile if it is needed again .
my cat will only eat them if they are crumbled onto his food.he loves soft treats , but these ones are way too big for him .
we buy nylabone for our dogs all the time and they are just fantastic products for power chewers ! our ruby loves her new ham steak chew toy !
tape is thin and perforated so short strips . did not stick well and when you try to put it back it sticks to you .
what more could you ask ? my french mastiff and lab mix love this food , and they have nice , shiny coats .
i have searched the web for my refills and these are the least expensive after my search . i have 11 fish tanks , and need these in quantity .
our lab mix loved this ball ... then chewed chunks out of it in one sitting . both of us were very disappointed !
we've been using this for about 3 summers now . works great ! quick and no side affects great remedy for mild issues
the puppies love the chicken but not sweet potato . i will continue to search the websites for chicken . other than that they are great .
seems very well made , strong and should last a long time ... would recommend it highly , orange color is just what i was looking for
i keep this in the bike basket . it's so handy and easy to use . great for travel and doesn't leak or spill in the car or basket .
this keeps my dog occupied for a decent amount of time . he is an aggressive chewer and has not chewed it apart yet !
i should have paid attention to the reviews . my cat is only 7 lbs and still too small to get in and turn around .
this is a wonderful toy for a little dog . our daughters puppy played for over an hour with it . would buy again
well made and easy to set up.even comes with a carry case , not mentionedeven comes with a carry case , not mentioned
my 8 year old apbt loves this pig , it has so many squeakers i don't think she can decide which one to dig out so she doesn't .
oster cryogen blades are excellent ! sharp and fit my oster turbo a5 perfectly . would highly recommend this clipper and these blades . many sizes to choose from !
amber is crazy about these ! she crunches them down hungrily . highly recommended . i'm sure your dog will really love them .
my puppy likes this food . he does not eat it too fast since the nuggets are a little larger and take him longer to chew .
not a very good harness , my dog didn't like it at all . i put it on him and he refused to walk . back it went .
we buy this and put it on during the winter to help keep the snow ice and salt off their paws , great . a bit greasy but awesome
love these replacement chicks . got them for my maltese for easter . she loves them ! , and they are the perfect size for her .
my dog loves to play with this toy . it is the perfect shape for smaller dogs . good for fetching too .
my dog loves zukes treats , especially the training treats which are just the right size for a 30 pound dog .
i purchased this to put in the sherpa large roll up pet carrier i purchased for our getting too large maine coon . it fits perfectly .
great bags , but did not come with color-coordinated bag dispenser . we will use them , but not order again unless we can get the color-coordinated bag dispenser .
this is one of their favorite toys the last one we had lasted a year and we have pitbulls ! will definitely purchase again
i have had several cats and they all love the kickeroo ! christmas eve was a blast with these and a little nip !
my dog is an avid chewer and loves nylabone products . this was a great addition to her toys . she prefers these over anything else .
holds a 12 lb ragdoll with ease ! feels like it will last for a very long time , which is why i bought it in the first place .
being new using filters and cartridges i have nothing for comparison . they seem to work well , and they don't cause problems that i can see .
my chinchilla's love this hay cubes even better than the bale of hay and it is much neater to use less mess in their cage and spillage on the floor
my cats love love love these ! they play with them all the time and every cat owner should have these .
we have the claw type but it freezes in the winter so we bought this and it has been very awesome !
the chews came just as described and on time :) my dogs love them and its way easier than crushing up tablets . they smell really yummy !
the crickets seem to dig this food , and this container lasts a long time . just make sure it's stored in a cool , dry place ...
this toy has held up very well with my mastiff that loves to chew and has very strong jaw that is destructive .
wellness brand speaks for itself . i buy it along with some other brands , to mix it up for the doggies . they love wellness products .
it is reflective and cool colored plus it is very sturdy and has 2 safety features on it that make it very secure around her neck . love it !
i can't get through the slightest bit of a large dogs nail with these . i've used others , like the real dremmel and thats all that worked .
i love being able to add this to the dogs water dish so easily and they like it and it helps their teeth .
superb ! my toothpaste hating dog loves it . his remaining teeth will be glad .
i'm not sure this could have been made out of a cheaper plastic . also , the clicking noise didn't always work . returned promptly .
my dog's tooth pierced each of these on the first catch . the squeakers soon stopped squeaking as well . wouldn't buy again .
there's not much to say . they're cheap and they work . simple and no moving parts . so i expect them to last forever .
great for use in dog crates . works like a charm and very durable . i would highly recommend . thanks for a great product ! ! !
great cat food without any preservatives or additives which are very bad for pets . my kitty loves this stuff too !
these and the dingo stix are the same thing just about . great product . healthy ingredients , no bad preservatives . a + + +
this is just one of the toys purchases for my cat . he loves cat dancer , he tires me out before he gets tired .
love it but wish they offered a bigger pack . it takes multiple bags to fill my ferret's play pen .
my maltese absolutley loves these small tennis balls . they are the perfect fit . and they squeek ! he chases them all around the house :)
my kitten loves this toy . goes to it every morning when she is full of beans .
needed a low calorie treat for an older dog . she loves these ! and i can give her a couple every day without feeling guilty !
what can i say the dogs love these . when you find thematic a great deal you get a bunch.they are fda approved
these treats are grain-fee , corn-free , and a favorite of my daughter's collie . another huge plus is that they are made in the usa .
this product does what it says it does and my cat likes it daily . at least so far he has been willing to eat it daily .
i use this for her morning breakfast meals and she enjoys it . healthy for her and thats what counts . good price and came fast .
these are awesome . plenty big for beagle poop . i can't believe i'm writing a review about dog poop bags , but i recommend these .
my fish don't like this as much as the food i was feeding them . they will eat it if they are hungry though .
i really like it use it on my leash buddy waistband . makes it easy to carry treats cell phone keys etc .
my cat isn't interested in most toys , but she did play with this a little . it's about the most basic cat toy you can get .
my dog loves cets and they are good for her . product received as promised ... will use vender again ...
perfect for cleaning my new fountain . i got the pioneer big max , so i wanted the brush that is made for it .
the first ball my dogs have not been able to shred ! hopefully they will make a bigger size soon since my dogs are not puppies anymore
i would rather used dexas they are more sturdy - and bamboo cost more.so no i wouldn't recommend it !
my 4 cats love this and have so much fun batting and chasing :) i wish it stayed charged longer .. but it's great and cats love it !
this toy has a lot to keep my macaw tied up for a while no pun intended she loved it .
use your money and buy a comb . it doesn't work any where near as good , and it's very hard to get the hair out of the mitt .
my pup really likes these and they are healthy enough for a treat . i like to give one to him when we eat dinner to keep him occupied .
tried with our cat ... but didn't seem to work as well as it does with dogs ... cool concept though ;-) may try it again later .
it holds a lot of treats . this helped a lot when went through puppy training . i didn't have to worry about needing extra hand .
i've found nowhere else that can beat the price of these rawhide chews . they are favored treats for our dogs .
it you have soil with rocks pins to hold chute will bend , get sandbags if this is the case chute does not detatch from tunnel
excellent quality dog pooper scoop tool . i think this is the best one i have used in over 20 years of big dog scooping .
expensive , but my dogs love them , and it actually takes my chocolate lab more than half a second to finish it .
these were recommended by our vet . i was very skeptical based on the way the samples looked ; but my pup loves these .
it's very entertaining , the cat loves to lay down and swipe at the balls . he keeps himself busy playing it .
dogs love them , though i try to limit them to no more than one or two a day , will buy again .
this is a product that i use on my two dogs and like very much . the price was a great deal .
our older dogs love these treats , as they have them in all they're favorite flavors . they beg for them during everyday work and night before bed
exactly what i was looking for to keep the expensive dog food as fresh as possible . comes with a scoop that i think is about 1 cup
my cat did not like it , but i know others do , gave it away ... i heard if you put catnip on it attracts them more .
we use this brush daily on our shih-tzu puppy and it works wonderfully to keep him from being tangled and virtually eliminates shedding .
cassie is a picky treat eater . she loves these , and i love that they are low in fat and have real chicken in them .
my cats use it all the time . has cut down on other areas they were scratching . tends to splinter the nails though .
my cat loves the catnip that comes with big mama's scratchy box , and the enclosed catnip toy is brought immediately to his " cat cave . "
my 40lb dog loves this toy . she goes through 1-2 a year . she has a basket of toys , but she plays with this one the most .
this is a great price , and my birds love this ! ! i would recommend this product to any buyer ! ! ! great purchase !
that said , he doesn't enjoy wearing them , so i have to regularly put them back on right . his eyesight might be a bit impaired with them ...
this is a very solid leash hook that was exactly what i needed . the black finish on the metal frame looks good too .
my cat loves these toys . however he was able to rip the fur portion off the stick . not a great quality but for the money it works
this isn't a winner for my kitty she really wasn't interested in it and the battery lights didn't last very long .
love this leash . it feels / looks very well made and the adjusting feature works great . i would definitely recommend this leash !
nice product at a good price , sized right with thoughtful middle indent for breaking in half to make nibble size , and important my puppy likes them .
i started using this and it has helped my dogs ' coats . i do recommend this product and i love the container it comes in also !
our golden retriever loves it ! although , i think he likes the sugar in the real stuff slightly better ;-) . healthy ftw !
this is especially helpful to have for toy breed dogs , puppies , and even low energy dogs that need a nutritional boost or appetite enticement .
as i stated i have a picky dog but she loves this stuff i don't see spending money on stuff she hides in the back yard
at this price and for the brand this is a must have they are wonderful and promote a good growth for the turtles shell .
great ceramic dish just the right size for my parrot and easy for him to cling to while eating . different ! ! !
my girls love these little pouches . as soon as they hear the package rip they come sprinting across the house . i'd say that's a 5 star review !
good dog toy ... i just wish they wouldn't put squeakers in the feet . the poor little donkey is complete with the exception of the feet !
nice and convient to order got here fast . product is what it is and a great supplier no problems with the store .
my arm doesn't throw the ball as far as it use to ! this product can be as short or long as needed . easy on the shoulder !
i dose my eleven year old siberian husky twice daily along with turmeric which is also an anti-inflammatory . it helps her movement and she likes both .
it's a sturdy toy and my 20lb dog can carry it around . he can chew as often as he likes and it doesn't seem to wear down .
this fits nicely into the back on a smaller suv for family vacations . my 35 pound dog has pleanty of room to move comfortably
my pet chinchillas love this brand , will have to buy more in the future . food smells fresh and healthy . thanks
my cats love it . they are both older ; 15 and 17 and both are toothless , so they love the soft pate .
but other dogs not so sure about it , which is okay since it is seriously too expensive to feed to them all .
this one doesn't smell as nice as the wild prairie or pacific stream . my dog gobbles up those formulas , but he was less interested in this one .
this is the first time i've ordered cat food online , it's a great product , the delivery time was excellent and my cat really likes the pate .
i had feral cats outside . this product removed the smell of cat urine on my porch . it has a pleasant smell
the digital thermometer makes reading the temperature of the tank easy and much more accurate . overall great product highly recommended
besides the fact that they're made of all natural ingredients , these chews do a great job in keeping my active puppy occupied and happy .
works well for intended purpose , very sturdy metal scooper , larger than what i had thought but that's okrecommend if anyone needs a replacement for a cracked plastic scoop
well , the dog like this and it seems to hold up well . he usually can demolish pet toys but this one may hang around for a while .
worked great the first time i used it.after once though its like my 2 cats are immune to it . i would not recommend this product to others .
my dogs love chewing on these . it helps them to not chew on other items when they have bully sticks .
cans are too small but the flavors of beef , chicken and turkey are delicious . cats love them so i use them sparingly .
based on the reaction of my fishies , it's totally yummy ! they relish it and i alternate with bloodworms for them - a fave !
my dog loves these . she gets good tooth cleaning and hours of happiness .
my dogs try to chew up all their toys and seem tofind this different to pull rather than chew up .
not quite pitbull proof . makes an awful noise while my dog is destroying it . he has one end broken up into tiny pieces already .
this is a supplement i use for my dog as an addition to fortiflora to my daily feedings . highly recommended .
this is well constructed , but like other grass items i have purchased for my rabbit , she will not use it .
fits crates ( two of them ) very well , washed them before using them and they came out nicely from the wash.price was great , and delivered quickly .
tried this product to help with my dogs allergy . i only noticed a small improvement . wont be reordering this again .
the cats love it ! there is always a tail sticking out of it--and also a little guy sitting on top .
our girl loves these treats ! gluten free . which are good because she has allergies and clearly these treats have not triggered them .
not the cheapest , but not the most expensive by far . good ingredients & my dog seems happy with it , so i'm good !
this is an awesome product . with the heat in florida in the summer , my little guy just lolls around on this cooling pad .
fast shipping , great packaging . it's the 3rd replacement i got and my dog uses it and it keeps the porch clean .
really big bags , thick enough but said to be biodegradable which is awesome , will buy more of them because they are great .
we like chicken that smells and tastes like chicken . this does not at all . another bad chicken treat in my opinion
very strong , love the weight , has nice clasp - would purchase again color has not fadedi have large dogs that pull
my chocolate lab had this in pieces in no time . definitely not a toy for unsupervised play time . good fun when supervised .
its a dog leash . it works as expected . the clasp is solid . the material is good and strong . my dog likes walks .
i love this product ! it eliminates stray litter and keeps it more contained ! i recommend this for anyone with cats
for the price i need a dog food that they both like , so we will be trying a few other brands that are healthier .
my puppies look adorable in this outfit ... if you want to keep your small dog warm in something that is so soft and cute i recommend this one ...
the best deal i can find and they are very absorbent and high quality . my dogs were very easily trained with these as well .
worked rather well against cat smells . i feel i will buy this product again in the future . i hope this company never stops making this wonderful product !
great product and my cats love the chicken flavor . these little cans work good with 2 cats . l / 2 it . tasty .
great price my animals woof these . picky cat i add some to his food and all that's left is a clean dish
a very cute product but it didn't work . it has three batteries but they were dead when received . amazon was wonderful and gave me a refund .
they are good and would recommend , hopefully his skin will improve also but will give update in a couple of weeks , thanks
this is great cat litter , my favorite so far . i thought it was quite expensive . but it is great stuff .
was easy to get in ground and the right size for our little dog . well made exactly was as stated !
our 10yr old terrier loves these . shs 25lbs and it takes her 30 min to chew this . this price is the best deal too !
so much better than regular unscented bags . they are large enough for the biggest messes too .
unfortunately did not work for me to curb unwanted urination ; could be because the original odors were not completely eliminated .
we love how they keep her teeth and gums in good condition and her breath sweet . it is a great treat too !
excellent product , very good . looks nice in my tank . is as described in the image . recommend this product and would buy
i love vetricyn . i use just about all of their products for my dog . they are just wonderful ; and wow do they work
this toy has lasted several months with a black lab . easy to clean and see when he leaves it outside .
my dog still has this which is a miracle , great quality and i would totally recommend this for dogs who chew everything
i have four cats and they go bonkers over this catnip . pricing is decent compared to retail stores in my area
the wild cotton tail rabbits love this . will have to order more just to keep up with their use of this . it's exciting seeing them enjoying this
seems too small , chi fights to get out , and also a little on stiff side . will be returning it , if i can findth receipt !
my 5 dogs love to chew and these keep them busy instead of chewing things that they shouldn't . very good .
it works at minimizing the odor , it doesn't make it disappear but i use it every time i clean the litter box
quality product as you would expect from newman's own . only downside is that they somewhat difficult for my carin terrier to breakdown and chew .
just what it says a refill cannister for the bark collars , just wished it came in a different scent . works good
i've used these for over 2 years now with great results . it keeps the fleas away and only needs to be applied monthly .
i love this brush because my dogs love it . before getting this one , our dogs dreaded being brushed . now they line up for it .
my weimaraner puppy ( 5 mo . ) liked the treats , but they are modest in size so they were consumed rapidly by him .
not for the heavy chewer . will last about 2 minutes.my 25 pound mongrel made short work of this one . its small too .
i actually have this air pump working on my outside pond just adding additional bubbles during the winter . it has lasted now for quite a long time .
my dobermans don't like this product . so i won't buy it again . they do , however , love bully sticks and get one every other day .
i love these clips they make it easy to move your dogs tags from one collar to another , great buy
perfect length , very strong , but not too strong . great for walking our rambunctious lab mix pup ( 6 months old ) ! very highly recommended .
these are an awesome investment and do a great job of keeping the tank glass clean .
cats love window beds this one is so easy to put up , comfy , with a washable cover . my cats love this restful spot by the window .
reliable , basic , accurate.wish it wasn't so hard to read micro sized numbers . but happy with the quality of the product .
can , t rate this one its still in the box i am gonna use it on a 55 gallon overflow box when i get the tank set up
my cats love it but they fight over it . i need to get another one . they love their hugga wubba !
rattles a little when driving and you have to tighten it every so often but it's a good price and it keeps the dogs in the back .
dog loves these and so much cheaper than buying small packs at the grocery store . no added color which is bad for the dog and stains everything .
i have a blinky eyed , sometimes allergy eyed white poodle . this product works quite well and as a bonus , removed the " tracks "
nice home for any dog i would recommend this for price and value any time shipped fast and easy to set up
have tried several kinds , like all of them even though they don't last very long .
it is rated highly and the dogs seem to like it . i am supposed to use nine more words . done !
i like this portable crate . it's easy to set up and the dog seems to like it too . i would recommend .
product is great . works great . there is nothing that i could complain about . from packaging to use this product is great
this dish has held up well so far . installs easily and seems sturdy . arrived on time and as described . i would recommend .
dogs weren't interested in this being cool or room temperature , either way it didn't hold up at all . was destroyed within about 20 minutes by my puppy .
nature's variety limited ingredient products are the best for any pet regardless of health reasons are not . our pets are healthier and enjoy the taste of their food .
i am a fan of kong because they are durable and cute . my dogs love them because the toys are strong and survive their games of keep-away .
this product work and you seethe result inmediatly the onlything is kind expensive but likeall the good produts are
beautiful and my cat loves it . now if i could just keep my dog away from it , i would definitely recommend
my bunnies love this toy ! they throw it around and chew the heck out of it . it's also really light .
great bowl but the sticker was difficult to remove and adhesive leaves residue . but other than that it is a decent bowl
my dog couldn't use it and it was a waste of money . the pom poms were not workable to ware .
its the perfect size for leash training ! it is also has a very reasonable price and has a cute paw design !
marshall litter is a very good litter i wont buy anything else . i strongly recommend this to anyone with ferrets
do not seem to work as well as in past uses . we did not get they same positive results we usually get .
these toys last forever . there are so many squeakers that even my 3 dogs can't kill them all . i bought 5
the squeaker in the mouse broke immediately after i tossed it to my cat after opening it . returned it asap . don't buy .
have been using this product on my dogs ( 4 ) for years , it's effective and easy to apply . great protection for fleas , ticks and mosquites !
i purchased this , because i have several rabbits and you can't beat the price . my rabbits ate this just fine .
api makes good aquarium chemicals , both for testing as well as keeping the aquarium water itself safe and healthy for the fish .
didn't work for me . wasn't absorbent , so urine was leaking to the bottom of the pan and becoming a mess . i wasn't happy with the product .
got these instead of paying twice as much for half the name brands , . seems to work will for my two mutts .
dogs really love this snack . and i trust hill's science diet . it's like getting a cookie in the evening after they have eaten .
cats were able to tear it up with the first day . did not do as i read about in cat fancy . very disappointed
great device for your fish tank work great no worries about my temp now 5 months and still ticking yes ! ! !
it is almost too tall for the tank but my betta loves it . from across the room it looks real .
leash leaves much to be desired . i agree with the other post's that it needs to be a foot longer .
easy to put on , appears comfortable for our boy , love it and glad he can stay safe in the car now ! !
they say this takes about a month for it to start working so i don't know yet but still giving it to them .
awesome bed and fun for cats , but careful with small kittens ( one got head stuck in hole ) ! very sturdy , washable .
it's a kong - just stuff it with some food ! i stuff her x-large kong with bananas and freeze them .
my lionheads find this hay simply irresistable . they cant seem to get enough . will buy this again . great product that leaves them " thumpin " for more
can't hear a thing . just how i like it . recommended to anyone with an aquarium . absolutely love this pump get one !
ehh , my dog ignores this . it doesnt really smell like chicken & bacon . looks like this will be going in the garbage !
the cartridge is very easy to replace and seems to do a good job . iwill see after we have it a few months
my puppy loves this food and i like that it contains bison and deer meat , just like she would have eaten in the wild !
i have been saving this toy for now since he has a lot of the other talking toys . i know he will love this one too .
my dogs loves the treat and doesn't have any adverse reactions like gas . i prefer this treat to biscuits with flour and fillers .
delight your canine friend with their very own bottled water . give them fresh water everywhere you go ! never a reason for your dog to go thirsty again .
i haven't brushed my dogs teeth but the vet says his teeth are beautiful and clean and the dog loves them too .
enjoyed these . 20 to a pack so they last a long time . it even takes awhile for the dogs to chew . teeth are kept clean .
very nice don't have to worry about my dog turning over his food or water dish with these bowls . great idea .
not sure how i can really tell if it's working but it seems like it is . it has stuff growing on it .
i bought it and do like it however for training purposes i learned you need a regular leash so the dog knows it's limits and doesn't pull .
my two cats lucy & schroeder love it . i liked it because it's easy to serve , the cats enjoy it , and there's no waste .
great price for a great product . i have 4 dogs so price is a concern and this was a good deal .
its a hit with all four cats . great for chewing and licking . i'll buy again . a solid and well made .
my dogs ended up with severe diarrhea at the same time after i added this to their water bowl following instructions .
compact . they use it and love the sisal . they prefer the top and only occasionally use the lower portion . bought 2 .
temptations cat treats are the only treats my cats will eat . they love every flavor . best price is on amazon under the subscription plan .
this scraper is well made and does a good job of cleaning off algae on a glass tank . would recommend .
very good product for dogs . should ask your vet before giving this product though . it's not for every dog . price is a little steep .
i have a veryt intelligent parrot , and she could care less about this . it was a total waste of money .
this is the only shampoo i use on my dog . she's got some skin problems and allergic to things . this helps !
keeps my dogs breath smelling o k and there's good things in this treat . i have 4 dogs and theiy look forward to this treat .
i liked the pan but my 9 cats use it last out of several other pans . it may be too deep for them .
arrived quickly , nothing damaged . my hermit crabs love this moss , they love digging , playing and eating it . highly recommend . will buy again
cats use it the really don't lay on it much although my cats are huge be perfect for kittens looks nice too !
these hoops are a good treat for our little ferret she will take one and run and hide to eat it so you cant take it away from her
i love angry birds on my iphone and have been playing for years . my kitties love the toys . all is right with the world !
i love these greenies for my dogs ! it's nice to give them one in the morning & at night .. just like how us humans brush our teeth !
this nail trimmer works great for trimming my cat's nails , and doesn't cause the nails to splinter or anything . also easy to hold , which is nice !
i used this with my litter of mini aussiedoodle puppies . they loved it . it's just the right size for them .
it worked for the first day or so then the dog just got used to the sound and ignored it .
i guess this product is ok i was told it takes a month to see good result it only been a couple of weeks
fun ! fun ! fun ! for the chinchillas too ! i really ennjoy watching my chinchillas play peek-a-boo in this tunnel . this is an awesome product .
i have purchased 2 of these bowls and i like the fact that they really are non-spill . work really good .
biotene works water additive takes the hassle out of keeping all our cats and dogs teeth clean . we save on costly and stressful vet cleanings !
this product is great , its works like a charm for taking my pup on the scooter and the tail hole makes it more comfortable it seems
good stuff . adjustable hole for the snacks to come out of is really well made . a few more required words ... and voila .
these little babies do exactly what they are intended to do . hard to beat the price as well ... not to mention you get 5 in a package .
just a gr8 product for a gr8 price . i've seen an improvement in the health and vitality of my heavily stocked 75 gallon african cichlid tank .
only brand and flavor our dogs like . this is a great price when you order them in bulk and in this size .
i ordered these to use on my long haired cat . prompt delivery and i am satisfied with this product . i have used a couple times already .
ditch your frontline plus . advantage does far better in both a wide variety of cats and dogs . just make sure to choose carefully from the weight categories .
my dog loves the flavor and begs for these cookies but doesn't like them in the kong as she can't get them out
this encourages mental and physical activity while rewarding your dog for working to figure it out . easy to roll around the house and adjust difficulty .
the smartykat cracklechute collapsible tunnel is wonderful to keep your cat busy . my cat , tux , loves it and plays in it every day .
seems like this is the perfect size etc and appears to be of good construction to hold up for a long time to come .
i expected something a little smaller . it's really long ! it's easy to use though . it's just a little annoying sometimes . ( i'm short , haha )
perfect ! the name-brand cartridges for my aquarium filter , and at just about 50 % discount ! i will re-order again and again ! !
easy to use and comfortable . the negative would be they've started to rust a little bit already , but still clip well .
just the right size for the mini schnauzers , and light enough that i don't bang them into everything when washing .
i got this for 3 of my moms birds and they loved these things . i believe they stredded them in about 1 week .
like i said before pp pad is a pp pad they absorbed the p so all is good , you gotta be kidding me ...
sent both back and finally gave up . now use a large nail clippers and trim just the very ends of my puppies nails . at least this method works
this does not last - my dog pulled out the stuffing too soon . for safety reasons , this toy was thrown out .
i feed my platys some of these as a snack and not a meal . they honestly eat whatever i put in there including these .
she thought they were the " cats meow " as far as flavor but i didn't see any difference in her behavior . your mileage may very !
bought this for my 8 week old puppy and after getting it built he went straight into the pen and didn't want to get out of it love's it
i have many dogs from 10 pounds to 60 pounds and this works for them all . highly recommend . will buy again
my dogs play with it an drag it by its horn . a lot smaller than i expected however i still really like the toy an so do my babies
they are the perfect size for chihuahua puppies . they love the fuzzy yellow on the outside , to grab it buy .
my kitty loves this food and especially this flavor . so i get it for him from amazon . continue making this wonderful cat food .
my havanese likes these and we can use them as a treat . they have helped with the tearing and the stains 90 % when we use them regularly .
this was a gift for my friend's dog . she is a 12 pound shi-tzu . the picture is exactly what it looks like .
i would recommend these for owners with tough chewing dogs . they held up well to three rottweilers chewing on them . some chip apart easily , these didn't
this leash is very reflective at night and the color is just lovely on my black border collie . great buy .
too small for cat , cant get in the doors , so doesnt use it , now trashed . i , ( not cat ) liked the colour
i love that is is narrow profile and fits in my tiny laundry room . fits a 35lb bag very well .
cat never touched it . oh well - all cats are different . there is nothing wrong with the product , it was as described ..
product works as labeled i use the big end for my big yorkie and the small for my little 3 pound yorkie .
see my review under the scoopfree litter tray refills , pack of 6 . ( i accidentally put the review for the pan under the refills . )
next time i'll order the smaller size and let you know how i like it . my malinois doesn't care , but she wishes i would throw it more .
does what most others say . good smell for the dog and also good for her coat in the summer time . i added some customer pics as well .
this filter is working great . very easy to put together , has great output of flow . the price was awesome , just can't beat it.thanks
1 year now and still heating good , bed has held up well , stuffing still good , washes up nice and cats love it !
my dog loves these and i may be right or wrong , i believe they are better for her then a rawhide
this product was a little larger than what i was looking for , but it was exactly as described and arrived promptly .
neither of my dogs would eat these . i donated them to my local shelter in hope that a dog there would like them .
after the initial excitement wore off our 2 young female cats ignore this item . they both prefer the smaller catnip mice .
my cat loves this and she is very picky i only buy the healthiest and this is one of those i would rate 2nd best after lifes abundance .
could not get the pump to work . had to transfer contents to another bottle for ease of use . other than that , dog eats it with meal .
i was shocked when i saw how small this thing is . if you have anything but good vision it may not be the best choice for you .
large , wide scratch box . this is a well made , sturdy box . my cats love it and is durable . i would recommend it .
great tool to keep my dog safe in the car . easy to use , easy to carry from car to car . price is right
my very big red-haired slider loves warm water and this heated his tank to a perfect 68 . great and efficient !
my dogs love it and can't wait for meal time . fantastic food for the price as well . i would recommend this to everyone
my two dogs race to the kitchen to have this food for dinner . even my little one who is usually finicky just loves this brand !
20/15 perfect vision . i can't read the small numbers.other than that , it looks good.if you buy it for its intended purpose hope you have super microscopic eyes .
my yorkie was very amused by the multiple squeakers in the toy when he first got it.fun toy , though it can be pretty noisy , and good quality .
love to give my two retrievers these treats when we go away to keep them busy . it works great to keep tarter build up to a minimum .
my dogs love this stuff . they drink it like soda pop . i give it to them daily and it helps their teeth , gums and attitude .
what else can you say about bags for dog poop ! they work ! came with blue bags and a blue carrier
my dog loved loved loved these . i had ordered them for his boarding days but he loves them so much i have to order more
my elderly cat loves this product . we have been able to keep her weight steady by using this to supplement her diet .
bought this for our larger dogs and it works well , just be sure the ground isn't too soft or it wobbles .
this is a good box for my cats , i think the storage pockets could be smaller to give more room for litter .
although designed as dog treats , we break prime taste treats into smaller bites for our cats . the cats go wild for these treats !
all dogs i fed this to gained good muscle tone and coat shine and made them more energetic and helped the dogs get better nutrition .
works great with our foster dog - a rottweiler - and gives him his own color ! good quality and the 1 inch width fits great in your hand .
both my boxer boys enjoy this this treat . if you have serious chewers then this style of toy may be a smart option .
my dog loves this food . i've been giving it to her for 8 years & she is thriving . it's a little pricey , but it's good quality !
when i bought this i thought it was a good replacement for the regular ball but my cats won't play with it at all .
i was really happy when i received the litter system and these refills ! absolutely worth the money , in my opinion .
my rabbit haze loved this grass play ball . he pushed it all over the house and ate it up.good product .
so far , these work great for our one cat who pees on everything and also for our really cranky cat . i keep ordering .
this is great for adding more space and tubs for the larger hamster to move through . i love to add tubs and change things around
not great for fecal incontinence . i have a dog with a small waist and large muscular thighs and it was somewhat of an awkward fit .
too heavy for small puppies to carry around but great for big dogs.treats can be placed and can be washed easily . durable rubber for chews .
my do loves and he has stop playing with it , 100 % please and highly recommend this rabbit for there dog , you won't regret the product .
our puppy likes to chew on his dinosaur . he hasn't made much of a dent in it but he does like to chew on it .
my dog loves this because it has a lot of squeakers in it . i would recommend it to other people .
good if your cat likes and eats it.one our cat loves it and would sell a soul for it , but second doesn't eat it at all :)
my golden has that big old mouth so he gets this super size nylabone , didnt know this size was even available !
i know this is one of the healthiest cat foods you can give your cat - but mine won't eat it .
i have two labs . both dogs love the variety of chew treats in every bag . i love the cost .
really helped my dog's upset stomach would recommend any time would buy this again and use it shipped really fast
this chew bone has stood up to two dachshunds using it to floss after meals twice a day . so far not much wear to it !
perfect for training the dog to move away ... or move in a particular direction . washable . easy to use . fun for the dog !
great toys . the dogs all love them . they last forever . many sizes and flavors to choose from . will for sure buy again !
sturdy , but neither of my dog will have anything to do with them ( and they are chewers , bully sticks , tendons , shoes )
it works good , and is the best price that i could find . they shock collar it's for works great as well .
just opened the pack and my dogs have already let me know these are pure , simple genius : mesmerizing squeak in their favorite objects other than bone .
my kitteh loves the smaller version of these but will have nothing to do with the big ones . guess it is a preference thing .
it really wriggles around like a real rodent when you drag this toy across the floor - my cats can't resist--even the one that prefers to hunt birds .
love this brand of dog food for my doggie . so glad to be able to order and have it delivered to my house .
my puppy likes the toy until he gets the treat sticking out . anything that falls inside does not interest him .
my dog enjoyed this right away . i have left it in the florida summer sun for weeks and it has not faded .
fits perfectly on top of the exo-terra tank we got , looks nice and performs exactly as expected . paired with a timer it is perfect !
our 3 pound puppy loves this littel toy , and carries it around all the time . seems like the squeeker won't come out .
it works somewhat . i still use it in hope if you use it for a long time . it helps hips and joints .
great for chewing - fun for jumping on or over - he doesnt go in it too much - but bunnies love these grass products for sure .
the plastic is a little flimsy , but overall a good carrier for my five pound yorkie poo . easy to take the door off which is a plus .
my bunnies really love dried marigolds ! it's a special treat for them , just don't feed them to many marigolds coz they will upset their tummies ...
the shirt fits great . i got him a small and it fits him well . he looks like such a handsome man in this shirt
the neck was eaten off in five minutes flat . see my rating for the mike . not for aggressive chewing dogs
the dogs love these chews and i don't have to worry about them swallowing too big a bit as they break down well .
great product . great price ! cant beat it . no local store can compare . tank ready use in both my tanks .
these are very good dog treats , enjoyed by all . my doberman absolutely loves them and cannot get enough . highly recommend .
my cats won't even use it as it makes so much noise . i have cleaned and jiggled the motor etc . gave it away .
the only reason you would ever buy this is if yours was broke and you need a replacement , so reviews don't matter
this doesn't really help dog breath at all . i would stop selling this . i have seen better product joy armstrong
i bought this for my cat but it was too big - - would be better for dogs , as advertised . my mistake :-)
my dogs love them . they are healthy and not too crunchy which one of dogs like . they look forward to eating them .
my cats love this turbo scratcher ! they love the catnip that comes with it too !
i like this product , wish it came in a larger bottle . my dogs ears require quite a bit so it doesn't last very long .
excellent mat for sloppy and slobbery drinkers . keeps the kitchen floors dry , contains all the slurping , everyone is happy and hydrated ... great !
gave to our puppy , she had ate the entire thing in less than 10 minutes . not good for power chewers .
i have 3 cats that can be very picky . they like this better than the iams indoor cat food . they all look healthy and happy .
this is something that has been working great on my chickens sense there are a few being picked on it helps stop the pecking and disinfects the area as well
this dog puzzle is okay enough , but the circles that cover the treats slide too easily , so it's really no puzzle for any of the dogs .
i am always impressed with seachem products and prime is no exception . i use pipettes ( b005iqtse0to measure the perfect amount for my 20 gallon .
i like that it's venison which is so hard to fined but they are so skinny that my dogs eat them in 2 seconds
there's no size listed - this is really for a small dog - not the one pictured here . was disappointed .
nice and small , super reflective . occasionally my dog's neck looks like it's got lasers coming out of it in photos .
met my needs and looks very good . i'm very pleased with it and easy to clean though it's not waterproof
very nice leash . glad i bought . one like this in a local store costs $ 20 . this is a good buy .
my cats like this as a hide out or a place to sleep . comes put together so no hassle involved .
bought this to walk my dogs with a coupler . both of my dogs love to pull me along for a walk . this shock absorbing leash works great .
we have two vizslas that tear through toys easily .. this one seems to be on the tougher end of the scale so far .. they love it !
one of the best inventions was the litter genie ! these refills are durable & last for a very long time ! ! 14 feet of a long time
this refill pack is a great buy economically . as for the product , the litter genie the cat's meow . i hope to never be without it .
of all we bought recently , they liked these crunchy chicken ones about the best . they seemed to get a lot of chewing enjoyment out of these .
my dog liked them as treats and not as a med which was good . it seemsed to help with his joints .
my terrier mix chews on this all day long and he's only gone through the head and tail ! very much recommended ! i actually bought 3 more ...
my lab chews this all the time and its still around after 2 months . its got smooth edges so does not seem to scratch the wood floors .
core us the only dry food i feed my cats which i use to stretch my wellness canned food because it's grain free .
i hooked this up on the second level of my kitties ' cat tree , it dangles about a foot from the floor . they love it
we have 4 greyhounds and definitely have our share of poop in the back yard . this makes easy work of getting it picked up .
my dog , a big chewer with big teeth , likes this toy . i bought it for a friend's dogs as they are also heavy chewers .
this works good for my co 2 gas . the other tube i had kept breaking but this is strong and easy to work with .
works great for skin irritations on my dog and i've even used it on myself for mosquito and black fly bites . works great !
i needed a short cable for a certain area of my lawn for my very strong puppy and this works wonders . thank you !
if i could id give this a no starcats like it , but it is never in stock and when it is they by pass my standing order .
my cats really loved these just right sized toys to get in their paws and play with . fun watching them bat them around in their back feet too .
dogs seemed to stayed cool while traveling . they would ball it up after awhile , not sure why . did seem to help .
my dogs ( two ) have shared this for the past 6 months . they do like it , and i believe it is probably good for their teeth .
you won't find a better deal . i thought it was a mistake ... it was delivered and just like it is described ! ! ! must buy !
it lasted maybe 5 minutes before it hit the trash . might be good for a small dog , but certainly not a golden retriver !
this odor remover has a nice scent and removes the odor from the animal's accidents . you don't need to use a lot to remove the stain .
put it together , cats didnt even touch it once . ended up throwing it away . they have more fun when i cut holes in a cardboard box .
my pup will chew through anything and she has yet to chew threw this bed . that is all i need for a good review .
gave to a friends dog and she loves it as we can play fetch and tug she love it great
the bag of food lasted the month . my dogs liked it . it came to my house in a timely manner
my dog , bandit , just loves these crunchy treats . of course , she loves all treats , so perhaps , that's not saying much ! !
the pill pockets are a bit large for my dog so i cut them in half . he definitely likes the taste and the pills go down much easier .
each bit is on bigger side , and the outside is bit powder-ly . but my 19 - pound boston terrie eats them well .
tried this for the first time after seeing it advertized on pet sites . much lower price on amazon ! it works well and i will certainly buy more !
great product now i just need to get a lid of some kind to keep the rain out of it
works well , get a deep dome for it so it won't teeter when placed flat on a screen . highly recommend .
a 6 - foot dog leash which works great , walking safe and confortable way . we loved it indeed . nina
if you are getting the belly band , then you absolutely need these . you can't just keep washing the belly band constantly .
all of my fish love this product . they will all rush to devour these , while ignoring everything else . very inexpensive too .
my cats did not really seem to like the rice much in this food . they seemed to enjoy the gravy .
works great with the fluval filter and helps keep the water the cleanest . the filter keeps things cleaner longer with this product .
the stray cat when through all of them , but , had his favorites , that seemed to be the softer cloth toys . happy with the assortment
my reef tank , responds well to this product ! fish seem to love it , in both reef and fwfo tank , , again .. yummy !
my dogs love it especially my senior dog . these are perfect for him - not too hard and not too soft .
this toy is my dogs favorite , i think it is because there are more area's to grab and tug on . will buy again
my 2 cats love this box , it is attractive and fun to look at . it was inexpensive and works great . thinking i may order another one .
the bowling pin lasted slightly over five minutes - if your dog is a heavy chewer , do not buy this toy .
the smell is strong im guessing the taste is too my dog loves these so much he wont let me try them
always like this cat food and now with the larger size it becomes a good buy for subscribe and save
i have used this product for long time , and this product keeps my water good.also this is much cheaper than my local pet store .
it kinda smells like a vitamin and my dog kinda got agressive after eating one but if she is by herself she is fine
where i shop locally isn't always great at keeping hairball control in stock , so it's nice getting it here online , and at a reasonable price .
the pads are a little thin , but do the job . the price is great too . they are so expensive in the store .
i get all kinds of toys for the parakeets and this is one of there favorites . the keets like it so i like it .
i highly recommend this as a refill when you have used up the nitrate portion of the api master test kit .
my guy plays with this on a daily basis . he loves it . keeps him busy until he gets tired . great toy .
been using this for several weeks and can't see any difference in the tartar levels on my dogs teeth . don't waste your money .
the cover is nice and covers the ledge completely . it will be easy to take off when there is a need to wash it .
this stuff is hard to use with pets in the house.my animals tried to eat it so i didn't feel safe using it
my dogs told me that . they have tried other brands but love natural balance both canned and dry.also they love their doggie sausage .
my dog really likes this toy--it is probably best for very small dogs as they are a little fragile for dogs that more aggressively " attack " their toys .
this feeder is beautiful to look at , very easy to clean and has attracted hummingbirds to our yard ; i couldn't ask for more .
this is perfect for keeping your puppies busy . she pushes it around until the treats pop out . fun for dogs
our 2nd favorite fountain for our cats after the drinkwell multi-tier pet fountain ( which requires more frequent filling but is more loved by our cats :) )
the dogs were only mildly interested in the bottle buddy but i think it's going to make a swell toy for my granddaughter !
i am a repeat , repeat , repeat buyer . i use it for my toy poodle and 3 cats . it works reliably each and every time !
i am looking forward to using these in my canister filter . my fx5 is a awesome filter and i could not get them locally .
my dogs love this item . the nylon is very tough on this . they like to play with it all the time .
my dog really likes the beneful brand . more then any other we have either bought or tried through vine .
love this for walks .. able to give my pup a little drink while we wander , and clip it on my camera bag with out bulk or issue .
my cats quickly lost interest in this toy . it does come with extra pieces which is good because the mice break off easily .
does exactly what i bought it to do . thanks for making a great product at a fair price for us stay at home dog mommy !
it is smaller than expected , a little too small for my rather large breed shih tzus . they were not all that impressed .
order so many of these . dogs bury them and they disappear but never fall apart .
nice and sturdy so my cats can't knock it over . love that it comes with 4 different grains to try out .
wellness minced chicken canned cat food is a favorite of my eight cats . they all love the flavor and i like the high quality ingredients .
my dog loves this treat & it helps me feel better because it is also good for her joints , especially since she is so active .
we ordered this for our 100 lb bouvier , it fit him well and we enjoy it very much , it works well .
i'm not sure there is any product on the market that really kills the fleas as we would like , but this is better than others i've tried .
my shih tzus like this and haven't torn it up yet . it has passed the two week mark in my house .
my cats went wild when i introduced the rabbit formula . it's nice to have so many choices of high quality cat food .
i have 9 chihuahuas that i bought these for . none of my babies will eat these . not even the big outside dog .
pig ears must be to dogs what chocolates are to humans . my vet recommends them instead of rawhide , and i've never been sorry .
it not much more then a pastle bag i returned itwould not buy this not a good deal at all
this is a very nice dish . my dog said to tell the makers of this dish that he loves eating his breakfast out of it .
after her walk in the park every day except in inclement weather , my baby girl doggie gets one of these . she loves them .
not a great design it takes up a lot of tank room with the attachment and is crazy loud . im not a fan of this .
this dog toy has held up well so far . once loaded with treats , it kept my dog entertained for about an hour . would buy this again .
my cats went crazy with this toy very compact and big for my cats the can play very well , i'm going to buy other .
my dogs love this wet food . and it's the the best price i could find . i will definitely be ordering this again ! ! !
very much top quality , just as described , smooth welds , no rough spots , very strongand easy to put on your dog
i love these bags ! they are wonderful for the earth . price is right for me and i plan on ordering more ! !
he doesn't care for more scratchers , but for some reason he loves the cheap little cardboard ones . it gets 5 stars in my book .
would be nice if it came with the biostars , only comes with 5 ! come on api that much money and u can't include everything ? ? ?
my 2 dogs love these treats . takes them awhile to chew and keeps them busy . arrived on time in good condition . wiill continue to buy them .
perfect tug o war toy for a smaller puppy , but watch out for teeth ! my puppy really enjoys playing a with this toy .
wouldn't stay on the dog's feet.first pair were too large . re-ordered a smaller size but they fell off after a couple of steps.waste of money .
my algae keeps coming back . matter fact it never went away . maybe i have a different kind of algae . just not sure . i followed directions
temptations satisfy the appetites of my feline tribe . add to that the convenience of subscribe and save and pricing below local and that is a definite winner .
he loves these . they smell very chicken-y , presumably taste good to him since he goes insane for them and then ferrets them away into his octo-bed .
great price for a durable , easy to clean food and water bowl . i don't care about aesthetics so this was a great choice for my juvenile beardie .
perfect frt the exoterra 5.0 cfl bulb . good quality and well made . perfect foe exo mini . just enough heat and light .
i bought this to carry my 4 pound chihuahua , holly , and it works perfect . no complaints . very comfortable being worn both front and backwards .
our dog absolutely loves this ball . it keeps him occupied for hours . i am realy amazed at how it really talks to the dog . great toy .
works like it should . black to hide with the black background . dont really nottice it in the tank .
but my dogs didn't like it . i was hoping to distract him when we leave the house , but he wasn't much interested in the toy .
my puppy was chewing up my hands so i thought i'd try him with this , boy do my hands thank me . : )
my dog loves these i use them for training after ripping them into smaller pieces and i stuff them in my dogs toys . he really likes them !
my dog will carry is kong round all day until you put a cookie in it . this is the only toy he cannot tear up
these wipes really help with my grandson's allergies to his cats . they also have a mild and pleasant smell . i would recommend them to a friend .
very helpful to have on-hand when you have a betta-fish from a lfs and need to treat for fin-rot or other issues .
good quality so five stars and good elastic , however i also purchased other stylesthese are cute however they are not as nice as other selections .
this is a great crate for dogs , and especially the price . the ones at the pet stores are so much more expensive and over priced .
it's aquarium airline and it works . nothing else to say really , it's one of those simple products that does exactly what it is designed to do .
my bulldog generally tears up toys pretty quickly . i have had good luck with the kong toys not fall apart and last a long time .
one bath and my foster kitten seemed to be flea free ! vet said he looked healthy and was good to go !
my 8 month puppy absolutely loves it . she has not destroyed or punctured it . great for fetch games and she plays with it by herself as well .
i order this frequently for the cats in the sanctuary and at the habitat .
as a professional dog trainer i found this to be a great product at a great price . buy with confidence .
quiet , is pumping , under ground gravel filter , air stone , and other filter with plenty of power.you can't beat the price or quality .
they work great . i like them much better than the zapper ones . so glad i bought them my dogs are six and twelve pounds .
this is what i used in training my lab , this is a great leash ! ! i highly recommend to anyone looking for a leash .
this may work better for avid chewers , but our lazy greyhound doesn't like the hard to get at interior . good quality rubber .
unfortunately , the quality has decreased since a few years ago , but it is still a good product . my kitties love to just sit on the wave .
it works good like any other pad . you just need to train your dog to use it ! a good potty spray helped us a lot !
our dogs love them . i like that they aren't made in china , because i've heard that a lot of the dog treats from china cause health problems .
only issue is you really need to mix it into good canned food . stains are gone , but still get a little bit of crusties .
work well for my new cats , the wash up well either by hand or in the dishwasher . very handy bowls
it's a great product , non-toxic , my cat doesn't care for it , and great as a night light for people who are scared of the dark .
use this to clean our dog clippers during and after grooming . also helps cool the blade off to keep from getting too hot .
i personally did not like the way this one sounded and it does not always make sound when i try clicking it .
my maltese and her four puppies enjoy the freedom of their own space with this plastic pen . it is really sturdy and very light to move as needed .
the collars were rock hard and had to work with them to get them to bend so dogs could wear them .
we have been using this for two years with our dog that had a growth problem in one leg and he still is moving well .
bought this item not knowing how good it would work . it was great for what i need it for . would reccommend to anyone .
we bought this for a christmas present for a dog friend and haven't heard any bad reviews so far - so it should be good .
great cat treat but way too expensive . the treats are the size of dog food . not a good buy . doesn't calm any of our pets .
worked well while it lasted - and the puppy managed to chew it through pretty quickly . he'd outgrown it anyway , so no big deal !
it  s a fresh take on a classic toy . the mint seems a bit weak but our pup love playing with it .
i have never been able to find a rope this big before ! my dog loves this . she carries it all around the house with her ...
the catscram electronic cat repellent did not work , the cat just batted it around , then eventually ignored it . the end .
my two cats love these springs . thing is ... they are all over my house ! it keeps the cats playing , active , and looking for trouble.recommended .
my new puppy loves it , crawls in just to sleep , works really well as a car seat , have not used on airplane yet .
my pups love this biscuit . it is a true biscuit size . i give this one when my pups are getting a good ample size treat .
i used these because my dog went into heat , they worked very well they stayed on very nicely and were washable .
we fed our newborn puppy liquid esbilac for weeks and , while more expensive , i much prefer it over the powder .
looked like a sweater to me . but it's more of a fleecy material . i found it to be slightly over-priced . but i'm also really thrifty ...
clean & heathy grooming shearsthey reall do help me to be able to groomed dogs with.not bad price either.thank youjoy armstrong
very bright for the price . bought 2 for my 6 ft 125 gallon salt fish only . totally happy with the lighting of the whole tank !
great product . well-made and looks great on our dog ! it's perfect for those winter evening walks - thanks to the reflective stripes .
my chow puppy would not have anything to do with peanut butter or bacon but he loves these . great product
these work very well and are well built . the prongs line up well . i've used them with crickets and dubia roaches for feeding lizards .
these work great for poor pups going through a crisis . have several on hand now just in case . i would never use the hard plastic ones again .
i'm sure there are cats out there who would love this toy , but mine just kinda looked at it . even with the feathers . and the squeak .
my kittens love it . it's packed with catnip , so they go crazy on it , trying to tear it apart , lol
first i bought a wahl clipper . it would not cut my maltipoo's curly hair . this oster a6 really does the job right .
my dogs are healthier and happier on science diet dog food , which means a better quality of life for them ( and me ! ) .
i love the overall products of this company . i have not researched enough but i have a finicky dog and he loves it .
this is the perfect harness for my dog it's well made and fits my dog perfect it's well worth the money
the cat , a big male , loves this toy and plays with it and slobbers it all up all the time . this is a great brand !
my 2 cats enjoy this food as a change from their regular food . it arrived without problem i like the variety and the way its presented
my cats love the all the cat toys . i put out a few toys and they disappear when ten minutes . my cats are already playing with them .
like all the other backpacks we've tried , none stay centered on the dog's back . total waste of money .
this bowl is perfect for rabbits because it's shallow so that they don't have any problems trying to eat their food .
i got these for a friend and she says her cat loves them . would buy again . what cat doesn't love balls
needed - change once a week . i bought the stainless steel fountain and it needs thoroughly cleaned regularly - - and , these need changed ..
i wanted a mint flavor but my dog does not like this taste ... i love the brand but she likes the poultry better .
i absolutely love this product for protection for my pets . it's a reasonable price too ! it works great and i recommend using protection on your pets .
scissors are very durable and sharp . this is a must have tool when grooming around the ears and eyes .
this is the first retractable leash we have purchased that had the sturdy feel we were looking for . it's just what we wanted .
was skeptical but it really works . did 4 instead of 5 stars because of i think it is quite pricey .
i got the product i wanted quickly and for the right price . the product seems to help keep my dog healthy .
my dog absolutely loves these birds . she drags them all over the house and yard . they are sturdy and seem well constructed . seller was great .
this bowl is not only great because it doesn't spill , it also doesn't tip over and comes in nice colors .
the blade seems to be not as hard as most . i had to file a bur on one of the blades the first time i used it .
this light works great with my mr . aqua 3 gallon tank . nice clean light . works with my timer . you will not be disappointing .
my lab loved this toy . we gave it to her for her bday . she like to play the music ! adorable !
slightly concerned about the flour content , so only occasional treat , but he definitely would eat them all if i'd get them out .
this is my puppies favorite treat , i put it on anything and he loves to lick it off :) , it works great in the kong puppy toy .
these work nicely with my multi-cat household to keep things calm . i would recommend these to people with multiple cats .
i give my west highlander terrier a bath twice a week and this shampoo helps with her allergies and doesn't dry her skin out .
thin and not absorbent all , the dog's weewee spills to the floor . i am disappointed for the price i paid for these paper thin pads .
if you are looking at this then hopefully you have heard about it . prime is the best and nothing else needs to be said .
this product works pretty well at keeping off leash dogs at bay . disappointed at the size of this item , it's quite bulky to carry around .
nice to have on walks , not water proof , and the dog can tell i have treats , so the scent of food escapes .
great carrier . waterproof lining which . the only issue i have with it is that it strap slides on my shoulder and i have to constantly reposition it .
was surprised my girl friends 12 dogs destroyed it in no time . will have to find something more durable.it was worth the try .
my tiny dog really enjoys the security and being able to see out the car window . highly recommended for all car-riding pets
my dog has hip problems and since i have been giving him the greenies he has been doing much better . and he loves them !
i don't know why , but my american bulldogs like lobster toys . this is well built and is holding up so far . it's also awfully cute .
this product works so well my kitten gets confused to use the litter box but the smell is pleasent and does the job well .
am i misunderstanding the price , $ 22 for eight tubs ? i pay $ 1.79 a tub at safeway . ? ? somebody made a mistake looks like .
i got one yesterday for my 55 gallon tank i think it works great been in my tank 24 hours suction cup works so far hasn't came off yet
the good news is my kitties just love it . the bad news is they tear it to pieces in record time . glad it is two-sided .
i have a 12 year old and this stuff works great , better than pills although more spendy , but worth the money .
i bought this for my chinchilla since he ate his last house and this has worked great . he does chew on it but it has lasted much longer .
typical kong high-quality rubber . probably a little too small for my 70lb dog , if you have anything larger than that , get the xl .
this stuff smells and that's why it works . i will recommend this as it does not cloud water.other products will leave a mist of cloudness.prime works instantly .
but i ordered the wrong size for my dog so had to re order correct size . still good though , he's happy
they were very happy when i opened the top they liked the cat toy that was inside of it as well
great product , i have never brushed my dogs teeth and the vet said his teeth are in great shape , white , no tarter and no gum disease either
this is so cute , such a good idea . i have to break the treats up small so they can fall out .
fine quality product which my dog enjoys . no byproducts ! additionally all profits go to charity something all animal lovers should appreciate .
these are more flexible than other brands , so easier to put on cans . they dishwash well . the colors are fun and don't seem to fade .
not sure if there was a manufaturer defect or if the item just has a weak spot ... but my 9 month old pug tore through the screen .
works great with purigen . very sturdy and i trust it better than nylons . i've used it now for a month and i'm very satisfied .
as usual , the kong toy was a favourite that will not fall apart easily , even with the larger and more aggressive chewer .
i love these ! it holds quite a bit of water for my kitty and washes up well . i will be ordering more , for sure !
my 12lb terrier mix shook this toy and in 3 min , the seam came apart and exposed the squeaker . waste of money .
the kittens love this toy . if we want to get any peace and quiet we have to hide it from them !
these treats are soft , small , and great for training . the dogs are very enthusiastic over them and they really helped me crate train my puppies .
my three year old boston terrier loves this dog food . she has lost weight , and her coat is nice & shiny .
the material is stiff and the band is too narrow to offer enough protection . it doesn't even cover enough on our 4lb chihuahua .
as described , shipped fast and useful in doing minor cleanings in between vet visits . wrap your dog in a towel , it helps calm them down .
i like it but its too big for my puppy right now . keeping it until she gets bigger . i'm using the xsmall one right now ?
my black and tan coonhound loves a good rope to chew on . the rope was exactly what i expected . the dog loves it , of course .
my dogs only seemed interested for about 5 minutes . i would not purchase again . i think the bacon flavors are the most popular for my dogs
my four cats love this food . they are happy and healthy and look forward to every meal . i'm happy their getting the nourishment they need .
it is a mystery to me . the food is good but the dogs don't like it . don't ask me why .
harder than the one with the ball in the center . she knows how to unscrew them and got the center out and broke it in half . lol
our cat loved this until i replaced the vets bottle with this bottle purchased online . so i question the actual ingredients or product within the bottle .
use this to check salinity on my reef tank , works great .. reliable and well built . must have for folks with reef tanks
my two 30 - lb young dogs practically cackled as they scrambled merrily over this barrier to the front seat . not for determined dogs .
very sharp and long enough to give the needed extra reach when trimming deeper plants . always makes a clean cut . have had no troubles .
i started giving this to my kittens to keep them healthy . they like the snacks and come running when i shake the bag a little .
my dog , molly loves them . as long as she likes them - - that's good enough for me . personally , i have never tried one .
my german shepherd takes this dragon everywhere with him . i love the chew guard toys and he dogs too . this is perfect for medium to large dogs
next time i purchase the large ... my dogs ate this one way to easily ... they black lab mix has the chewing power of the jaws of life .
the only thing this product has ever done was contribute to me wasting my money . a genie for sure , what garbage .
i'm surprised both cats don't use it at the same time but it's become one of their favorites to use .
these are great . house lots of great bacteria and you get a decent amount for the money . i will buy more .
i purchased these for my greyhound and she absolutely loves them ! even better , they are gentle on her sensitive stomach .
my cat didn't really like it . he batted it around a bit but not one of his more favorite toys
my husky did don't even touch this bone . he looked at it like it something strange in it . and to throw in the garbage .
dogs love it however i have to monitor them so dog will not choke on them . i have a dog that swallows it without chewing it
this is ridiculous with the s & h ... dr . foster and smith website much lower price with free ship with orders over forty-nine $ $ . :)
this toy lasts along time . have had this for 6 months and my rottweiler and pitbull have yet to destroy this tug toy .
i've used this for years and it works great and is completely safe for animals . i would recommend it if you have a problem chewer .
he has chewed on this a lot and no still signs of destruction ! ! great for teething puppies . i definitely recommend .
worked after two doses my dog is back to normal after suffering for 2 weeks with diarrhea , vanilla flavor not his favorite ,
this seems to really keep them interested . i want to stuff something with it and see what the cats do .
it works well with our pets , both cats and dogs . but i don't know yet how long will it last
my small dogs really love chewing on things . this is the best because there is less damage to my home !
i purchased this for my new puppy and it works great . i have already ordered another on in a larger size .
great mat for food and water . keeps the floor cleaner underneath the food bowls and the water bowls . i would recommend this product .
lasted a few days for my 7mo lab.he ' s now working on untying the guts of it ... it's been his favorite tho .. not for this power chewer
first time buying and both dogs love to play with this . so far it has stood the test of many tug of wars .
i have 9lb beagle , the leash keeps him on track . even after repeated chews and rush from her the retractable has kept it's strength .
made water changes super easy , i feel the connector plastic can be a little stronger than it is right now but works great .
i have two pitbulls who can chew through anything but , so far , this ball has remained intact . i highly recommend .
my cats would not eat these . maybe it's the ginger . they just looked at me as though i were crazy .
works very well on my terrarium , fits my exoterra perfectly and provides plentyof soft light , highly recommend for your reptiles
buckaroo will eat a whole can for breakfast , lunch & dinner . he finishes it in just a minute or two .
love it . easy to use . plus it has the stopper on it so you don't cut off to much of the nail . would recommend them .
dog loves this flexible little kong much more that the step up ! he tosses and plays for hours on end .
one of my golden's first baby toys . only during the baby stage though . it won't hold up to a chewer past two mos ..
this stuff ( wound treatment ) works pretty good . my vet prescribed it for one of my cats , but now i use it on everybody .
my " mango " loves his food and wishes here were more red color ones ... those are his favorite ! i have a picky goffin cockatoo .
nothing bad to say about it . good amount of airline tubing . fit's my tetra whisper air pump and my aqueon bubble wand . i'm happy .
this is my birds favorite toy , well made , wish i would have got two . i would give it 10 stars .
i bought small - my dog usually wears small - should have gotten xs - but it's cute and would be great if it fit !
pet clothes police dog t-shirt - large , i love it and also my dog . people got a real kick out of the wording . lol
our dog likes this food just fine , but we cannot see any added benefit at twice the price of the other healthy foods we have been feeding her .
if you looking for something good for your dogthis is the food for you , your doog is gone a eat lessbecause has more protein , dogs loves it
they are a bit small but none the less my large golden loves them . good for his allergies too . he is happy .
i have purchased two of these . one small one for when she was ten weeks old and now the larger one now that she is 4.5 months old .
the sides are high enough to keep litter from scattering all over and give cats a sense of safety and privacy . easy to clean and fill .
both of our cats love these treats . they were highly recommended by our vet so i'm glad they love them .
i tried this shampoo after reading all the reviews . however , it didn't seem to protect my dogs that long . i went back to adams shampoo .
works great , the dog has no problem with us using it on her . it was a good buy and a good price .
our dog just loves the ball and plays with it a lot . the dog loves his play toys and plays with them especially his ball toys .
these are good treats , but i can not say that they are any better than any other . they are bassically the same as any average treat .
my dog managed to have this in several pieces with stuffing all over the house within about an hour of receiving it . sigh .
both dogs seem to like the food , however it gets to be a little pricey for the over 80 pound dog !
the kong zoom groom for cats is amazing at getting and holding the shedding hair . the cat also loves the massage
it's well made and all but our puppy didn't get excited about this bone and doesn't play with it anymore .
this is recommended by avian vets - however i am having a hard time getting my birds to accept - i have not yet given up
great toy and almost non destructible - it arrived in great shape and my dogs have really enjoyed it . good quality .
nothing much to say about this product , its ok , but my cat doesn't play with it , actually it ignores it .
if my dog hates it i have to hate it too . dog doesn't like how it feels on it's paws and won't use it .
my five pound pomeranian thinks this is his kid . he loves it and it is a perfect size for him to carry easily .
my cat is not the best for playing alone but , she loves this thing ! ! ! best money ever spent . thank you .
this product works very well . our grandson has had no asthma attacks since we began using this product.easy to use . saves money through prevented er visits .
great toy for my dog , she's pulled the shell apart in a few places but the ropes inside are durable .
so sad , that i can't use them because my cat won't let me touch her paws . she swats and nips at me when i try .
made in the usa ! ! ! my dogs loved it of course ! ! any red barn item is a hit with the babies !
my dobes would barely let me put the box on the kitchen to open it ! terrific product at a great price and superior customer service .
well made . the dogs don't seem as interested in this as i thought they would but it is a great product .
an attractive sealed container that holds a large bag of dog food and keeps it fresh and easily accessible . i love it !
at least dog loves it , takes as a treat . took for over one month , did not see much result.not cheap to buy .
my loves these so much i ordered another bag three days after first bag arrived . i highly recommend the for senior adult dogs up in age .
it was simple to put together and is a lot more sturdy than i originally expected . the cats love it .
my tall cat needed the high sides . this saves my floor , and me , from extra cleanings . fewer spills when we scoop it , too .
i have nine cats and have yet to see my cats use it ... even with the catnip rubbed into the item .
this product worked for a while after a couple of years it no longer worked for my bitch . this is only a temporary fix .
well , maybe i missed something in the information but i installed it on a painted wood door casing and it promptly fell off onto floor .
great pricehave other toys by kyjen invensablemy dog won't stop playing with it.would recommend to anyone who's dog loves to destroy their toys
big litter box for big cats ;-) make sure to get a scoop too . comes in different colors . would welcome even more colors if offered .
i have 3 cats that love the incline cat scratcher . a little cat nip goes a long way on this one ( which is a good thing ) .
quick shipping from great seller . easy to use and keeps kitty from hooking into material and yowling when she can't unhook due to long claws .
i give one of these to my 15 years old cat every morning . she has arthritis and i believe it helps her
works as intended sort of it is a bit smalli didn't have issues with corners as some didcantankerous cat still manages to spread litter about though
they just love them cant go with out them , no more poop smell when they give all them kiss thank you
my dogs love the alligator whimzees , but for some reason were not as excited about these . i think they are a good dental treat .
i have bought six of these in varying sizes . they do help keeping the mess down , especially with my messy st bernard .
my 4 dogs go crazy for these . i have small dogs , and they eat and digest these treats just fine . would recommend these for most dogs .
ollie my brothers . dog . love's . toy he . chews . every toy he owns up . so for ollie has not . torn this toy apart
this toy is nice because it doesn't hurt my dog's teeth when he catches it . it's also washable and easy to throw far . my dog loves it .
well made toy and my cockatiel seems to enjoy it . i like how the discs spin to make it a bit more interactive for them .
it's interactive fun for me & kitty , but not his favorite toy ... the metal cat charmer is still his favorite !
this is a great toy , my puppy loves to chew on it and throw it in the air . i just wish that i bought a bigger size .
these leashes are great . they are very sturdy and comfortable . very attractive design with a nice thick , quality leather . great ! ! !
perfect size to for my chihuahua puppy to stay when we needed to leave the house to keep her out of trouble
the best substrate i have used for tarantulas . doesn't mold , can be used dry or moist . it also looks good .
i had purchased several other brands that did not work well.this one is just great and very clear and visible.would order other supplies from this person without any doubts .
my dog really likes her crate especially with the 3 piece surround kit ( bought seperatley ) nice construction and will last a long time .
another plato organic treat that my dogs love . would recommend this to anyone . if you have smaller dogs you can break the pieces in half .
since feeding 1 of these each night , my doxie's diarrhea and vomiting have stopped . that's all i was hoping for .
these are really just amazing.takes a lot of the hassle out of scooping.aaa + +
very well made & durable . i used this for my puppy & my mom's puppy and had no problems . i like how it has 2 doors .
it is a good fit on my little yorkie . he blends in well with the rest of the hunters in michigan .
a great treat along with the actual stuff'n and it never gets old since our puppy still gets excited each time we fill the kong .
our dogs look forward to brushing there teeth with these tasty treats your dogs will love them too and you
our aussies love this toy ! we have to put it up when we are done playing or it will be destroyed like the hide-a-hedgehog toy .
my doberman loves it . they can be easily broken into small pieces , so they can last longer and great for training .
these are a great duo plus you get a free scoop . i use them for my bunny food and bedding and they keep things neat and nice .
just the best dry food for my little yorkie - the only one i buy .
the dog loves these toys , they are tough and fun . fit his 21 lb size well . easy to clean in the machine also .
she loves to play with & in it , a lil cat nip , laid on its back with flap clicked open . delighted .
my dog is in love with this toy . it's her size and she takes it everywhere .
one cat loves them , the other doesn't . not sure if they need them but as they age i want them to get all the nutrients they need .
i have not owned a better shedding comb . perfect for getting the under coat and works very well to remove extra hair .
easy to install , dogs do not get their heads through it ( but i have big dogs ) , keeps dogs safely in the rear cargo area .
my thirteen-year-old standard poodle has gotten to be a very picky eater . she is way underweight so i feed her anything she will eat . she loves these .
results are awesome if used with high quality dog food sleek athletic muscular bodies considerable conditioning product results as described
great product . fast delivery . i don't know what i would do with my four house dogs in my house without this product !
perfect for my canine training class . does what it says  . clicks when you press . not sure what else i could say !
there really isn't a need for reviews . this is the only test kit you should buy . it is accurate and easy to use .
i pay a little more money at a local store for a much smaller container.all of my cats enjoy this " nip " .
i replaced an older grooming kit with this one . from the first use , grooming is much faster and easier . i use it on a cat .
this ball is actually manufactured by jolly , purchased 2 and both my pups love it . some balls ordered in the past were knock offs .
they didnt work too well for me . they slowed the flow of my filter from the get go and didnt take long to clog up .
this is a well made kong extreme toy . i would highly recommend it . it is made for the strongest chewing dogs and its holding up nicely !
puppies love it ! ! ! they carry it n their mouths n play with it a lot ! luv that brand of toys ! will buy them again .
i dont eat it but my dog and cats love it . easy to give for a treat and not sticky crumbly or oily .
this conditioner smells awesome and i notice a decrease in shedding with all of my dogs after using this product
my ferret absolutely loves this stuff she will beg for it . i strongly suggest this to anyone who has a ferret they will love it
looks like a lemon and its big , the cats love the catnip , they beat it up and kick it with their back feet .
this is our second one . we have a medium for every day use and now the smaller one for traveling and use in other rooms when needed .
i heard good things about these bones , especially for puppies . i can see how that could be the case , unfortunately , my new pup wasn't interested
has a nice lavender smell and at the same time it's not overpowering . thin bags but they are very durable !
my dog actually loves this . my cat is ok with it but is still a kitten & wants to play with them more than anything else
definitely perfect for quicked nails on dogs by emergency . i always try to avoid quicking , but it's a fast solution if it happens .
i gave as gift.it think they liked it . no complaints . i assume it works well . i have nothing else to say
my beagle loves her spot's stew in all the flavors . great quality for my baby girl :) subscribe and save some money !
my two cats are definitely charmed by this . i like it because i don't have to worry about hitting other surfaces when twirling fleece fabric .
but i am sure other cats can go crazy for them . the material is fine , though i think they should cost $ 3 .
i give my two dogs with hip dysplasia this every morning . just break it up in some cheese with some fish oil .
my puppy loved them . so i ordered the get naked puppy sticks but he does not like them like he does these .
my laekenois loves this bone . i'm a bit afraid he might damage his teeth , so i don't let him chew on it for extended periods of time .
great value for the size of bag and filled with many treats.great price . great product . fresh and tasty treats--my dogs would dance aroundwhen i'd pull out bag .
really nice product but not big enough for 3 lb yorkie puppy . i would recommend it for any tiny pups for sure .
didn't get to observe first hand , but my father reports his cat has very much enjoyed playing with this toy .
we bought a couple kong dogs toys . they love them all and they are built so sturdy the dogs can't tear them up .
don't know that they live up to the hype but they are really darn cool . definitely thick but as absorbent as they say ... don't think so .
these are a much needed item for your drinkwell fountains . especially if you live in the city like me and need to filter the water before drinking it .
my cat seems to like the food , but i noticed after i started feeding her this , she farts a lot and it smells really bad !
my pom really loves this toy . it has been one of his 3 faves since it came . he even takes it to bed with him .
a little hard to assemble and the ball gets stuck sometimes , but my cat loves it and its cute to watch
cannot beat the price . they stay sharp . they don't munch . they are light . i use them exclusively on my little pekepoo
a must for a deep tank 2 or more feet deep where you need the filtration . i always keep one on hand in case it cracks .
odd texture , dog not interested unless it has treats in it which are difficult to put in , one small hole and one large .
this let me extend my aqua clear filter for my tall tank so i could clean more towards the bottom of the tank .
all 3 of my dogs-pom , yorkie , rat terrier , love these . i just received my 2nd order . wish these were on sub . and save .
i would love it if it would work . it will not make a sound and that disappoints me .
it wasn't my pups most favorite toy ... and he tore it to shreds , but it was a good play for him while it lasted .
this bowl is cute and of nice quality . it's hard to say much more about a product that just works .
within three hours my three cats had torn the mouse from the cord so not really happy with this toy
the belt slips off private parts when my dogs are laying down . it seems to be to narrow . they are well made and may work for others .
i've tried all the treats , the squeeze cheese , real peanut butter , etc . they work at it a bit , then ignore it .
i have several of these for both my cats and my dogs , and love the way they work ! these are awesome !
as with most fancy feast products , my three cats loves this one . another no waste fancy feast item . excellent service .
seems to work well and get my dog's attention when he is in the backyard and i want him to come indoors .
good toy but too big for my rott , maybe she will grow into it.built to last for a long time .
i is a very small bag was upset about that and really did not like it was scared the hamsters would die with it
my cats love purina fancy feast gourmet cat food with savory chicken and turkey . i will buy this product again and again .
product is nice and small for smaller dogs , handle is pretty simple otherwise would have given a 5 star review .
it's ok . not sure if it really help . would recommend it to others . nothing else to add just try it and see
our little cheese attacked the trim and had part of it off within minutes . i don't think any toy is indestructible !
my dog loves these and i love her fresh breath ! i buy the mini and the strips . good value for the money .
love the smaller size for clipping between toes . the curved edge protects you pet due to any sudden movement . great
i have a very hyper lab and these seem to calm him down without knocking him out.they are also natural which is a plus .
these are the replacement filters for the water bowl as listed . come in box of 3 individually wrapped . easy to replace
my kitties didn't take to this yet . still trying . i hate that the wire thing is hard to manuever too . it's boring .
my hamsters chew on these things like crazy . they go quickly so make sure you buy a few bags of them .
my golden retriever loves this orbee luna ball . it is a strong , well made product . i will buy more and i'll send them as gifts .
good product for the price , tetra products are generally a good bet ! i purchase other tetra products for my aquariums too .
these may be smaller but they are better for your dog then pig ears . my dog asks for these lammmy ears all the time .
i really like this and so does my puppy it's very very small and she likes to hide it and can chew it well
too large for a cat , so i had to throw it away as it just wasn't of any use for its intended victim .
solid toy . dogs do not really care about it . maybe when they are older i can reinterduce the toy again .
my dog has food allergies and restrictions . these came recommended by a friend and they certainly suit the needs of my little dog .
dogs love ' em ! ! i mix the treats in their dog food and they wolf it down within a minute .
these treats come in a bag that can be resealed to keep the treats fresh . my greyhound loves the taste and they are gentle on her stomach .
i buy this here cause it is lower in cost then the stores.the bigger pellets do not track all over the floor .
my puppy loves these . good price for 7 bully sticks . she has a pretty sensitive tummy too - but these don't seem to upset it at all .
this leash is great quality and is holding up well so far . i love the traffic handle for when i'm walking my service dog in tighter areas .
my puppy loves this toy . the knots did come undone rather quickly , tho , leaving just string , so beware of that .
unfortunately , all three of my 13 year old kitties refused to eat these after only two or three treats .
our birds love these suet cakes . we many different birds that love this suet including woodpeckers . the packages are easy to open . would recommend .
i got these for my one cat that has dental issues . he loves them and i do think it helps keep his teeth clean .
there are better , more adjustable hole models out there . i prefer this one , hagen catit treat ball , blue , much better !
i love the sherpa pet carrier so i thought i'd order these liners as they were the correct size while they were available .
this is really big and heavy enough to withstand the power of a large / big dog and last longer than just a few minutes or a few days .
a bit stiff but definitely keeps the co2 from escaping . we used this for our co2 system in our planted aquarium .
great fit , looks way nicer than the stock hood that came with the tank . like the plastic that can be trimmed to fit your accessories .
made very well and my bigger bengal and the smaller one trade off . i am glad i made the purchase and recommend it .
my cats loved this ! use it for scratching but also as a bed ! i would definitely recommend this for anyone looking for something for their cats .
my dogs love them , almost too much , they only last a day most of the time . i have to take them away to make them last !
great to have on hand when and if your pump goes out . it is the exact one that is used so you know it will fit .
altho this is well made , it didn't spark the cat's interest for very long . would not recommend as a cat toy !
got the playpen mat for this and very happy with them . it gives a place for small animalies to play and keeps them from getting under a couch .
kongs rule in our house . we fill them with peanut butter mixed with crunched up biscuits for hours of fun for our dogs
it really works ! ! and it smells nice . my puppy hasn't " accident-ed " in the same place twice .
this ball works great for the chuckit launcher .. however if your dog is used to tennis balls , these are smooth and harder to pick up
you cant beat this price anywhere . it was great quality dog food and was given two paws again buy my dog . would definitely buy again .
always a winner with little puppy teeth , can't beat these for the little puppy chewy heads , they love them ! great .
this seems to be helping slow down our golden retriever down when she eats . it seems to be weighted enough to stay on her tray
he can't get enough of iti lost weight working out with him doing this than in gym really believe it or not
my dog loves the taste and it keeps her busy , which is great ! i will be trying other flavors as well !
just use the bag . the charcoal makes the tank cloudy , dirty , and the charcoal sits on the gravel . works great without the charcoal !
i bought this for my dog who has leaking issues . i have been using it for about 5 days . it seems to be helping .
this is a great product from a great company that is prompt in filling the order and quick shipping
this is a ' every now & then ' treat but whenever we bring one out , both of my daughter's bunnies eagerly await their treat . :)
this is my dogs favorite toys ! i had to buy a second one to have one both outside and inside !
my dog likes these a lot . they last a long time and she enjoys them . i am happy with my purchase .
i have big dogs , believe me they were gone in just a short time the dogs really loved them and were begging for more !
i don't know if its accurate but it works as advertised . my fish havent complained so far if that helps .
great squeakers , we use them to give a second life to the dogs toys . we are also saving money on buying dog toys !
i wish we didn't have to write so much . i said the cat likes it what more can i say ? good ingredients - good for cats .
i've used this salt before though and it didn't seem to make any difference in the tank . some fish can't tolerate any salt , so do your research .
ordered these to use with a petsafe wireless fence for my dog . returned that ; so , i didn't need the replacement batteries .
my dogs love this toy ! so far it's holding up great ! i love that it comes with a " refill " . great price ! awesome entertainment .
molly ate when i first put it into her food then after 4 days she would not eat her food
these toys are awesome . they hold up well against tough dogs . even when the stuffing is removed the toys continue to hold up well .
i think the kitties at my house are going to love this almost as much as they now love their kong squirrel :)
turkey and giblets is a winner at my house for my 4 cats . they never tire of this flavor . and amazon's price is great .
lead is well made and not too heavy . it has reflective stitching , too ! recommend for puppies and dogs up to 45 pounds -
my dog wont eat anything with this on it and my cat wont go near it - dont waste your money .
my cats are so busy giving the cat food the thumbs ub they cannot type the comments ! but maybe when they're done eating ...
it seems to have more appeal to me than my dog ! she liked the rope ball better . ( lab pointer mix . )
my cat loves it and i love how its also it makes her coat shiny . i will always stick to purina .
works well to feed brine shrimp or other liquid type foods ! have not used the tip to feed larger objects to this point !
these clickers have been reliable so far and do not seem to bother me or my dog when i use them .
was not impressed with this and will not buy it again just paying for the name and i will not do that
no problem getting the dogs to take their medications.they consider them a treat .. easy to use whole for larger dogs or small pcs for the smaller ones .
i guess it is doing it's job , the fish are eating off the ball , i have two in my 55 gallon and works fine .
finally , something that works . no more plastic , no more trying to thread screwed up threads . very satisfied customer
nice and sharp , cuts my dogs nails with ease . i highly recommend these clippers .
plants love it . still going good . will buy same thing when this one burns out . have on timer 12 on 12 off . not sure lifespan .
before i bought this my cat would trail litter everywhere . now he has his own " door mat " to wipe his feet on .
my cat is terrified of it , but he liked the toys that came with it .
i use this large size bowl as a water dish for cats . they prefer a bowl large enough that their whiskers don't touch the side of the bowl .
my gsd sheds like crazy . the furminator helps to pull that loose hair out before she leaves it all over the house .
these stairs do not fit together at all . also the angle coming down is quite dangerous.would not recommend these at all ..
they work i wish they were a bit thicker , im hoping there claws done rip threw this ,
reasonably priced and necessary for your brand of filter in your aquariums . i use fluval for most of my filters .
you can use grass seeds and reuse it over and over again . its easy to clean . pretty durable for the price.and my cats love it .
i own several of these ... they are awesome . my dogs love to hide up under there during chilly months as well as year round .
great product but did not work for my purposes . returned . i think it is more designed for an suv rather than a sedan .
so much better then having to worry about the dog getting into the bag and tearing it open . we should have gotten this way sooner .
my dog , molly loves them . as long as she likes them - - that is good enough for me . personally , i have never tried one .
hasn't broke , hasn't lost suction , seems accurate ... i don't have 12 more words to say about it . i would buy again .
slightly disappointed after reading all the positive reviews on here about this product . it worked no better than anything else we've tried .
i have a pointer lab mix , who loves this dental sticks . i have not noticed any odor from his mouth after using this product .
after using this spray for my yorkshire terrier , her hair became dry and not silky so i am not using it any more .
this carbon works great in the aquaclear filter . my tank stays clean and clear and my fish stay healthy and happy .
my dog loves to chew and the nylabone products are her favorite pastime . going to be a great stocking stuffer for her .
smells good , does not seem to brother the dogs eyes or anything . i would highly recommend this product , to anyone with a new pup !
this is a very well made shampoo brush , but i personally would prefer a full handle as it would be a little easier to hold on to.bb
constructed very well , and durable . my cat fits perfectly , and its a nice looking carrier as well ! im sure it will last a long time .
this bowl is extremely well made and really helped my dog slow down on his eating . so glad i purchased it !
5 - month-old puppy loves this ! it seems to help with the teething and keeps the little one away from chewing other things . great item , durable .
this bed is soft and the perfect size for a small crate . the puppy seems to really enjoy it . i would recommend for smaller dogs .
did not fit my dog even though i purchased the recommended size . it is not dog friendly as stated .
im glad i find yis toy on her for my cat.she ejoys playing with this bunny she also loves to use for a pillow /
both my cats love it , as do i because of the lack of inferior ingredients . i plan to stick with this brand .
cat loves it and played on it immediately . he loves to sleep in the house couldn't find him for awhile and that where he was .
she loves these things and takes her time chewing them up . perfect size for her ( she is currently 13 lbs )
my cats loved these , got two of them ! they were christmas kitty gifts ! came filled with lots of catnip and kept the kitties busy playing !
this leash is great for when you need to keep your dog close in crowds or passing other dogs and the perfect length for training .
i liked it well enough at the beginning , but it fell apart on me after about 6 months . my long haired cat tolerated it fairly well ..
a healthy dry cat food that my cats love the taste of . i did a lot of research and this was the best dry cat food out there .
this is the best fitting harness for our little girl . she is a bit chuck , especially in the chest area and this fits here perfectly .
this pet barrier is easy to install and adjustable so you can use it in any size van or suv .
i really like this product & the 3 - pack is a good value for me . the litter genie works awesome . i'm also trying the auto-ship .
nice size and adorable ! sadie will have fun with this , santa had enough stuff for her . this gift was an added extra .
this is an excellent alternative to giving my dog drugs . this item is very effective for my dog . they are no side effects in my dog ,
they are a bit costly and pet not like the sweet potato she just ate the chicken off . i love the canister they came in thanks .
midnight really loves it wake me up every morning scatching on it make me laugh that hi's way to get me out of bed .
my puppy dog will be into this stick for at least 1 hour . she thinks it's the very best and so does mommy !
love this food . i have finally found a weight management dog food that doesnt taste like card board to my goldens . they love it ! !
my two boxers love this toy . the only thing is they fight all day over it . i guess i should have bought two .
thought it would be bigger , my smallest cat hardly fits in it , not worth the money but will say it's nice and thick .
does the job . i have a three pound pup . could hold pee for a week if you let it . eco friendly .
i believe the filter does it's job , but it becomes pricey when following the recommended change times . would recommed it
so far it seems to be working . i just hope it continues to ! ! ! if it continues to work i plan to purchase more
love them , i got two of them for my cats . my vet recommended ceramic food dishes and the cats love them .
dog loves it . easy to wash . love watching our pup play with the toy . it's versatile , has no stuffing to worry about and 2 squeakers .
sleek , modern , powerful , awesome design.light years above my old biowheel in bulk , noise , and function.great price , buy this one ! ! !
i have been using the powder mixed in there dog food for months now , and it really makes a big difference
my cat was instantly rubbing all over this and still uses it constantly . one of the best cardboard style scratches i've purchased .
this toy is for a very young , small puppy , not an older puppy who likes to chew . i wouldn't buy it again
i was still able to grow ; duckweed , water sprite and hornwort with this light . its electricity savings are just worth it.was a 20 gallon tall tank .
this worked on my young dogs paws within 2 weeks . and it's safe because it's natural.packaged very well . great price . prompt delivery .
these are great scissors . very sharp and easy to use on those small hairs around a bichons eyes . good purchase for . e .
good for occasional use . our cats prefer other toys . da bird and da mouse both get and keep our cats attention .
we built a cat tree over two years ago and used this on the bottom section . it has been well used and held up well .
it works and my cats like it , been buying it for a while already , very happy and seems my cats as well .
tons of food for a good price . plus , the pellets are small for bettas who have trouble swallowing bigger pieces .
my puppy loves this . the squeeky in the head is great but what makes this different is the braided body which is great for him to chew on .
this cat collar has been staying on our cat , while another we ordered similar to this came off almost immediately .
bea loves these . peanut butter is one of her favorite flavors . great size . i use them for her dessert.good price too
my dogs love these . they even float in water . my dogs have chewed through nylabones and other kong products but so far this one hasn't budged .
if you want a rugged toy for your large dog , this is the one . made very well like all kong toys i havepurchased in the past .
when you have kittens you need something safe like this for them to teeth on and ours love playing with and chewing on these .
works great just like it says it does ! ! ! would buy again ! !
i use this in conjunction with vetericyn eyewash . i use the eyewash first and then the gel . it really helps my poodle's eyes and tear stains .
came promptly . the multiple textures entertained my pup for hours ! wish it had lasted a little longer , but those puppy teeth are vicious !
worked for awhile , but then everything started collecting mold despite us keeping it clean so it became a chore and a health hazard just to keep running .
but fuzzy prefers the salmon primavera to the yellowfin tuna . however , toto ( aka totolicious ) loves it . i have to keep writing until i reach 20
i haven't had any fleas with fiproguard , but i've been picking lots of ticks off a couple of my big black dogs .
we buy them often and will continue . our cats love these more than any other toys . they wear well too .
my dogs love chewing on these treats and keeps them from chewing on things they are not supposed to = not messy
despite a little discoloration this is a perfect product . during the summer months my dog stretches out on this thing all day ! would definitely recommend .
it was the wrong filter but it did the job until i found the correct ones ... keeping them for emergency purposes
works as it should - 1 star for bulk but still worth the money . would buy again if i ever have the need
love the sweater but the color is more purple than red . wanted a red and white sweater for christmas but still the sweater is adorable .
got this as a sleeping area instead of the wheel . come to find out it because a birthing place for 3 litters .
the scissors are perfect for getting near tender parts of puppy without worry of sharp points causing harm . trim without fear .
my cat loves this toy and plays with it every day . the middle scratcher was the first thing he used when i brought him home .
the dogs really love the sweet potato fries , but since this product is from china , i am hesitant to give this product to them anymore .
i love the product but not as much as my dog , she cant get enough . they really motivate her to sit .
this is good stuff because it helps keep your dog's and cat's teeth cleaner and you have to have fewer dentist appointments .
well priced and well made - - i want to get another one son - - gt this one for a puppy customer . would buy again .
colors were more muted than the picture . seems to be sturdy , zipper opens along entire short side of the bed . the dachshund approves .
elvina and fella get this as a treat in the evening . gingerlily usually steals part of it . i rotate among the flavors .
merrick's puppy is absolutely great . my new golden retriever to it from day one . no gi problems from changing from the food the breeder was using previously .
i didn't end up using these because everything arrived too late , so i had to purchase another pen at a pet store but the quality was good .
good dog seat belt with harness to protect my dog when we are traveling with him . the shipping was fast and came as described .
having had aquariums most of my life , i must say this whisper and it's bio bags are great ! easy to replace--great price ! ! !
cool toy , but my cat takes it apart and run away with the wond . undercover mouse and da birdy are beter for my cats
these are great for training treats . i don't feed for primary meals . i don't like giving treats with fillers , these are great !
my dog loves all the kong toys he has including this one . you can't go wrong with kong . love it .
there are double squeakers in this toy . all 3 of our dogs are fans . if it keeps them happy and content , i'm happy !
my cats like this , they don't play with it all the time but two of my cats in particular really do like it .
this is a long well made heater . it's made of glass so be careful . the heating is even and true to temp .
i used a retractable leash before and this one is much better . great support and very durable ! ! i will order another
the fish bone design is cute . the bowls are not big , but good enough for our 2 kittens . the quality is great too .
yes , my cats liked this for a little bit--a few weeks but now ... nothing . little disappointing since i had higher expections for this !
works well . easy to read in very bright light . so sad people skimp on this but spend so much on other sw items ( like corals ) .
all flavors of feline greenies are much appreciated in this five cat home ... they come running when they hear the bag crinkle .
this product was not for us . we live on a hill and when used the containment area fluctuated . we returned this product .
the stainless steel eating surface cleans easily . the cat enjoys eating out of the bowl's shallow confines . recommended for all cats and dogs .
this is his favorite flavor of the blue buffalo offerings . it smells fine and he seems to think it tastes fine .
i use on my dog almost everyday . it doing good for her . i like the easy spray bottle and what in the med.thank you
i have used these a number of years and prefer them to those boxes that need washing or the robot . less odor . happy cats .
these toys are good and tough ! my little papillon chews through most of his toys quickly and these survived so far !
for some reason i expected this to have a bit more bulk . my dog showed some interest but hasn't played with it much .
zukes greens are much better than this product - plus it has stuff i didn't recognize in it.my dogs love zukes greens !
pretty convenient treat pouch ! not the best pouch but the most important this is that it works like it's supposed to !
save your money , i've tried this for a week now in different positions in my yard and my dog and the neighbor dog still bark . very disappointed .
they really play with these and enjoy them ! i think i will buy some more soon . i love the pretty colors and and sounds they make !
i've had no trouble with these keeping an accurate temperature reading . you can turn the display off and switch from c to f as needed .
my kittens love this tunnel ! ! it is well worth the purchase price and is very well constructed . i highly recommend this one ! ! : )
my dog chews everything to bits - except this dinosaur nylabone . he loves it . i wish i had gotten two of them .
i purchased the harness and it's matching leash . both items are excellent quality and apple green is a great color .
my 16lb morkie loves this and even though she is hard on toys she hasn't torn it up yet . good interactive toy for a small dog .
i know my fish appreciate that i always have this handy . it helps them heal much faster and prevents infection . plus it is totally compatible with purigen .
this brush is very small and not too stiff . maybe it is meant for cats ? ?
mine doesn't look like what is pictured but my 9 week old loves this little thing . squeaker on both ends and its been great during his new teething .
a laser light toy for a cat . i will keep tryingbut i believe my baby kitty was looking at melike she thought i am crazy .
i use it for when i have to clip my baby birds , that i raise , nails for dna sexing test . stops the bleeding super fast !
i use this in my 10 gallon with a betta and oto ! it keeps it perfect tempt and having no problems with it .
my newfie managed to not only figure out the " puzzle " but also to completely destroy this toy in under a day .
mustn't be the right one for my pet fountain but i rigged it with velcro and now the cats can't take it and run off with it .
our cats love these mice . they barely last a month in the house and we have to put a new one on.disclosure : i bought this .
my dogs love grandma lucy's products . they are a great option for daily meals and all you do is add water . dogs lick their bowl clean .
exceptional quality . quiets any vibrations . catches water overage from the dogs lapping up the water . very pleased w / this product .. excellent
this is made well and my teacup fits nicely . i do recommend this carrier . it's also pretty . my favorite color .
includes the beef flavor in the non-fish version of this food . the cats love it , and the dogs look forward to licking the cans .
the smell is awesome , nice feel on coat , and my dog gave me the " oh yeah " smile very good on skin .
ok but i have a hard time getting the thing to just do a straight beam ... and the cats really are not impressed at all (
great product . you don't have to use a lot to get them full and their coats glow and ingredients are spot on .
fantastic ! pups loves it . he has not been able to chew it up . yah !
i love being able to get two for the price of one where i live . i now have friends ordering them for their cats .
saves the hassle of having to bathe the entire cat when only the paws and face need to be cleaned .
our dog , amber , totally loves these . she hungrily crunched them down . highly recommended . i'm sure your dog will really love them !
i have ordered these several times and my bichons love them . helps keep their teeth clean and keeps them busy . good price , good quality .
kelly loved this toy . she knew whe you said get your squirrel what toy to get , now she'e gone over the rainbow .
this is the best shedding brush i have bought.this brush / comb works the way it suppose to.so glad i bought it
our cat likes this , she generally plays with it until the mouse wears out . she plays with it less now but still does on occasion .
i like this product because it helps my dog as he hates his baths , but , it sure makes him bearable smell good before next bath
my dogs did not really like these . i have purchased the dingo sticks and they were much preferred . i believe they did not like the " mintz "
i haven't tasted these , the dogs loved them , the one dog goes over by the treat door and whines for them . they like them so much
sturdy build and can easily hold my 12 lb cat with still plenty of room to maneuver around inside when closed .
this smell cannot be healthy , especially in a closed car . i haven't even taken it out of the box but will return it .
as long as i smash up the chunks in it . i like the nutritional value of the product and it's a good value for the money .
my cat has an area that's always dry and itchy and this really helps her from being so tender in that area
i have purchased this brand before and my dog loves it . i love it because so far she has been unable to destroy it .
i've used advantage for years . it works better than all the others i've tried . my dogs are all flea free and happy .
this toy is great for my dog . she knows how to pull them out . it's very funny to watch her .
this isn't my dog's favorite chew toy , but i see him choose it often . it's durable and a fun shape . i would buy it again .
does the job but changing to the less expensive brand which works just fine - also available on amazon.com
my silver lab enjoyed playing with this and then promptly destroying it . i'd say it lasted 3 weeks . maybe that's the typical life expectancy of these guys .
i like the product . it is lightweight , and have used it in the rain . let's say it works well because we scored 98 in tracking
these last forever and are half the price of buying this size in the store . my dog understands english when he knows i have one in my hand .
cat would not go near it . sometimes i think there may be a certain smell that we can't smell , but they can . returned .
this crate fits my poms needs perfectly . it's inside all the time so no rust issues . it's her home so not much else to say .
highly recommended if you love your kitties . gotta use 11 more words . not sure what else to say . love it .
this stuff works a lot better than any carpet clean spot remover , just spray it on and wipe the stain out !
my cat loves this toy . for such an inexpensive little catnip toy , it sure brings a lot of pleasure to her .
my dog loves this snack . he cannot eat many snacks , but this one is mild for his stomach . love it for my dog .
i love the quality of this item and i immediately felt the difference . my pup is a different dog in this harness .
disappointing ... most of my dogs weren't too interested in it . but it was highly recommended by a friend , and her dog loved it .
great treats - easy to break into smaller pieces and just freeze dried meat my cat loves them highly recommend this product
our pup loves these but they are really smelly compared to other treats . we may try to go for more pleasantly scented treats from now on .
have used better ear cleaner but it does the job . dogs don't seem to mind it it has a very strong odor though .
my long haired cat sheds a lot and this works great to get to that undercoat . she's been throwing up hair balls less since i started using it .
my overweight cat losing weight nicely and he enjoys the taste . i would recommend this brand if you have an obese cat .
my kitties love this flavor . the can is the same size as friskies brand . the food stays moist throughout the day .
these work but i wish they where a little quilted they don't last along time but the price was good
awesome product , gets deep in there to remove the dead hair & reduces shedding for weeks ! love it love it love it
the clicker does get the dog's attention , you must be ready with follow up and directions
this suet hanger is easy to open and easy to hang.it makes a great addition to my bird feeders . the green color blends with nature .
this dish doesn't slip on the floor . i like that i can pop the metal piece out and wash it . the plastic part is durable .
i have not yet tried the tuna flavor yet but i will keep you updated on her reaction to these " greenies " .
this is great ! i have no problemim hoping this leash will last a long time ! its super sturdy and safe !
my cat will not eat these . he can't even tell they are edible . he just walks past them . i gave them away .
this did not roll and my dog immediately chewed the handle off . this was a big waste of money for me ,
we are using this with a ceramic lamp suspended over a reptile tank & it seems to be reasonably robust .
absolutely love this bowl for my cat . quick shipping and great price . perfect size for any size cat within 5 - 15 lbs .
these are awesome and lasts for months upon months ! buying multiple packs saves me the headache of using regular bags as an alternatives , definitely worth it !
the leader is a good length for our dog . the latch to operate the leash takes some practice otherwise it's a good leash !
did not like them , hiding them all over the place , so not going to do this with the nutty dog . he did not like them
my dogs love these dog beds . they wash nicely and hold their shape . they like the soft sides . they are also nice looking .
needed - change once a week . i bought the stainless steel fountain and it needs thoroughly cleaning - - and , these need changed regularly .
i have a 10 month german shepherd malinois mix and this cone is too small for her . unfortunately i have to return it . good quality and construction .
easy to chew supplement and my cat loves the flavor . i gives her immune system a boost while satisfying her appetite .
got this last year and worke great thus buying again , am impressed and comfortable with this as i have tried other product that does nothing ,
this item and many other are gifts i purchased for the animal shelter in my hometown .. they said the dogs loves these ...
dogs love these and have them gone in one bite . need to offer a larger size of this product for bigger dogs .
within 15 minutes my boston terrier had removed the squeaker and basically destroyed the whole thing . i wouldn't recommend get a kong toy instead .
looks really cute on him and i am glad i bought it . it works well and seems to be made well too .
kitties love them , even my cranky , picky coon cat who won't eat anything with fish in it , plus love the tooth and health benefits .
the little one's get fat on them so i have to make sure the bigger pup's do not set them down . excellent treat .
the cats got bored with this as soon as the catnip was gone . the corner scratcher keeps them coming back , but this didn't .
my dog ended up ripping this up ( oh well ) but for the 3 days it was in his crate , he seemed to enjoy it !
puppy does not like this but i think the dryer works well . i like the different settings and noise levels . i haven't tried the stand yet .
chewed ends with in couple of weeks . would like to have replaced with large goodie dog bone to see if would last longer .
my cats eat this easily and that's the purpose ! i only wish they made small covers to keep the amount not used at one time , safe .
didn't do well with our year old lhasa . she chewed right through it ! it's cute , it fun , but didn't last long ~
our mini dachshund wouldn't even give this toy a second look . maybe it just didn't appeal to her so we'll pass it on to another dog lover .
our standard poodle tends to get way too excited and barks at everything when we get home from somewhere . this really seems to help .
we foster cats and they like to use this scratcher and enjoy batting the toy inside of it . i have several scratchers around and this is priced right .
have 2 cats . very pickey about their food . they only eat friskies , even the outdoor cat that adopted our family eats friskies
effective in controlling certain helminths and worm infections in mammals . reduction of such vector infections in a contaminated animal or human with monthly use .
i bought this because i'm tired of being caught buying 8 oz at a time . in the long run , the bulk offering is way cheaper .
this is a nice mat , but it is too big for my kitten and even an adult cat . they need a smaller version for small animals .
small and squeaky . sturdy enough for a small dog ' . it is easy to chew on but little teeth most likely will not demolish it .
i thought these would be a great toy for my cat , but i guessed wrong . he's never even given them a second look .
easy to use , convenient and well worth the money to eliminate odor . i'm glad i bought this and i would definitely recommend .
our puppy smells great after bath time and is so soft the next day ! i wish we could use this on him everyday !
you can roll or throw these ball on the floor and watch your cat chase after them until she catches them and hits them around the room .
awesome little filter . very nice flow good enough that a betta can swim around the tank without the filter bothering him . price is nice and worth it .
this thing is extremely sharp and will cut my 80 lb shepherd nails like butter . which helps a lot since he becomes agitated when his nails are handled .
wonderful cat toy . my cats are entranced by it . my only " complaint " is that they want to play all day and my arm gets tired !
first time ordering these bones but my dogs loved them . i like to give them a change and i would get these again for them .
compared to other training treats , isn't gooey , smelly , or melts . perfect for training and i highly recommend . best of luck
i've been buying this product for a few years and my kitties like it a lot . that in itself is a great endorsement . i highly recommend it .
the size is perfect for my 60 lb dog . i am very impressed . she likes them too . carries them around all the time .
my cats like this flavor . i like it too because their breath smell like vanilla and mint . no more fishy breath !
my dogs are therapy dogs and visit almost every day - i like being able to make their breath minty fresh ... and so do they !
my dogs loved them but destroyed them in a matter of minutes . they are miniature longhaired dachshund . i keep hoping i can find something they won't demolish !
he is a chewer & this toy is almost as loved as one of his bones , , , and far prettier to look at ,
these bones are excellent , my dogs love them , play and be entertained for a long time
my fish didn't like it very much in the beginning . it seems to be growing on them however . price is good though !
i bought a different one last year , and my dogs love the sounds it makes . very cute ! highly recommend it .
this was a gift for others who have little dog paws that require trimming . easy to use and get the refill bands . its worth it .
my cat does not like it . this purchase was not worth it for my cat . he would rather sit in an empty box .
okay , i buy them and she eats them . they are easy on my girl's digestive system and don't bother her allery-wise . win-win .
seems like good stuff & appeared to be working well . unfortunately my dog died from a stroke before i could fully evaluate this product .
so far this toothpaste appears to work well for my kitties . they do not mind the beef flavored taste either
tried this with 2 different cats . it did nothing to " calm " them . it was just an expensive hassle . threw them out ..
reflective thread isn't very effective since its only on one side and very very thin . otherwise seems the same as an ordinary clip leash and priced similarly .
has all the information i need to have my dog returned to me on a solid metal tag . good size to prevent dangling and clinking .
it was a little hard for my cat to catch de meals from inside . she plays with the ball but the meals are not important for her .
my 2 small 5 lb dogs love these ! we raw feed to giving a treat that is natural and healthy is important to me . these are good !
great fit and my yorkie loves it . easy to put on and she has no problem with walking i love it .
daisy my 10 yr old cat seems to enjoy this producr so i will continue to purchase it for her .
the only complaint i have is that it is not very sturdy , so you can't really put anything on top .
i have bought these before ... my dogs love them and the size so they can carry thema round , their not real big .
the cats liked this , but it was no contest - - they preferred the yellow banana catnip toy by the same maker .
i love these rubber chuckits ! they're super bouncy and no matter how dirty or slimy my dogs make them , they clean right up !
the only thing that disappointed me is i thought it was a soft ball and it is actually a hard plastic ball
i have been using these for years . they are well built but a little expensive .
living in florida , i have used this product for years and will continue to use it . the frontlline arrived on time and was packaged properly .
too hard to get on and they don't work well . i bought a size up and those were still just as impossible to get on . returned .
my dog loves this crate , and it was very easy to put together right out of the box . nice side mesh window and overall well constructed .
no litter in my bed , no clumps of litter on little cat feet . worth every penny , and came with free delivery
i only gave this four stars because the amount of carbon is only enough to last about half what the package states .
my cats love this catnip . i've tried other brands and they didn't seem to respond to it . the cosmic seem more potent ?
our cavalier king charles puppy loves these chews . i like them because they have minimal odor , do not get soggy , and do not make a mess .
i have this pointing at a mangrove growing in a small hang on the back refugium of my marine aquarium , and my mangrove seems very happy
these bully sticks are pretty stinky but my dog loves them . just have to remember to wash my hands after touching them .
my little man loves these but i will not be getting them again . not until i find some made in the usa .
my cat loves this . quality is great and the material is sturdy so i see this box lasting for a while ...
works very well and your dogs coat feels nice and silky smooth and tangle free when used after shampooing . very happy with this product .
these are perfect for my pug who has allergies . they disguise her pills as treats , so she takes them without any fuss !
this never worked at all and was a waste of money better products out on the market since i tried othe ones .
my cats love this product . i've used many of thier stuffed toys , all 4 of my cats love this catnip .
it works perfectly for my little poodle jolie marie her little eyes do not have tear stains and i highly recommend it .
take that you pesky flea . this stuff great for them pesky lil pests . so take that you darn but just take than and dry up .
my dog is a very aggressive chewer and this toy has held up great ! it is made of a very hard plastic .
best price by far . even cheaper than the wholesale catalog my work used . in the dog industry and will by from them again .
my dog liked them as she would always want more , good stuff if you are a dog peanut butter'n blueberry
my dog loves these and i am happy that he gets a high quality snack made in the u . s . a . salmon is healthy for dogs .
this is an accurate and well made product i have recommended it to my friends and will continue to use these myself .
cats like the treats and their fur responds with more gloss and shine . they don't seem to throw up hairball at all now that we use the treats .
i have a parakeet , cockatiel and a small parrot - and the cockatiel size works for all three birds - they all like these nutriberries a lot
these keep the required tags quiet and together . they are secure all the time . lost tags are a big hassle to replace .
love the squeakers but the head ripped off within a minute , although my friend was trying to use it for tug-o-war ...
good size , holds in litter well . not the prettiest , but it keeps the floors mostly litter-free and that's what's important .
my kitten loves the crunchy sound of this ball ! his favorite ! ! he likes to hide it when he leaves the room so he doesn't have to share
placed two ( in case one were to fail ) inline on my air pump and works great . seems a little expensive but ...
my dachshunds destroyed the balls in about two hours . very disappointed , as they were not cheap and a poorly described product
nothing special , my rabbit is a dwarf os the ball is almost bigger than her , but she pushes it around in her cage and chews on the grass
its pricey but it works ! i noticed a big improvement in the color of my dogs eyes and beard . plus she loves the tatse !
this big bag lasts a whole lot longer and i was very glad i ordered it . rarely do they sell it in the supermarkets here .
great bowl for our ravenous dog . really slows him down but now he has figured it out and eats in a circular pattern .
boxer puppy chewed a hole in it within a few hours . had to throw it away .
i have an 8 year old finch and he loves this food . this is one of two that is all he will eat .
very convenient to use for light cleaning . has some difficulty on any curved areas of a tank , but i figured as much when i bought it .
cant complain , the price is good and it worked well for my lab when he out grew his first cage ,
great id for my girl old english mastiff - it matches her collar , leash , travel bed as well as her travel bag . well made and sturdy !
there isn't much to say ... they are decent brushes and the price is right ... this last sentence is just because i needed more words .
my dogs love these treats . they are actually their favorite . i do break them in 1/2 though so they last longer .
my cat likes this taste and it doesn't stink . it has stayed fresh and dry in the zip lock bag .
the clip is easy to open , but sturdy enough to hold onto my dog . the material is solid construction and good stitching . great value .
cute and fun for cat to play with . only one cat plays with it - other cat keeps to herself .
these are one of the cats favorite toys , they love batting them around , carrying them around in their mouths and playing fetch with them !
size was not as pictured . dog has not interest , yet i buy one from the pet store and i cannot get it out of my dogs mouth .
very absorbent pads ! i accidently spilled a large cup of water on a pad once and it soaked it all up !
i have a short haired dog who i could not find a brush that will work on him . he sheds a lot and this tool works great ! !
i need a good size for my pond and this is perfect - i got two one for each side of the pond .
this thing is worth 5x as much as it's sold for . super solid construction , very easy to put into the ground , and works like a charm .
this product works well . i wish the air canisters lasted longer for the price .
the pudge braidz are not the same as braids . my dogs shredded them in a day . it didn't seem like kong toy construction but a cheap knockoff
both of our dogs like this treat ; somuchso , the younger one would very often try to steal same from the older one .
better than advertised , works perfectly , want to help your chemical filtration ? buy ! ! ! again , another two big thumbs up for this ! ! !
i saw a difference in my baby after a week will keep her on this for rest of her life thank you
it is easy to use and change the cartridge . i absolutely would not be without it . does a great job ! ! !
i bought this because of customer reviews , and was very pleased with it . it's the best , after you get a little practice . i recommend it !
our dogs love theses . we had to upgrade our smaller dog to the blue treat ball because it tougher than the small orange treat holder .
my dogs love it i have four dogs and they dont need to eat that much with a little portionis good thank you merrick
ammonia chips and activated carbon in one . 3 lbs for the price of one . i am well pleased . you will be too .
there is not much more to add ! as long as they play with a toy , what is there to argue with !
have applied this to my dog for years . it was recommended by our veterinarian and it works well . highly recommend to others .
my american bulldog loved this toy . he then ate it the next day . would be great for dogs who love tug of war but aren't tough chewers .
this wasn't quite what i was looking for , but it does accomplish what it claims . nice fragrance ; baby porder fresh .
cute little puppy that barks and pants , our shih tzu loves him ! seems to be well made , no rips or tears yet !
they fit perfectly and do a great job to filter my dogs water . the price was great and they arrived very quickly .
this was a great find.my pup loves this ... i wish i could afford more.perhaps we need to go into the woods to find some shed antlers ! !
my older dog needs these & likes them . i mix 2 in her food every night . she is a 13 year old beagle .
my dog loves these and i love them b / c they smell great . and they're great for her too so it's a win / win
for some reason this bag seems a little drier than ones we have gotten in the past , but she still gobbles them up !
our puppies are making the bells ring with their snouts ! they love to see how it moves after they touch it ! makes house training so much easier !
this leash works great . no issues . im a dog walker and have just about held them all , and this is a fairly comfortable leash .
i can only assume that it was delicious ! it was barely on the menu before it was gone ! thank you !
i have bought 4 of these over the years . great product . now if i can just stop forgetting it places ! ! !
i usually mix it with the wet food , same brand , but she will eat it dry ! she comes running when i open the bag .
this is great product for anyone that has turtles . they love it . i have used for about 6 months and will continue to buy .
i can cut without worry of hurting himeven cat does not sit stillperfect for old people whom can't hold straight
we have several cats , this device cuts box cleaning time and leaves the good litter in the box , not on the floor.works very well .
my dogs dont like all of the weruva canned food but they love this . even finicky eaters cant resist it .
best cat litter on the market , wouldn't use anything else . easy on kitty's feet and absorbs smell beautifully . poop easy to scoop , even diarrhea .
my dog hates to have her teeth brushed , fights me tooth and nail , , ... literally . but she actually likes the taste of this toothpaste !
i use occasianally wihen it appears bacteria levels have fallen off . buy the bigger bottle as it more bang for the buck
durable quality are the words to describe this item . my puppy loves this and carries it around everywhere.strongly recommend for strong chewers !
my dog has a delicate stomach so , after trying different foods for a couple of years , she now has settled with this .
both our large dogs love these , and i'm pleased w / the price , so it's been added to the list of must-have doggy treats .
no dust , no awful cheap perfume smell . amazon delivers . most importantly the cats like it and use it . no negatives to this litter at all .
i bought this for my bd and lg and it helps alot i use this by putting it on the crickets and mealworms amd it preaty big to
seem well made and they work great . much less expensive than the local big box pet store . thats all for now .
my dog is doing much better after having a terrible reaction to the pacific stream . i'm sticking with this food for the foreseeable future .
i thought our dog would love these more since they maid a noise . but he doesn't seem very interested with them .
all 6 of my kitties have decided that this is their favorite - i get harrassed when the bowl is empty
good looking colloar , highly reflective . the large fits my big necked 90 pound dog correctly . it's a good , bright orange !
waste of money . good product but poor design in my opinion . constantly has to be tightened . what a shame .
easy to use , easy to change , keeps the water very clean . too bad that the charcoal and pad are combined , but still great .
my wife says it works just fine on her 6 cats . nothing more worthwhile to say about it for now .
the dog loves it and it has held up to his chewing it . i am tired of spending money on dog toys and they break easily .
we have had episodes of elevated liver studies in 2 dogs.this medication brought the levels back to normal.there were no side effects noted .
love these things for my medium sized dog that loves to chew . in the summer we throw them in the pool and she dives in to get them .
nice for fetch , but i can't leave my strong chewer alone with it .
we have put our 2 dogs on this and so far it is working great . it is expensive , but they are worth it .
its a little hard getting it squared up but other than that it is great . good size and made well .
it's hard to find good toys for my cat , but she really seemed to like this tea bag ! the cat nip inside must've really done the trick !
bought this because my res destroyed her last heater . it is great , she can't get to it and she mostly ignores it . overall , really nice .
my dog goes nuts for these ... and it's really nice for training treats .. they're small enough so you can give lots of treats while training .
dogs have better hearing than we do , there's no reason to have a louder clicker than this . been training 30 years ... these are awesome !
way worth the money . i can use this for fry or even fill with bio media and run it as a second hob filter . love this product
sounded like a good idea but turned out to be more throuble than it is worth .
this i use over a small cage for juvenile cockatiels . gives a good source of direct heat without overdoing it . at 60 watts , its also economical .
have used several times and would use again ! anytime there is a flea problem , we use capstar for the doggies and zodiac fogger for the house !
worked fine with my api filstar xp3 . nothing special but it works , no cracks , no leaks , and a tight fit .
this is my dog's very favorite treat ! sweet potatoes are very good for our friends , and are a terrific compliment to the duck breast .
this was a great toy for my dog and keeps him active and engaged . good price and quality of product .
service on order excellent return service excellent also ... product in right size works fantastic ! my mistake ! ! ! makes litter box change a lot easier ,
our cats go crazy for these dried chicken treats . purchase the large bags because you will run out quickly with the small bags .
i hear my dog snoring at night while he is sleeping on the bed - that says a lot :)
our bulldog and shepherd love tug of war and so far this toy has held up impressively ! tuffy toys have proven their value and strength !
it's a filter , it will probably catch your fishes poop , any other questions ? fit's my filstar xp3 well . slim slam dim dam .
purchase one of these and turns out one of my two cats loves it ! wish i could choose which of the 3 i receive .
my big dogs enjoy this and it has not been chewed into a million pieces ! that is success for me .
been using this product for years . my mastif is now 10 years old and still chases sticks like he was a puppy .
high quality item - chew toy is a little too large for my 10 pound dog . otherwise , exactly as described .
misty ( our rescue shepard - terrier mix ) absolutely goes nuts over these treats ! i think she'd do about anything to get one . :)
this is a excellent toy , my rotts cant destroy , i love it ! ! nice toy for the easter play season with my furbabies ! !
these are soft to the touch , strong , and they lock in place so the dog can't slip out by walking backwards . love these leashes .
it does what it was made for . my cats love to stretch up and scratch . doing that a few times a day .
my cat loves these treats and they seem to be helping him out . i am not sure how well they clean his teeth but he really likes them .
it does exactly is posted , worth every penny ! ! both of my conures love to shower with me each and every day ! !
the wires aren't the thickest i've seen , but it's not too bad for the price you pay . having two doors really helps .
my three dogs found nothing interesting with this toy . i don't even they smelled eat . it is worthless . do not buy
neither of my cats had any interest in it , inspite of my repeatedly spinning the mouse around.they found it boring .
fits my 50 - pound pup perfectly . she looks stylish and i don't have to worry about whether or not she's comfortable .
this product delivers everthing as promised . it is awesome . had a terrible problem with fleas and couldnot get rid of them . this product really works ! !
very nice heater we got it for my african cichlid and she has been doing wondrous with it .
my vet recommends these for healthy teeth and this is the cheapest i've found them . my dog loves them and they aren't meat based which is a plus .
same situation as the first one . think i have to also cut them in 1/2 , way to big for my doxie .
good for cats w / o health problems . purina makes good products and the taste is good also . would recommend for healthy cats .
it's a great toy but does not last long . my dogs love it . however , after few times , they destroyed the voice part .
i have a labrador retriever that is very strong and this leash works great and is comfortable on my hands .
nothing to dislike about this product . it definitely works ... my cat is messy with both food and water ! i recommend this product !
purigen rocks . always has , always will . it's fantastic chemical filtration media ! i have these small bags in my hob filters .
my cats love this food ! they will actually eat it before some canned foods . coats / eyes / stools are good on it . definitely recommend .
need to put a better description of sizes . it came and was way to small for my dog . it was a large
works fine but the music box will easily be broken when the dog gets bored . it's cute but a little smaller than i expected .
very nice product great quality , just wish was just a little bigger that is the reason for 4 stars . nice addition to the house
i bought this product to be a brain teaser for my dog during meals , but she couldn't be less interested .
this item doesn't work . it is like using nothing . the puppy still chewed everything . sprayed or not . a waste of money
cats didn't like this catnip they prefer the dollar store brand . i don't why they don't like it they love their yeowww catnip banana .
too heavy for our 90lb german shepherd to play with . hated chewing on it or playing catch with this ball .
this toy will keep your dog entertained for hours . just add some of the dog food in the jug and watch your dog play .
it is ok but paper bedding is better . after this bedding absorb moisture they are very hard to clean off . especially on the corner
like it , not doing this again aswhat can you say about a toy.havn ' t played with it , butam sure my tea cup chihuahuahana will like it .
i buy these for a relatives picky pups and they love them . the quality is consistent and the price is great .
great size for my 30 lb . lapphund . good bounce and not chewed apart yet after a whole month ! will buy other sizes .
haven't used it yet , but i'm excited to . it's perfect ! very well made .
excellent service and our cat is loving the temptations and hunts for them wherever i hide them . thank you very much !
i think it is a fun and good toy . the cats go crazy . they try to climb the walls chasing it .
both our dogs and cats hate these . i gave it three stars because their coats all improved after we force fed it to them for a week .
these balls were way more heavier than regular tennis balls . my jack russell did not care for them .
my fish love it . i feed them a variety of food including frozen and this is the go to first for most of them . recommended .
i use these in my dog grooming shop so need to have a lot on hand . they also end up in my purses , cars and pockets .
my dog just didn't get it . lost interest within a minute or two . cute concept but just can't see it working for the average dog .
the kitties love all the different variety packs of friskies ! they love getting a different flavor every day ! the shreds are their favorite type !
this product we use for preventative for our pups health . i highly suggest you put your fury loved ones on this product
doesnt work very well at all , you are much better off with an astablished bacteria setup , spend your money on bio rings and let your tank setup .
but they are loaded with sugar . sugar is one of the top 3 ingredients . would not buy this again for that reason .
love the bowl . good value for the quality and there are so many designs to choose from ! very easy to clean the bowl too.definitely recommended !
the product was delivered quickly and my dog loves these ! i like that it is natural and smoked without the colors or dyes like other ears .
this is a really nice collar for a good price . it is made of a good quality and is cute on our puppy .
my cat doesn't seem to detect any change to her water and her tartar seemed to be getting better in the last month i've used this additive .
i only feed my dog organic products and treats and i love the ingredients in these treats . they are perfect for training and she loves them !
my german shepherd would not stay off of the couch . he has finally met his match . this really works in keeping him off . great product .
he loves biting on this toy , especially since our great pyrenees is teething . i wish i had gotten one that was a little larger .
a plush toy that my bassets hounds love - it squeeks and is well made so it will last long than most plus toys .
my turtle got a cold :( so i ordered this to make water warm.this is working good , my turtles seem happy .
i know that some reviews said their bun's liked this , i have no idea why my bun's do not.depends on the rabbit taste .
these keep my curious cats busy for long periods of time . i have both catit designs and replaced the other ball with the illuminatedone also .
i like the length of this particular flexi for my dogs . flexi has the best retractable leads i've used , and i've used a couple different kinds .
the cats like these balls , but they have a very short life and then the light is gone forever . wish they lasted longer ..
we had mangy old cats all over our nice patio furniture ... haven't seen one since ...
love the bright neon colors mixed in . makes for a very contemporary looking tank . little to no dust and sinks readily .
i love swheat scoop for all the positive qualities others have already described . no problems whatsoever with bugs--and i've been using this litter for years .
helped our kitty get cross country on a flight . is quality material , well made and fit under airline seats . perfect .
my dog killed all the squekers in about two minutes , but it was nice to not have to pick up all the stuffing that fills other toys
the bigger one would have been even nicer . but for one small cat works great .
product sprayed easily , hook-up to garden hose was good , and we haven't had any sightings of the horrible little blood-suckers since .
think almost a tennis ball size . they have a great heft to them when you toss them too , not flimsy .
my dogs loved the cake , very good idea because it's simple to make . will purchase again . for birthdays holidays and more .
okay this tube is hard . im guessing the purpose is to keep the pressure accurate for pressurized co2 . word word
my cats love these so much they run around carrying and shaking them like they are real prey ; and growl , lol .
nothing's too good for my gerbils . i and me gerbil , to & fro , are pleased with this product and will continue to buy it .
this bucket is holding up quite well and is much easier to deal with than a water bowl for my dog .
this toys are nice , but they don't really last too long , anyway i bought them to give variety of toys for my cats .
nicely made comb . i like the clip " ring " on the end and made of stainless steel will make this product last .
i've had this petsafe water station with stainless steel bowl 6 weeks and the " stainless steel " bowl is already beginning to rust .
this has metal on the feathers , and will hurt you're cat . i don't know why they made it like that . it's really dangerous . don't buy !
i have been using this product for a month now . i have not had any coraline bloom or growth . will update review if it works
best price , best value anywhere on the web . way cheaper then buying locally . highly recommended . helps keep your cats healthy .
the harness is good for the money but does slide up and down my dog's body giving less a controlled hold than i wished .
this thermometer worked out . it was easy to put on and is not very big . for the price and quality i would recommend getting this .
my cats look so cute with red . i also use purple i will buy it over over again . fast shipping
great boxes . my cat's are diggers and scratchers and this prevents them from ruining the walls like they have been . works great .
my two kitties love love love their tuna flakes . they sometimes tire of other organic treats , but not these . yummmmm !
this toy is great for those who like to play tug or war with their dog . very resistant and great price !
this stuff is kitty crack . they love it . they come running every time i bring out this treat . they do tricks for this stuff . fast shipping
as like most toy , if your dog is one of those dog that can tear through stuff in 1 day or less , you probably shouldnt get this .
my cat loves this and i'm not sure who loves it more my cat or my toddler ... great buy because petsmart toys are crazy high for a cat .
checking with my infered thermometer the temperature is spot on . i don't expect it to ever fail . great buy for the price !
brought this for my dog and i like it and would recommend anyone wanted to purchased this dog dish for there dog .
highly recommend this product ! ! my dogs were instantly focused and silenced with one spritz . it's changed my life ! definitely worth a try !
our cat outgrew his carrier - - who knew that little kitten could get so tall ? this was a great replacement , and i love the top door .
our dogs look forward to brushing there teeth with these tasty treats your dogs will love them and you too
haven't seen this mix before finding it on amazon . kitties are ' right there ' when they hear the bag being opened .
i needed an inexpensive leash for doggy daycare and a soft harness for my ill dog . these fit my needs perfectly .
i buy these filters for the drinkwell fountains . they are a superior product , well constructed , always consistent , never had a problem with them .
both of dogs like this toy , they'll play tug of war with it ! but my heavy chewer really likes it !
my cats love catnip . some brands are more potent than others and my cats do react differently to different brands . the love the kong catnip .
my two girls just love these . they fight over who gets to climb them first . they are great even for my 10 and 12 lb . girls .
temp holding at 80.5 , i run 4 pc 64w and 2 250w halides.it works . without i was reaching temps of 82 + .
great deal on quality salmon oil . our dog loves it and super easy to add with the pump . spout could be just a tad longer !
my cats love this stuff , and the toy it comes with they actually play with ! will buy again , for sure
i cut my own hair and this keeps the blades sharper and from pulling longer . it is worth the money for the upkeep of your clippers !
we are enjoying this cat toy but they seem to like the toys with noise better . may order more pieces to make bigger and different balls that make noise
you can never go wrong with a kong toy ! ! my dogs love them and are the toys they always prefer .
you get 6 boxes all taped and wrapped together . this is a great deal and none of my stores sell this flavor .
i have several of these in different styles my baby loves them and they have become his favorite toys . more coming !
although this was rated pretty high , my dogs don't really like it , it's reasonably inexpensive considering meat is listed as the 1st ingredient .
this is the best price i found for these . my stores locally sell individually for much more . this was a good value .
these bones were way to small . it would be good for a dog 10lb or less . if you have a 60lb dog or bigger do not buy .
product was as advertised . it is a good gauge metal , good quality bowl . great for food or water . highly recommend
found that it made everything smell like clove and only cleared me out of room never really noticed a diffirence in fleas !
this really helped with me outside cat , he hasn't had any fleas since started using it , would recommened it to anyone
helps kitty pass hairballs to keep vomitting low . kitties love the taste - the large size keeps us in ymmy foods for onths
now i don't have to worry about what the cat does not drag in . no fleas or ticks on my booboo kitty .
i use this on my reef tank and my 20 long tank . it keeps everything stable and crystal clear . worth every penny .
it's cute with a wonderful filter . the light is weak but overall i love mine . the led may work on some low light fresh water plants ?
this didn't last an hour and my dogs are small ! had to throw away so my pup didn't eat it
the best turtle food out there . if you're not sure what your turtles like , go with this one and you won't be disappointed .
last a long time for aggressive chewers , the pups love getting things in the mail and this was one of their favorites
highly recommended . my cats love it . use it all the time . def get one , you won't be sorry trust me .
my dogs love thanksgiving day dinner . it is one of their favorite merrick products . my vet says they are very healthy also .
my cats love this , is very easy to give to theyhave good price and is not a problem buy morein the future , come on time
love this product , have been using it for years . my dog no longer has brown tear stains , definitely recommend it for white breed dogs .
keeps treats handy during training . liked the clicker with the wrist strap so well that i bought extras . great training tool
kong are suppose to be sturdy toys , my pitbull had it broken in less than an hour . maybe smaller dogs will do ok with it .
sootie just loves this toy and another similar one that the has much tighter coils and looks more like a spring . ifsootie loves it must be good .
our 12 year old pup loves these snacks . she will do almost anything for a fruitable . they smell good to me too !
fit my 2012 chevy impala perfectly with very little adjustments . looking forward to river & i being mobile without a crate !
i did find a tick on her neck region a few days after using the collar , but i have not found any again since then .
i use to cover our entry rug . i remove it when guests come over . helps to keep the rug underneath clean .
looked very cute and made good sounds but my cats showed only the briefest interest
product is lasting ages . gives a loveable chewing sound . clean and tidy toy for inside . very happy dog and owner .
this hay was not fresh , at all , and it was very coarse . my rabbits would not eat any of it , such a waste of money !
i didn't notice that this helped my anxious adoptee cat any . once it was empty , i just got rid of it .
yeowww ! catnip toy , yellow bananaalways a feline favorite - great for the young or old - they last a long time - good investment
i'm glad we purchased the large . they are perfect for our 25lb dogs . read the height specs . i'm not sure this would work for larger dogs .
my chi loves loves loves to have his teeth brushed with this ! he endures the hated act because he enjoys the taste of cet so much .
container is great and eliminates dog food smell in my kitchen . i like the fact that it's on wheels and is easily moved .
just started using product . i am hoping for a good result from this.my large breed dog has skin issues - hoping this helps him.to be continued ...
my dog likes the puzzle this presents and its hard enough that it keeps him busy .. sometimes for hours . he loves all his west paw toys
i love it ! it fits my little guy well and is just what we needed ! it is easy to put on and remove !
very durable cat toy and the kitty loves it ! the ones i have bought before don't last very long on the string but this one lasts :)
got for brothers cat , i heard that he liked it , and that he was funny with the catnip . cats are weird .
excellent product - very healthy combination of whole foods creating proper nutrition for my dog without all the garbage so many of the ' big names ' use .
a little expensive . however , it's a one time buy and they work well .
i use this carrier for my adult cat and it works great ! i like that the pad is removable for cleaning purposes and the shoulder strap is great !
fish seem to eat it , they're still alive , don't know what else you can write about this stuff.oh even over feeding it does not cloud the water .
this thing was great until my boxers finally got to the squeakers . they still play with what's left even without the noise .
my rotties love these all dried all natural my pups love them i also blend them up so can use as a food enhancer
up to purina's usual standards - my 4 cats are thriving and like the variety . ( the cozy black and white cat . )
my cats love this , although it seems to fall apart quickly . they still love it and nap on it even when it is falling apart .
it's the only shampoo that works on my maltese's long coat ! i love it , it really works ! and it smells eally nice without being overpowering !
the cats actually use this even though i applied it a bit too high on the wall . nexttime i move i'll put it lower .
my puppy loves her bed so much ! she loves and plays with her pillow often . she's very very happy in her new home in her new bed .
these are pretty stinky but our dogs loooooove these . they are good quality natural treats . so if you can get past the stink ...
i liked this product a great deal . works very well . plan to repurchase this product again soon . clumps were not gluey .
the dog seems to like this , he doesnt like the other one . i use these as treats and cut them up small .
my vet recommended this but charges a ton more . so happy to find it here more reasonably priced . most importantly my shih tzu loves them
this is one of my cat's favorite foods . he likes nothing but food made from fish . this brand suits him fine .
will order again . dogs love them and eat them . these help them to not chew on other items . i will order again .
the pet piller is the easy way to give my cat her 2 pills a day .
fluval filter systems and media are top notch ! i would recommend them to anyone with an aquarium of any size .
i read all the reviews on nail clippers before purchasing these had the best reviews and live up to them !
great dog toy ! i have all three , curly is the best for the most sayings ... larry gets no respect as usual !
used this in combination with fizzion to finally eliminate the smell for the humans and for the cats so they would stop going there . would by again .
i bought 2 of these for my rotties and they are great ! ! they are flexible , very durable , and can take punishment !
great toy . a favorite with all the kittens and cats . the thin cable is very strong and the critter on the end makes them crazy .
these shrimp are great . they keep your tank super clean and are easy to keep . i have a 10 gallon tank with a few fish .
works great for my tank . provides plenty of air for my fish . would recommend for anyone setting up a large fish tank .
i use this in the cat's play pen . it works great . nice size for 2 cats while in the play pen .
been using it for years and it seems to do a pretty good job but must be change often , every couple of weeks min .
i wanted something cute to put my dog food in and this works perfectly . i love that it snaps so the food stays fresh .
the durablty of this stood up to the puppy chewing . i would buy this product again . it is stronger and will not make a mess .
if this one works - had to try it with several other things for my beloved kitty . thank god she is fine , now :) !
have purchased many kongs in past , and this one - called medium - is more appropriately called a small imo .
our 15 + year old cat has no problem eating this food and he devours it as soon as it is in front of him .
don't waste time on other products . all my friends and i swear by it . fortunately , i don't need it anymore !
or at least the dogs do . merrick is very good food , no grain , and the animals adore getting real chicken for their dinner , bone and all
worked very well but was to small for my 55 gallon , the fish was nibblin on each other i used it for my 5 gallon goldfish tank .
this is a great product at a wonderful price--my dogs love these treats and having them shipped to my home is great .
it didn't seem to work in my house so well . i would not recommend this product if your looking for a fairly good product ...
these last my great danes about 6 months . obviously they are heavy and one of them likes to scratch them with his nails .
i use these in my quarantine tanks , and they have never failed me . it's cheap insurance against ammonia , which can kill fish quite easily .
our puppy loves this , however it can get a little loud on our hard floors . kepps her engaged , occupied , and out of trouble .
the rpoduct is great it's full of what your cat is in need of . especially for cats that eat raw food . but she hates the taste .
much nicer piece of wood than i expected . just keep in mind that each piece is unique , but i'm very happy with my purchace
the halter works well and fit well on my little 10 pound chuweenie . he initiated is by chewing off the cardboard .
i bought this for my cat so she could enjoy some outdoor experience and she hated it . waste of my money , but only in regards to my cat
gets some hair , nice on the skin , but not as good as the furminator at getting a lot more fur off a dog's coat ... b0040qq07c
looks good on our medium size dog ( should have purchased a smaller one for him ) . has lasted 2 months and no issues
my small dogies like this product and it gets digested well . i would like to see more flavors in the future
my pup loves this thing . you can play catch with it or just tug-o-war ... great fun ! worth the money . would recommend .
but the cats don't seem to care . i wish they did because i am tired of catnip everywhere . maybe my cats are just weird .
i use it for my cat but it doesn't work at all . maybe because she has short hair but anyway it didn't help
love the t shirt on my dog . it's true to fit . she looks so cute in it and it washes well . good price .
fast shipping . very easy to use the tests . seems fairly accurate . test for common reef parameters , i bought the saltwater test kit too
will keep this on hand have had no issues with algae . it takes a few things to work out the algae issues ...
this harness is easy to use and the fit guide was very helpful . i needed to buy four in different sizes
could be tougher . puppy not a big chewer but some of the stitching is coming apart after a few weeks .
we got this for our 3 mo old pup & he went wild for it . great quality and very durable material . would highly reccomend ! !
i have been buying these treats for many years and they are the right size for my chihuahuas .
kisses to this product . i use this all the time .. it is great if you have animals ... smell is nice ... it works .
really helped calm down the cat . working extremely well on her behavior and is like a different cat . very happy
pill pockets have been around forever but the dogs still go crazy over them . now i look for the best price and this was this month's winner .
work really well on my pooch . she like the sweet potato version best . i mix it with an egg and some meat .
lots of chocking and lots of pulling , this would probably work well for an already well trained dog . i can't recommend for a puller.high quality !
i thought that they were bone shape but they're not and i wish they had a bigger size , not enough for two dogs .
my fish seem to like it when this is in the tank . it has a spooky blue color that i kind of like .
it didn't speed up my cycling at all ... waste of money . you'd better off just wait and have patience and costs no money that way .
just what the doctor ordered . very good for dogs with dry skin and delicate diet . would buy this again .
the toy is made from a rope material my dog can chew on it and hardly make a dent . its made real well should last a long time .
great food for finicky cats . they love this brand and as old girls ( 19 ) they deserve to get the best or at least what they like
got this for my chickens . item is as described just need to assemble.no more having to worry about feeding chickens .
our rotty-mix puppy is a ' tough ' chewer and this has lasted more than a week . she has destroyed every other toy in seconds / minutes before ...
my cats are very choosy in what they eat but seem to like this cat food . i will continue to buy it as long as they eat it .
easy to install and catches everything . we will definitely be ordering more . very hygienic for the animals . produces a clean and healthy bowl .
ordered the pills after my dog had ligament surgery . she seems to be improving quicker with the help of these pills . and she loves the taste ...
i normally get this from petco , but it's a little cheaper here . and it's nice to not have to make a trip just to get it .
it is so important to buy products made here . i do not have to worry about the ingredients or whether he will become ill .
the dogs like this product although it is not one of their favorites . they seem to prefer the squiggles and the duck toys
i found this product to work well , better than anything else i have tried , i only wish it was not so pricey .
this mini-perch is great for conure size . helps with nail sharpness a bit and easy to clean . the birds took to it like a duck to water .
i have now purchased two of these for some pets . easy to assemble and mobile once you put wheels under them .
best deal , best pads . they are sturdy and don't leak thru . can't find these anywere else . well worth the price which was not expensive .
great idea for two cats . love the idea of just removing the dishes and washing them . so far so good .
wonderful product to use for training.they are made in america which is very important to us . will be purchasing more .
65 lb golden retriever curled up in it seconds after i took it out of the box . she has plenty of room to move around in .
holds up surprisingly well . my dog likes thrashing it around . hasn't pulled out any stuffing yet . he loves the crinkly noise !
my cats won't play with this . they just ignore it . probably small kittens love it , or it may be just my cats that don't like it .
all i know is that our 13 year old lahsa apso happily chews up his arithritic pill in the pill pocket each morning .
it's a very sturdy , well made item that our 4 cats like but they only use it when i put cat nip all over it .
great filter ! we use it for a 20 gallon tank and it works out great !
kind of skinny but does the job my pups are only 5 months old and they need to run it works
i use this for my pet rabbit and it is just fine , i like the large size so i would not need to buy it all the time .
seems nearly impossible for my puppy to work this on his own . really not a very well thought product in my view .
putting some peanut butter in here with treats makes my beagle go crazy ! he's not a hard chewer , so the bone has held up grear
my german shepherd can go through nylabones and rawhide in no time flat . needless to say , this should last hopefully a week or two .
good staff to clean my puppy's face and foots . i like sleep with my puppy so i should clean her every day
the only dog food my dogs eat is this kibble , otherwise they wont even look at dog food.if my picky labs like it , must be good .
this really helps a lot . my cat actually loves the taste and it really helps with the gagging hair balls !
great wide body scratcher ! ! the cats give it 5 stars ! my furniture is safe from their claws , they prefer the scratcher :-)
like others have said , it is a little scoop ! but the slots work perfectly with the feline pine we use in my household .
it worked when nothing else would . does that not say it all ? i was fed up and overrun by fleas . now i found peace !
long lasting bag because the bits are so small and my dogs just love them ... does not cause them to be sick
ok for small kittens . bigger cats tore it apart every time they touch it . the parts do not lock down tight .
my dog loves these . they are perfect for small dogs and best thing they are made in the usa so no worries about china made treats .
i couldn't figure out what to do with it and broke it in under 2 minutes .
really should say dogs really love these . they remind us that it is treat time .
these are fine . sturdy . my dog seems to prefer other flavors but he will chew on these if i offer them .
i like this collar , but they do go through batteries frequently . but other than that no problems , do not get it wet though .
our 7 month old boxer ripped the stuffing out in a week . good looking toy , but not tough enough for active dogs .
this is a fun toy a dog , my dog plays and plays and plays and plays with it and more
my dog didn't know how to play with it a first . then she tried to get the green ball out of the center .
the black epoxy cover has greatly improved from the last time i purchased one a few years back.well constructed and serves my purpose very well.can recommend .
the dispenser came with 30 bags so this offers a reserve supply . not something you want to run out of .
my kitten does not play on this . maybe it is his age , and i am a new cat owner . used to my dogs playing with everything .
bought this grain free for itchy weiner dogs ! seems to help ! as their scratching & allergies greatly diminished ! it is a staple now !
this bed is for a very big dog . my 30lb dog sinks into this bed like a queen , and its even big for my 70 lb dog .
makes great training treats since they are small . puppies love them . now anytime they hear a bag rustle , they sit and wait patiently .
they are good treats . i also like the red barn strips . they digest well with our dogs and they are made in usa .
my kitty was stressed out from a move and was hard to calm down . this did the job really well
awesome . she loves them . she can't get enough ! my naughty little girl won't stop chewing . just like her mommy . all my dogs love them .
i love this product as it is so easy to use and seems to help cut down on plaque buildup
i've tried others but jack says they don't hold a candle to these smokehouse pig ears . and that's why i buy them . they're the best !
my cats love cardboard scratchers . this is big enough two can lay on top and they can fit through the ends . lots of fun .
this lasted about ten minutes in taboo's cage . he loved it for sure but i think it's better suited for a smaller bird .
very pungent smelling and all the kitties are enjoying it . two ounces sounds like a small amount , but it really goes a long way .
i'm sure dudley will also love this ; i mean " treat " is his middle name . i will be shocked if he becomes picky ...
what a very cute little octopus for a small pet.it is very well made , nice and soft and would make a great gift for a small breed dog !
what an adorable little water bowl for my 2 little miniature poodles ... i love it-what can i say--it's a bowl lol
i love this item , very easy to go on easy to use harness clip and she loves to wear it
this blue one does not higlightit is very narrow but our westie likes it . i hope it hold up.for the money it is a good deal .
bought for my two yorkies , it is size appropriate and sturdy.lots of hours of playing and squeaking !
it's okay i guess , can never tell if it's working or not without having to stick my hand under it to feel the heat
made in usa so what more can i say i give it to my dog with confidence my dog loves them
this is a great interactive toy . i put a blinking ball inside and both the cat and my doberman play with it .
i have seen these in the big box stores selling for $ 6 . more ! the plecos love this food . you won't be let down
i have a very high energy dog . these worked the best out of all of the products i've tried .
spunky really enjoys getting timothy hay for his mid day treat . he even knows how to ask for it when you pass his cage .
my yellow lab loves his elk rack snack antler and chews on it daily . yum ! it continues to be a big hit and was reasonably priced .
this is the replace order . box is torn on every side . but cat litter is ok . they must throw boxes every which way .
great product to treat intestinal upsets like diarrhea in cats and kittens . they eat it and love it ! will purchase again .
like the tunnel jump needs more height adjustments . made great for small dogs its just the jump is a little too high should have multiple levels
use these to feed seegman my algae eater and he is crazy about them . feed them to him daily and he is about 12 inches long and growing ...
works , easy to clean . nice alternative to using his kong toy to feed him on days when he is lazy .
my dogs love squeakers and tennis balls this fit both needs they arrived quickly and my dogs did not stop playing with them
we have an almost 3 month female aussie . i got her the souper size . she chews off little bits , but is fine .
she's already lost two different bags of these springs . they are probably under the refrigerator or stove . i've got to buy more .
i bought it for a new aquarium i am setting up . i haven't set it up yet but it looks like exactly what i needed
i mix this food with castor & pollux ultra mix . my dog is thriving on it . it's great food & reasonably priced .
i bought the leash for my german shorthair pointer . it is a very high quality heavy duty leash . i highly reccomend it .
this collar was not maked well and it was a waste of monye ! this is somthing you inflate i don't recommand at all !
easy to use , arrived on time . holds plenty of treats for a long walk . closes well and fits perfectly on pants loop .
my dog is rather ho-hum about this one . it could be because she has so many toys and prefers stuffed .
you'll need the refill feather units since most cats like to chew on the feathers . at least they're not outside and chasing birds .
i do rescue and these are hit or miss ... but my last foster kitty it worked wonders-definitely worth a shot if you have a stressed kitty !
my cats love this food and buying the large cans is a much better value than going with individual sizes .
my dog loves these , and i feel they are healthy to be giving to her . clean and efficient snack , these are great !
i sent this crate back because it was not sturdy . i worried that the bottom would fall out and my puppy would hit the ground .
nice ! it's about 6 inch long hight 5 inch width 4 inch and the white spunge can be seperated where the air flow connector is at .
didn't seem to help as much as i would have liked . i went ahead and bought dasuquin since people seemed to have better reviews about that product .
they destroyed the feathers in like one day . the chirper is hit or miss but they don't need that to love the toy .
really works . i have a new puppy and so needed something for accidents . she is not being attracted to the spot to do it again .
so far so good , dogs breath less smelly and i even noticed less tarter build up on my pups teeth . it has only been two weeks !
my dog kept wanting to eat this toothpaste . however , it made it so much easier to brush her teeth with it . good product .
well , the willow ball i received was almost as if an animal already got to it . it wasn't full or nice looking as the one pictured .
my dogs love these things , which i keep as a special treat when they come in when i call them .
these arent to bad my dogs thought they were ok , wouldnt buy them again.shipping is to high try putting them in the store
the bandana part is much smaller than it looked . it's cute enough , but would have liked it to be just a bit larger .
we have been using these for years and the dogs never turn them down . being limited ingredients they are also good for dogs who may have certain allergies .
i like how strong this collar is but i think the reflective coat ( white stripe ) is not bright enough otherwise it is a 5 - star product .
works great for back corner of my chair but now my cat is moving towards the front so i will be buying some more !
the quality is not going to knock anyone's socks off , but its a good buy nonetheless . i would recommend for smaller dogs .
my dogs love these however ; if i am not supervising them while they are playing with them , they will rip them up .
nice dog house well made and easy too assemble , has strong odor from stain material for the wood but a nice doghouse .
excellent support for dogs . i'm a dog breeder and feed this to all my dogs daily . young and old . the dogs eat it well .
these snacks do not fit in the large kong classic kong dog toy . they area too big so stick out the end .
this item is exactly what you need when you have multiple cats to care for . the scoop is exactly as described !
thought it would be more well received by great dane puppy , but he only picks it up once in a great while .
easy to use and seems to be made well . the harness seems comfortable and it keeps her from flopping around in the backseat when i turn or stop .
i have 4 tanks , and this saves me so much time ! does a fantastic job . tanks all look good . even on the puffers ! !
unlike any number of name brand , well known products , this one does not contain fillers like corn . the dogs love the food .
does what it says is a good cost / value do not know how the batter life will be but so far no complaints
keeps the fleas at bay . princess doesn't leave the house without advantage ( applied by her ' staff ' )
i like the breeze littler pans and pads . the cats have less loose litter around and it keeps the smell under control .
good product & conception on getting coat nutrients , but my dogs will only eat them if they are really hungery .. spoiled ?
i love this shampoo it makes the dogs smell great . i have one dog with skin allergies and it totally sooths her skin . i love this product !
cats love it . keeps them both busy . self-entetainment when were asleep . they have lots of fun . recommend to anyone with cats .
i liked the price of this product is why i ordered in the first price . i intend to order again . thanks for such a great price .
my cats love these ! ! ! they run to get them in the mornings-all eleven of them . easy to open and reseal .
my rabbits seemed to like this ok . so it did what is was supposed to do , feed them . so i would recommend it .
these are the only cartridges that will fit my filter on my aquarium . i have a bio filter and these filters do a good job .
our ten year old himalayan loves to eat her royal canin indoor mature food ! ! ! she is healthier and happier than ever !
my dog destroyed this very quickly ... especially the rope . if you have a rough chewer you will be disappointed with this product .
this stuff works as good as any other kitty nail glue , i just wish that the packages would include a few more tips .
this is so much cheaper than the leading brand and does more , i will be getting this over and over works just as advertised
we have a bunch of furkids and attempting to brush their teeth daily is trying at best . these are great in addition to the tooth brushing !
my dock divers and swimming dogs love this toy . highly visible , floats and easy to grab even for my little 25 pounder .
makes walking my dog so much easier and stress free . absolutely no pulling and much more control , even with a highly energetic 7 month old pup .
this is one of very few chew toys my rabbits have decided to chew on . i would recommend if you have a picky chewer .
these wee-wee pads do the job efficiently , do not leak , and control odor . what more can be said about wee-wee pads ?
this is a heavy , durable nylabone , perfect for heavy chewers . i'd recommend this for big dogs and dogs that easily power chew through everything .
my puppy nearly 1year old , so by using this helps prevent major tartar build up in the future . so far so good .
works good i guess . my plants are growing well and none of them have died . i guess i have nothing to compare it to .
i add this to help keep the gravel clear . the water quality is good but not sure how much this helps .
i love how the bristles are still soft enough . my dogs love this brush also its such product . thank you
love this collar . cute and sturdy . love how it looks on her and the reflective stitching gives it enough not to be plain .
works great . easy for the cat to get in and out of . easy to keep sanity and clean . highly recommend this item .
i ordered 2 more since my shih tzu loves this . we put peanut butter inside and freeze it . works great and he never tires of it .
i give these to my super power chewer as is . this is one item that actually slows him down ( a little ) .
a friend recommended these for keeping her dog's teeth clean so i ordered them . doggie loves these and i love that they keep her teeth clean . win-win .
my mini daschund smaug ( her name is really heidi ) looks adorable in this collar . she would highly recommend that you pruchase for your little dragon .
my rottie hurt her paw pad and it was very raw . i used the mushers that i purchased from amazon for 1 week and it healed beautifully .
it is less expensive and the cats got used to it , but if i could buy a real good cat food , i would definitely consider other products .
unless they are the only things she gets ... would not order again , but your puppy may be different ... i have a 4 month toy poodle ...
it doesn't seem to help get the tangles out . it is more trouble than it is worth to try and use it .
my cats have loved this food for years . it is good for their teeth and they love to eat it . can't go wrong !
she refuses to eat them ... the package was about 1/4 of the way full and not worth the money ... not too happy for the price ..
there is a vast amount of filtration media to use in hob filters . you'll spend less time doing maintenance & save money . more bangfor your buck .
attractive , and sturdy . easy to keep clean , and can go in the dishwasher . like the raised idea . ordered an extra one for the camper .
my dogs love lamb . this healthy combination was soft and mixes well with dry or moistened dry food . they just love it !
our golden retriever loves this and brings it to us to stuff with goodies ! or he just plays with it > hours of fun !
as sick as my little buns is ... he managed to crawl inside this tunnel and pass the night ... must be a good thing for a bunny ..
for a toy you toss to your dog , it was fine . but the fabric wasn't very durable and was torn apart very quickly .
great concept but they are destroyed far too easily . i will not be ordering more as it pointless . first time in my puppy's mouth and it's done .
although i get a bit tired of the squeaking it makes . he loves it and drags it all over the house . great toy and it keeps him happy.tom
i love this crate . i use it for my cat . helps me get him to his vet appointments and when i'm traveling back home . highly recommended !
my tiny terrier loves this , when i received it , i gave it to him and he got it right away and started shaking and playing with it .
this one is good also . it wipes up well , keeps it's shape and the dogs like playing with it as well as using it for a pillow ..
best poduct for our dogs , haven't seen a flea or tick on them at all ! best price on line too .
this item was ordered for my son . he got his very own baby hamster . he loves the cage and is a perfect item . thank you
nice product my cat loves the taste , i don't see a big improvement in his fur .
none of my dogs has ever shown any interest in nylabones , 4different breeds , all ages.sorry , they ignored this as well .
this is the one cat food that my pets look forward to . one can a day keeps my cats in good shape .
it's a good product at a great value . a little hard to store because it is so long , but i needed the long one .
this toy is awesome and is one of my cats ' favourites . they've been playing with it since they were kittens and are still playing with it .
this item endured a week with two healthy young great danes . i am impressed by how long it held up under the abuse of constant chewing . amazing !
our cats seem to get along better and beg from me less while this is plugged in . lasted about a month . just replaced it .
bought this for my 4 fish tanks . very nice ! exactly what i needed . saves money and lasts a long time . fast shipping .
we have used this brand for many years . i always have a container growing . my cats really like it , and i believe it helps with digestion .
wish they made this with just the gravy . my son's cat loves , loves , loves this stuff but tends to leave the meaty part behind .
i bought these for my mastif / boxer with hip displacia . after a few months his limp was gone and he seemed get better every year
i am a fanatic about my dogs ' dental health . my dogs love these chews and i like the fact that they are good for their dental health .
love it . everytime i walk sweetpea , people always compliment on the suede shearling coat . quality at a great price . excellent .
i got this to test my hospital tank to ensure that it has the proper levels of copper for treatment .
works great for my turtle tank , perfect , normal works well . cant go wrong . works great in my 406 filter . a + +
my male cat has become quite finicky in the past six months , but he loves all the cat greenies flavors !
i measured my dog to buy the right size and it worked out great when i tried it on my dog ( collie ) .
finally something my cats really like . easy to use and just enough in can for two cats .
okay to use to clip nails , but not to groom the hair . my cat hates having her tail combed or brushed , so it helped with that .
dogs love it and so do we mad a mistake and only ordered one with 2 dogs so guess what ... of course another is on the way
and amazon is the best price i have found ! the dogs love it , i even use the kibbles as treats .
works as intended . six was more than i needed but i don't mind having the spares around . works exactly as described .
great price compared to the pet store . this is just what i needed and will surely buy the same thing next time !
i have four cats and not one of them will play with this thing . waste of money ! they usually like cat toys with catnip .
this solution lasts a couple months with my 3 cats and smells very good ! it definitely keeps our cat genie nice and sanitary .
sturdy rake set . receptacle is massive . you can clean a decent size yard without emptying . very happy with the purchase .
my chinchillas would make a mess with their hay and this is purfect it has the bars to hold the hay and the pellets in same dish
we are very happy with this crate . it is easy to take up and down and has held up well to use for 2 months now .
my dogs never get sick of this food and are always excited when it's time to eat . and it's good for my dog with a very sensitive-stomach .
works really well , silica gel stays on carpet and not onto floor . easy to clean with both vacuum and just shaking back into litter box .
this is heaven for dogs . my dogs won't leave this bed - they love it . perfect , cozy size for our 60lb dogs .
my love love chicken and also peanut butter newman's snacks . great ingredients and great taste ( i've tried one :)
way too small for any dog that is bigger than the average cat . i gave it away to someone else since it wasn't worth shipping back .
it isn't thick enough , so it slides around in the crate and ends up bunched and folded by the end of the day .
great christmas gift for my in-laws teacup aussie ! he loves it and it's the perfect size .
keep trying different brands . if they last two weeks , i am lucking . trying brewers yeast with garlic , tablets . hope some thing works .
my cats use this all the time . they use to sharpen their claws and to eliminate them from damaging my furniture
for whatever reason my buns love these " pretzel sticks " , and it keeps the two of them from eating my cabinets ( thank goodness ) .
my dogs love their kongs ! my babies love to chew anything yet they havent broken through their kongs ! these have already outlasted most of their chew toys !
great product . easy to use . what a relieve knowing my cat would have plenty to drink whilw i was away .
i don't know why i bought this , maybe because it looks cute on the picture . because it's not as expensive .
this crate works well and is reasonably priced . i'm happy with my purchase and i believe that my pet is too .
i have one cat that is a vertical scratcher , so this toy is ideal for our household . would buy again .
works like it should ! i definitely recommend it for those who have pets that like to pull when on a leash .
im using this for my cat toilet training , and it doesn't have any trouble with toilet so far . you can flush without any problem .
great price on this item from amazon . it was a gift for a dog . dog loves it so we're both happy .
if you run with the big dogs you need the big dog mat . this is easy to clean and it keeps my tile floor from getting slippery .
my cat immediately took off and came to end of lead . i have seen people this type on small dogs and it seems to work well .
without the awful pink stains around the eyes and mouth . morkie is white and with angel eyes stays beautifully white .
high quality . my dog loves it and she's not chewed it though she's a pup and chews nearly everything else .
i love my drinkwell products and so do my cats ! the filters are priced well so you can afford to change them out often !
after two days of really confused cats , they figured it out and love it . i will be recommending this toy to every cat owner :)
my dog goes crazy on this bed . it is soft and seems sturdy . she is always rubbing her back on it . very good purchase .
i love it ! i wish they changed the cap back to pump though . i have been using it on my dogs ' heads and faces for years .
excellent product , great at defeating odors . i buy tide cat litter , because the cats like it , they like this also .
have a 7 lb dog & cat & the size is great ! big enough to be seen from a distance & light as air . we're pleased
my new pup loves his sheepie , it's cute and soft and just the right size for cuddling .
i use this mostly when walking my dog at night and it is pretty bright and can be seen from a good distance .
this stuff really does work ! i was skeptical at first but my baby's bad breath disappeared almost immediately after adding this to his water .
although i tried a new brand of litter , i prefer the texture and cost of fresh step which i have used for over ten years ..
my 18 year old , finicky cat absolutely loves this food . i'm so glad to find something healthy that he likes .
this is the classic cat toy , my cat goes ' til she's panting with exhaustion after this toy , it's great for a cat that craves activity !
hours of fun for the pup - some dogs seem to play with these and tires of them - she chews on them for weeks .
these smell really bad ... but my lab likes them and his breath is better for a few hours after he eats them
lasts forever and keeps the dog busy and out of trouble . didnt smell bad or turn her poop white like the bleached raw hides
my vet recommended this for my performance / sport dogs . i give one pill each day to each dog . great joint supplement .
err well it was flexible , it worked , and the price is pretty good for 25 feet worth of airline tubing .
very up front design , is not only effective but versitile . i used two of them on my 29 gallon cichlid breeder tank and worked great .
this fluval under water filter takes care of my 40 gal turtle tank along with a canister filter with no problem.it is also very easy to clean !
i bought this to be used in the dog crate . my two month old puppies ( 2 ) settle right down when put in their sleeping crate !
i love that these balls are indestructable , however if you are using a chuckit thrower , they are too heavey to throw very well ..
my dog loves the taste of this food . the pieces are rather small for the larger breeds though . not expensive
this toy takes longer to un stuff than long so my dog is occupied longer . not hard to fill , probably a little easier than small kongs .
i've noticed that the price went up since the first time i bought it so i'll stick with the supermarkets from now on .
needs weekly cleaning . easy . had to close the toilet lids so the cat would use the fountain and she has !
cats love them and its a lot easier to give them than the powder or gel . i highly recommend these treats !
i have been buying these for all my dogs for years and because my dogs are small , we use them as treats and break them up
my dog will eat them but only if he doesn't have any hope of anything better . would not buy again .
not sure if it's effective but she sniffs it and turns her nose away , not to mention to let her take it when the thunder storm is coming .
super excited to replace the the old one with this . i had ordered the permanent tray as well which made a huge difference
these work great in our 5 gallon tank . best filter i've ever owned for my tank . easy , quiet and gets the job done fast !
works very well , but i shake too bad to use it safely on my rabbit si i have the professionals cut her nails
great pads . my little one can use it three times , before i need to dispose of it . it absorbs so well too ! ! !
dingo mini bones 21 - pack value bag , 9 - ounce ( pack of 2 ) 42 bones totala + + +
a must have for any bird owner , helps keeps nails dull and beaks sharpened . perfect size for a medium size parrot .
best pooper scooper i've ever used . especially good for those heavy clumps - my cat loves to go in one particular corner of the litter box .
my puppy loves this toy . she cannot tear them up so fast and she will carry it everywhere with her and throw it around playing .
my dogs love them , they're healthy , and they're made in america ( as opposed to questionable chinese products ) . price is close to costco's in alaska .
this is a great product for your dog's coat . it also is wonderful to use to enhance the flavor of your dogs kibble .
my little old adoptee doxie absoltely loves these treats . ! i have rewarded him with one a day for the past three years with no bad heath effects .
fill with cat nip and let kitty enjoy , no mess good velcro to keep closed . they love this toy glad i got 2 .
my dogs love these ... but they are from china and there is chicken in them . so i am a bit concerned if they would harm the pups .
i have a bichon and he gets it in his dinner every day . it keeps his face looking great and white .
this is just the right height for my little dogs - chihuahuas . i enjoy seeing them drink at the proper height .
read my review on the litter too much to repeat here . this will help boost the litter's abilities . good stuff !
i use this per the instructions for any fish before it goes into my main tank . using a simple qt , follow directions and you will be happy
this is like a small horse blanket . good quality , easy on and off . be sure to follow the instructions for measuring .
have a terrier mix that has done well on both the canned and dry duck and potato . no more tummy problems .
this is actually the second time i've purchased " da bird " and i strongly suggest getting the refills . my cat goes nuts for this !
i needed vitimans for my kitten to grow well . this was just right . well worth buying and will again when i run out
it contains any water that i might spill when i pour water into my dog's bowl . perfect and no complaints !
this works perfectly with my aquarium , exact temperature is displayed and also a convenient " green zone " marked to know the temperature for tropical fish .
the doberman loves these toys and they last a lot longer than others . the size is good and the price reasonable .
great catnip toy . my cats love it . i've also purchased the big fish , apple and cigar . seems banana is really their favorite .
well it works , that's for sure . let's just say , my son is now much more motivated to walk the dog ...
my cats aren't really into this product even after several weeks . even the kitten can't be bothered to play with it . good , sturdy construction .
not much to say . tetra makes great tropical fish food and my fish eat it up ! certainly will use this stuff again !
these bags are perfect for putting filter media into and keeping it as an emergency hospital tank media source . perfect size .
works great with my golden retriever . good function no problems at all . dog seems to not mind the brushing process .
they work well and are a great value for the price . i'm not a professional , but they get the job done .
my big airedale does well with this leash . it is strong and good looking leather , with braiding at the connecting end .
the packages arrived on time and the treats are extremely fresh . they seem much fresher than the packages i purchased in local store . my dogs love them .
my golden likes to play tug-of-war instead of giving you the tennis ball to throw . this toy protects our hands a lot !
this ball is used weekly by our two gerbils . we loved it so much that we bought another so that they could each have their own .
my dogs love these and they last forever . i have two strong chewers and these last for months . bacon flavor is a plus , too .
tapeworms all gone within a few days ! best over the counter meds i have found so far for my cats !
i like these because they break in half and get smaller . great for iq toys and they are soft and chewy . my little doggies love these .
works nice for trapping bacteria at filter pickup and i have fry in that tank and it keep the intake from sucking up the small fry .
my dog steps right over this , seems like it would be okay for small dogs , but not medium to large sized dogs .
amazing ! ! ! i love it . it is so easy to use and durable . most of all , it's clean ! !
the blades are very well made and cut perfectly . be sure to follow the directions regarding oiling and cooling during grooming .
quality product ! fits perfectly with the midwest icrate double door pet crate ! my baby loves it ! it is soft and cute .
i have two of these for my two dogs and it keeps them safely in the back seat . highly recommend .
my little dog love these very much . i thoght the price was very good ; however i have found them much cheaper elsewhere
love the scooper . easy to use . perfect for grass of any length . rinses easily . will probably buy another one soon .
i've purchased cheaper bags since buying these which work well . these are thicker and cheaper here than at a pet store .
my puppy yorkiepoo is only 6 weeks old and her head came off the same i had her and the gift for her arrived . product is not sturdy
this coat conditioner is very expensive and for the price you'd think you would get a spray bottle . it works fairly well on my dogs .
when you see the ingredients you know your taking good care of your dog . our cairn terrier loves this food .
really need to get the harness too as he needs to sit by me betterbut yes he is spoied so be it
my kitties love this stuff - its like mcdonald's for them , so i give it sparingly - more words ?
this really cuts down on the smell of litter waste and also makes it so much easier to dispose when it is full !
ok for the first 15 bags , but can't buy new bags on roller , so the new ones don't fit in the dispenser .
i have been useing this for years and there has not been any flea infestations at my house the entire time .
we just got a cat and are trying out litter combinations , and this stuff does the trick . it's good for the price .
love the wheels , and the multiple entry points . it is very roomy but does stick out from under the airplace seat by about 2 inches .
there is the hole to put the treats in but the hole is so big that they fall back out ! !
this is great product which keeps food accessible to your pet and eliminates the need to constantly refill the bowl .
there's little you can say about filters for fish tank filter systems . it works or it doesn't . this works as advertised .
not the royal purple i was aiming for , but the color is made with quality and the easy plastic clasp is very strong .
i have a small 6 lbs kitten and she had this off of her in less than a minute . don ; t waste your time . - wendy
easily crumbled onto manny's kibble . he likes the taste and i feel good about helping his elbow joint . he had surgery as a puppy .
works but smaller than expected but not to small medium i would say they work but u can do worse and better ho hum all around great price tho '
it works just fine - as it turns out the size was just a little bit too big - but still does the job intended .
fantastic product . i use it during the late spring and summer with out prescribed topical flea medication , and it was wonderful ! love that is all natural .
my dogs love these--they are perfect midday treats ! have bought them many times & will definitely continue to do so !
really didn't notice much difference.really did , ' t notice much difference . the pet store recommended to only use half the dose of what the bottle states ! ?
i wish i could fit in it i know my dog shure loves it and looks very relaxed laying in it
these are just okay ... my cairns may not be used to the different flavour yet . i thought they would be a little softer ...
this cute little giraffe has held up pretty well with my 10 month-old foster aussie terrier . just the right size for him .
it's a metal dog bowl with a rubber ring on the bottom . that's all there is to it . it meets expectations .
this worked great the first 2 days . now both of my dogs ignore it . i would say it's a waste of money for 2 days . :(
good price on blue dog treats ; variety of flavors and my dogs enjoy them . will be getting these again soon .
might be good for a thin coated dog . doesn't work well for a high strung--aussie . i had to go back to the original metal collar .
this is a really nice leash . it is much thicker than the other nylon leads i have . seems like it will be very durable .
i have a dog that's very high strung and i hope it's helping . i felt it was worth a try .
this leash works very well . it feels nice in your hand and hasn't broken like the last one did . i am happy with this leash .
both of my cats love it . i only give them each a small handful so as to make it last .
a great chew toy for my puppy , he is 7 months . i think he likes the textuer of the ring and keeps him out of trouble .
no the best product for my money but it's and ok toy . some cats may like it but my cat was not crazy about it .
my cats are just as a picky eater as another cats.they love this brand of food.unlike other food i've i've bought for them , they don't over it .
i bought this for my brother's chihuahua and she loves it to death ! it seems to last quite awhile for a smaller dog and she drags it everywhere !
these are a good treat for the dogs ; all natural . the dogs like them which is the whole point so if they are happy i am happy !
this is a must have for the fluval fx5 canister filter . and the 12 pack is a smarter buy because they will last you forever
this dog chew was actually pretty long lasting with our heavy chewer . she was very happy when this was the treat that she was given .
well not much to say ... they worked fine . i like that they are small . i use these in conjunction with the cat grooming bag .
prodyuct is working exactyl how i wanted it to . i have a 40 gallon breeder tank with turtles fish and plants .
the 20 inch fugeray is absolutely perfect , i also have a 48 inch on my 50 gallon which has all the plants pearling .
great crate , a little force is needed to put it together , but it's lightweight and sturdy once you snap the bars into place .
returned - awful product . sticky gummy pickle . everything sticks to it . yuck ! wouldn't want my dog licking and chewing on this .
my dogs actually dance for this treat . it's a nice size & a good flavor for a quick reward or just a treat to show i love them .
i almost forget how awesome earthbath products can be , and this one is probably my favorite scent . i wonder if my dog feels minty after his bath ...
it worked as a diffuser . wish it came with other bottles that had fragrances in it--then i might have actually kept it after it was empty .
once they got over 3 lbs , they didn't fit anymore unfortunately . but it did work while they were 5-6 weeks . nothing more really
use one of the towels today and the towel absorbed a lot of the water after my pup bath . would recommend and purchase more
both my dogs love these and they are the perfect size for training . amazon has the best price on the 1 lb . bag .
my dogs would like to say something about these bones . " mom , we are out of bones . please buy more . " spoiled rotten dogs .
my puppy has a good sense of smell . he wouldn't go near his food if i add this to his meal even a tiny bit .
seems pretty durable , feels solidly built . it can withstand my dogs constant pulling and seems to have a smooth retracting system .
i cant say enough about this litter . no smell . i suggest it to everyone . i have 3 cats and never smell the litter .
i've got mostly medium size tetras and loaches . they all love this and go after it before the flake food .
our dogs loves eating them as it is good for them . as long as it is a healthy food , they eat for their dinner .
not sure this is even working , but the water is infact clearer then it has ever been before . dont regret the purchase but not sure its working .
this toy is great but not so much for puppys its a lil big but will work great when they are grown .
my cat does not like iit , will not play with it.poor excuse for a cat toy . money wasted . no action .
it lives up to it's name ... my cat loves to kick while chewing on the tail . great toy .
this toy is really long lasting and easy for any dog to squeak . it even comes with a replacement squeaker which i have yet to replace .
use it for my little cavy and it works much better than dog & cat nail trimmers . price is great too . i definitely recommend it .
this bags seem a little bit smaller than what i usually used from a local pet store , but they are very strong good quality bags .
the only disappointment i had was in thinking that the rake was metal . not to worry though , it still does the job it was meant to do !
big bottle well worth the money ! they charge an arm and a leg in the pet stores and grocery stores for an little tiny bottle !
these seemed much drier than the ones my dogs are used to . not bad but not the great treats we expected .
love them , teaching my coon cat , tricks with it ... :) they bring so much happiness ! they are worth anything we give them .
we love frontline . it is simple to apply . we never have those nasty , painful parasites.yes ! purchase this product for your pets .
extremely durable , but treat opening is too big . i can wedge a bone shaped treat in , but the dog gets it out too easily .
doesn't matter what color ball arrives . they always work , and my cats love the flashing lights.this seller offered a good price ... cats happy = person happy !
i received the product very quickly and the price is excellent . my cat benefits from the use of this product recommended by my vet .
i was disappointed in this product . it did not break away when i used it on my dog . i ended up selling it on ebay .
good product to use for stressed cats . easy to use , you don't even know it is around . makes a difference in the cats behavior !
i love using this shampoo on my huskies ! it cleans them and leaves them smelling great ! i'll probably use this product forever with my huskies !
my senior pug is enjoying his newest chew toy and it helps when i put a small treat inside . thank you .
little brown pup really likes chewing on this , and she seems to know it's not for burying . huzzah for chew toys that stay in the house !
perfect size for the toy breeds . my papillon loves to play fetch with the small tough balls . product is just like in the pet stores .
the harness is comfortable and it is better for my doggie then just a collar . this didn't cost mu h and it works . thank you .
i ferment the cat's toys in cat nip , rotating the toys , for a month's stay in the cat nip jars , keeps the two of them happy .
my dogs love it , it is a little hard so the can not gobble it down in just one bite
he loves all of his starmark treats ... he gets them out of the toys too easily though . i wish it took him longer than 5 minutes !
i sprayed my puppy with this after bathing him with the miracle coat shampoo and he is still soft and shiny after a month .
definitely a hit with my cat . love that it is an all natural product . wish i could subscribe to this product .
~ every toy , on a string or pole seems to fasinate cats .. they seem to play with this type when others fail ~
bought this for my dogs for a suppliment once a day and they love it . could'nt be more pleased . wish i had found this product years ago .
works great at the grooming salon , holds up against the nails no matter if they're from a wolfhound or a yorkie .
this is a great product and it was highly recommended by my vet . my dog loves it and her dental health has improved .
three cats eat any and all flavors of greenies . always want them.teeth are clean , feed 4-5 every day . ingredients are good .
very high quality stoneware ... an attractive addition to my dog's " corner " of the kitchen . these dishes put her previous plastic " dinnerware " to shame !
while i am not happy with the treat ball as much as i was , these treats were one of my gsd's favorites .
my conure loves this thing . he will climb on it , swing it around , and hang upside down on it . he loves it
great because of the added protection against mosqitoes , ticks and fleas . my dog has never had fleas or ticks . he's outdoors alot
i presumed that since this was stainless , it would be coated and easier to clean then a plastic bowl , it wasn't , its stick horribly .
cat seems to really like this thing but the little ball does not light up like it should . cat plays with it a lot .
most balls seem to small form my great dane puppy . this was the prefect size and he loves the squeak .
my arthritic great dane needs support and i thought this was the right product , but turned out to be inferior to actual memory foam .
our two dogs , a golden retriever male and a border collie mixed female love this treat for a reward after going out to do their ' duty ' .
great quality , two dogs and it is not showing any signs of age at all . i would recommend it to anyone
saves my life when i unexpectadely had to go out of town for 4 days . i also purchased the dry food one ... awesome investment
the fact is came with good aquarium bacteria all ready to go was amazing , i've bought 2 bags and plan on buying 2 more !
my 6 month old boxer likes this x large bowl set . i bought the large size and my petite 9 month old boxer uses that one .
my little tiny yorkie puppies love these they are just the right size for their little mouths and they came very quickly
a good buy for the size and price the brand speaks for itself . all around a good buying experience and will buy again
i use this to store 25 lb bags of food . i like the twist top and i like that it's airtight . it is sturdy .
i would say just about any dog will love this while it lasts . which isn't long if they have teeth .
i have tried different products and this is by far the worst . it does not clump very well . i'm going back to super scoop .
the rope tore after a few pulls while playing with my lab pup . there may have been an issue with just this one that was sent to me
this was so easy to set up . my hedgie needed a uv light for his health and this was a great price and works fantastic !
work really well , especially on the go . we use them to wipe our puppy when we are out and about .
i bought this when i first got my puppy and it is adorable . holds one roll of bags and it was easy to replace the bag .
love my litter genie ! makes cleanup of the litter pan fast and easy . no more bags every day . scoop into these continually until full .
yet another helpful addition to the filtration system . mixed in with the ceramic bio tubes the two work very well together .
just got a new puppy so going through the houstraining process and this works great on removing all of the odor or an accident .
this works great , especially during the winter months when a dog's skin gets dried out . helps with itchiness . must use the shampoo and spray on conditioner .
it is a little tricky to store , but the huge size of this scoop makes cleaning out the cats ' boxes easy .
we received a sample of this in another with another cat product i had ordered & my cat was hooked ... had to get more !
my shih tzu loves these little guys . he is guilty of having two of these . i would definitely buy these again once his current ones die .
this thing about blows my little dogs off the grooming table . the low is high and the high is really powerful . other than that , its great .
none of my 26 cats played with this toy . very disappointed . no idea why they did not like it . not enough cat nip i guess .
so far the pups love it and we haven't had to wash it yet . seems very solid and is very cushy and soft !
amazing . a must have if you have anything other than a tiny dog ( then they seem wasteful ) . please make these for small dogs !
i have two dogs 10-20 pounds each they love it . they can bring they toys on it and play for hours . built very sturdy
the tuffy dog toys are very well made and couldn't be cuter , unfortunatly they aren't tough enough for my aussie .
my 25lb beagle loves these . i've had these for 6 months and they've held up pretty well , my pup has surprisingly not gotten bored of these yet .
this toy is practically indestructible . its a great pull toy and our dog loves to follow it into the water . it floats !
these cookies seem to work well for us in the medium sized kong . my dog likes them very much so far .
the dust is just insane on this litter ... i was really surprised at just how much lingered in the air after i added it ...
i had high hopes for this since it was a nylabone .. my dog won't even give it a second sniff ...
it is very flexible but seems sturdy . the cats love it . the moveable end is very soft and can be moved around in various ways .
my cat is really squirmy so i wrap her in a towel and keep one paw out at a time . this trimmer works fast and easy .
quite a bit . i use this with my italian greyhound so she can nibble on something once her can dog food .
this product didn't end up being durable enough for our new lab . she destroyed it in a matter of 10 minutes .
they love them run all over the place playing with them the chew on themhappy kitties in the house
this brush is just the right size for my toy poodle puppy . even though it's small the handle is easy to grip .
seems to be an appetizing supplement that has what you need at one tablet a day for my large dogs .
ordered this one by mistake as it wasn't my color . i did keep it as a backup but it is a great dog harness .
its tubing . its black . it doesnt have holes in it and it allows air to flow through it . it works exactly like it should .
nice and durable , isn't stiff and will be great for my puppy and my daug to play with .
have purchased pet tabs before and have been using it for awhile . need to be careful before buying that it states us made .
my 110 newfoundland who tears up all other toys cannot make a dent in these . he loves it and so do i .
my dog loves blueberries , so i thought she would like these . she absolutely hates them , she will spit it out .
this is so darn cute , and my puppy never fought me when getting him in it for the first time . love this as opposed to a collar .
i do not care for this product . birds will not use it except to roost on it . would not recommend .
i love this cage . it is bigger than it appears . the hamsters love it . and you can connect it to other cages with tubes .
the furminator works really well at taking all the extra hair off our cats . and most of our cats throughly enjoy getting furminated .
this adorable toy is non-toxic and well made . my sd loves it . she carries a squirrel or the stump all over the house .
my two indoor cats didn't care for it - one licked it a few times but wouldn't eat it . the feral cat that i feed loved it though .
my rabbits love this chew toy . the willow branches and peanut in a shell inside ball are both okay for rabbits to digest .
i like this upgrade but wish the old refills fit ! it's a ridiculous expense to have to deal with when they are both using same name refills
dog likes them and the large pack is way cheaper than buying them in smaller amounts . wish my dog would make one last for longer than 1 minute .
i wish the pieces were not crushed into dust , but the dogs love the tast , they are the boss , so what the heck .
bought this to put under dog's water dish in the motor home . worked perfectly ... even when we were on the road .
i needed a small mat to put inside my cat box holder ( under bed off-season clothes box ) . it fits perfectly , and does the job .
great toy for my dogs - very durable and its able to stand up to a lot of chewing abuse .
bought this for a relative's dog who loved it . now my puppy loves it , just the right size of toy i think .
i will only buy human grade pet foods sourced and produced in the united states . this food is a product of thailand .
it's a little more narrow than i'd like , but the price is great ! i'm probably just used to using our other dog's leash for so long .
their a great reward and i also give them to her so she won't get car sick in the car . because she do's get car sick .
the harness is great . my puppy loves to walk and this harness makes it easier on her . it's held up well and looks great .
i purchased quite some time ago and this leash has many many washings on it . it is a well-made leash that will last forever .
very fast delivery great product . i really don't know what this stuff does but hey my fish not dead they look happy
this product helps a great deal when you are giving your dog antibiotics . i would highly recommend it but it is expensive .
this was pretty easy to use . i like the design because it is easier than getting a dog tooth brush in their mouth .
spunky takes great delight in a hand full of hay everyday for a nice snack . he gets extra for good behavior .
love this table in purple ! great size for my cavaliers . sturdy and i thought a good price too.will get lots of use out of it !
was trying to use to calm a dog with seperation anxiety , could not tell if it worked or not , so i am not sure i would recommend
pretty much vibrated continually and the dog really didn't appreciate that too much . would not recommend you buy this product .
our cat ate them when we first bought and now not so much . what can i say , it's a cat and they can be moody this way .
collects a lot of the litter however there is still a lot that the cats drag off the mat . also a little pricey .
i have been through a lot of litter boxes for my big cats . this one is the best by far . absolutely no complaints at all ! perfect !
my cat played with this for one day . then back to her old toys .. it does not stick together , you need glue the parts together .
good to find this at amazon as it is a favorite among all my cats and not readily availale in this area .. good basic cat food at reasonable price
this is just the same meds as what a vet will give you and it works . a lot cheaper too ! ! !
my spoiled cat will eat it , but is not crazy over it . it turns out her fav is tasty treasures line , that has cheese .
i use diamond naturals for all my dogs . my large collie loves this food and eats it right upnever a problem .
a good product for those pets that need regular cleaning to maintain good ear health . gentle but effective , neutral smell , cleans well .
got this toy or my 22 pound border terrier , he likes it as he is a good chewer , no issues with his teeth or his bite .
this is a great bottle and the only kind my pet will use . there is no water leakage anywhere . it is a goodd product .
this is just the right size for the smallest puppy biscuits and appetite so i'm very pleased with it . thanks
these are very handy for large bottles of shampoo or conditioner . i'm very glad i purchased them .
my rats love these bowls . i like that they chew on the whole thing , helping to wear down their teeth .
good for cats , dogs , and kids . blades are a little dull , but i did a quick sharpen and good to go .
this knock off is not as good as the petsafe brand . i will be looking at another knock off cause the petsafe brands are very expense .
sturdy ~ my dogs can't get in it and best of all it's air tight ~ easy to get food out of ~ would buy it again
i bought this lamp over a year ago and use it for 12 hours every day for my aqua turtles . no problems with it whatsoever . highly recommended .
i have 3 pit bulls who all tug at once on this thing & it is still in one piece !
my two cavaliers love these treats . i split one in half for them when we put them in the kennel at night .
these silent spinner wheels work as advertised . the only improvement that they lack has to do with stuff building up in them .
and it helps my cat with flea allergic dermatitis . after just a couple of baths he is smelling great and his itchiness has subsided .
works as advertised . like the fact that you can lock down the pump when not in use or for transporting .
i've only used this a handful of times . it works well for what its for . i can't complain any . it's a seachem product !
these fit and work perfectly , they are easy to swap out and great for keeping your tank nice and clean .
these bowels are very well made . for the price , much cheaper than at pet stores , are well worth the money .
the best cat litter . my asthmatic cat uses it with no issues . wish i could afford it for my other cats
small dog . , small kong ... it is very difficult to find when jordi is finished chewing on it to get out the treats .
great toy . she lugs it everywhere and has so much fun playing with it . it is still in good condition too .
i got the small ones for my dog but he loves them ! they are very bouncy and he loves catching them !
these chicken jerky treats are made in the u . s . a . and are soft and smell delicious . daisy loves them and i trust them .
a little leaky . but the idea that it fits on any regular water bottle is good . very handy . not expensive and worth a try .
oh what a bright light ! it now sits atop a 24 " deep tank . all 3 anubias plants have grown one new leaf each in 2 weeks .
this product was easy to use with zero issues due to smell or texture by my dog . i would certainly purchase again !
these food is great for our jack russell's . we do prefer the ocean formula for their coats , but this allows for some variety in their diet .
this is a very pricey product and i truly don't notice too much result . i am not sure that this is worth the money .
i have 4 dogs . 2 rotties which require chew toys to be available . for the price it is a fair product .
a little small but you paid for what you get . it work just fine for my 38 gal fish tank
i use 0.5 ml for 10 gal of water . very effective and recommended .
i have 4 standard dachsunds and 1 german shepherd and they hated these treats . i gave them away to my local vet .
my cats love the action of the feather toy and the sound it makes when flying through air seems to increase enjoyment .
dog loves it . i like it because my lab has to run further to catch ball and it tires him out quicker
my rabbit loved these so much he at the whole thing within a week ! i had to get him more !
these are really good filters . i have 4 of them filters are easy to change and they keep the water really clean
we used these for our cats instead of spray or a bath if they get into something . it's a very subtle smell but it works fantastically .
i prefer to give my cat treats without all the fillers , and he loves these . only one ingredient , cats are carnivores , what's not to like ?
large solid ball that my mini lops like to roll around their hutch . looks like it will last some time .
all i have to do is say " do you want a treat " and he is jumping all over the place with happy anticipation .
the best toys ! my dog can't live without his kongs . will play with them for hours . kong is a fantastic toy
the rubber ring is very difficult to put back on after washing . and the bowl itself is made of very thin , cheap material .
i give these to my neutered boys as a preventative measure . my fussy one ignores them , but the other 3 think they are a treat .
great for my indoor lab when he has to go out in the rain . super easy to put on and he doesn't seem to mind wearing it .
just what i was looking for . soft bite for my lab , and she loves catching it in the air . perfect price .
my cats just love these balls . they never get tired of them , it is amusing watch them bat around the balls with their paws .
our lab likes the food , but i don't like the strong smoke smell . will not buy again . i don't even like perfume .
this blow dryer does not work . i turned it on for the first time and it stays on high . switch does not work .
this is so easy to use , clean , and it's durable . i would recommend this for any dog owner , especially large breeds .
i actually have heard good things about this from other people , so i got this for my daughter . her dog refused to use it :(
this is a must for any marine aquarium that is reef . my corals love this food and have grown quite nicely
great little pee-pee pads but only work with the small iris floor protection training tray . would not buy unless you have one of their trays .
smaller than i imagined but its purpose was to grow my plants in the sump and it is perfect for my needs !
my cat liked this for awhile but got bored with it after awhile , she seems to like things that move on their own such as with batterys.nicely made toy
this is good and basic litter - my one complaint is that it starts to get soggy with urine more quickly than other litters
item is great . i thought it was a quiet motor but it's pretty loud . my dog hates the sound of these items .
great dog food . i usually cycle through the different varieties . my cocker spaniel loves them all . great having delivered to my front door !
what can you say about filters ? they work , i just wish they didn't have the plastic frame , it creates a lot of waste .
this shampoo smells good ( pup disagrees ) and leaves my dog feeling really soft until he decides to go play in the mud .
only if you interact with the cat . mine likes it if you drop some treats into it .
nice rug to set by litter box . material sort of rubbery-catches litter from cats paws . nice gray color . works well !
i will order these again . easy to change and hold up real well . good price and the pads came with it ,
my dog shredded each one in about 2 minutes flat . a regular tennis ball lasts much longer , if regular only came with a squeaker built in ! !
sprayed this as directed and noticed a sevre decline of fleas . seems to work very well . i still s earwigs though , what kills them ?
i used this in combination with the ear cleanser from zymox , and i am so grateful to have found a product like this that works so well .
this is adorable and a well made dog harness and true to size . i would order it again .
i bought these because i was tired of saying your not allowed to ask me that and now i just hand em one and keep walking around ..
my dog loves this toy ! its her favorite and carries it all over the house :)
we have used this brand for years and both cats try to get ahead of other in for evening snacks .
this is the best substrate on the market . packed in water so no rinsing . all your plants need for a great start .
i love love love these ! more importantly , our betta loves them . he attacked these guys like he's never devoured any other food before ! definitely recommended .
kitty won't scratch it .. but he lays down on it like he's nene leaks nene likes to surround furniture w / her hundreds of pounds of loveliness
the ribbit is exceptionally loud the toy is fairly durable at least as durable as stuffed toys go . my dogs love it so i am pleased .
the only problem with this toy is that is sooo much fun , it is gone too soon . so i got three .
my cats love the tuna ! ! ! but are not very fun of the chicken one . good variety mix and also price
i love the way my dogs feel after using this product . the dogs unfortunately don't like it but they don't like any product involved in taking a bath :)
this is the way to buy poop bags ! lots of them at a very good price ! beats shopping at walmart !
easy to apply and worked great ! the fleas were completely gone in 12 hours ! the medicine had no bad effects on the cats !
my maltese loves these .. he ate wagin train until they quit making them .. was glad to find them again .. as it is his bedtime treat
i don't have to talk them into playing with it ... they just come running . also , it seems durable enough for the big and strong cat .
i buy this all the time for my cats . they love it and i love the quick shipping . so everyone is happy .
keeps my cats from having upset stomachs or diarrhea , safe to use on a regular basis per my vet's advice .
i tell everyone with a dog how much my dogs love them . this is the treat they get when i am going out .
was a great price for basic flake fish food and even better with the subscribe and save discount . better option than over-priced pet stores !
my corgi was worried about them for a while , but we used her toy to coax her up and now she uses them on her own . ,
our labs love these delightful treats but our shih-tzu avoids them like the plague . i'm not sure if it's a texture or scent issue for him .
lind of thin . needed to use 2 pads layered together to prevent leaks . and no odor control . bought to save money but used twice the amount
our three weenie dogs just love these bisquits . must be the peanut butter . thanks for healthy snacks ...
my 13 lbs yorkie loves this little frog . its hard to find toys this small .
this was not big enough for my dog but i loved the coat . i wish this was available in my dog's size .
my chihuahua is very picky about his food . he eats this one , and looks well nourished with a shiny coat .
i like the bags on board for my dog b / c they are environmentally friendly , and better than other alternatives . i can't live without them .
dogs loved these and i love that they are organic . they are easy to break into smaller pieces for my smaller dogs . would recommend them to others .
i love the dexas popware generally , but leaving the attachments on this bowl cause it to tip over easily , spilling the water !
its a great idea but it ripped after a few months on a lab puppy . also it does not fit over a large collar .
so far , this is much easier to use than the ones in the past and seems like it will last longer .
really great product . i am always looking for products that will keep my two mini austrialian shepherds occupied . these really work .
my i year old german shepherd loves the ball . it seems good and makes a few squeaky sounds when she chews on it .
this toy is well made and very loud noise ! our pup beats it around pretty good and so far its holding its own ! would buy again .
fast delivery . i have bought many of these because my cats can't ignore this toy to the point that they eventually tear them apart !
my dogs love these . and my dogs are very picky . but these have real meat in the middle and my dogs eat them all the time
my cat likes this ... so , i guess i do too . easy to chew and with some gravy too which my older cat can handle !
perfect size , easy to clip on jeans or a belt and love the fact you can tighten it or loosen the drawstring easily .
perfect fit for my 35 pound boxer mix ! she feels safe and doesn't have a problem " kenneling up " when i need her to ! !
we would not recommend this product to others as it started falling apart within days of our puppy playing with it .
it's a little big but the size down was too small . shih-tzu's seem to be hard to fit .
it really whistles through the air like a fluttering bird . got my cat's attention , and he's the hard to please type .
my cats didn't like it but it's okay . it's a plastic waterer that sometimes leaked . my cats prefer the ceramic bowl to plastic .
so far so good . hopefully this lamp lasts for a while since some can go out pretty quick . provides good heat .
though it is a mouthful for her she loves it . it quickly became a favorite . would recommend highly . great for pet .
this is a great way to freshen up the tank for my hamster without using harsh chemicals . nice scent too
this toy has not been able to be destroyed by either of our dogs ( always a plus ) , but neither do they show much interest in it .
we foster kittens and cat . it works great for what i use it for . cured the problem saved lots of lives .
my dog was recently diagnosed epi and had lost 25 # almost overnight . after getting him on enzymes and nutri-cal , he seems like his old self .
we receive this on subscribe and save monthly . our cats love it and the littler box smells fresher with the clumping !
this product gives my dog diarrhea so i would not recommend this product . i have a 3 yo weim . not good .
my fish are alive so it works . it is a couple products combined into one . it is also a good price and lasts awhile .
my dogs eat this up and want more . i like the conveinence of having it deliveed and not have to go to the store .
i am using this vacume for my 30 gal aquarium . it works very well . easy to start siphoning and works very well .
bulb arrived fast and was packaged very well . i was worried because i had never ordered a bulb online but i was impressed .
i tried for 7 months and my cat never completely caught on . great idea , but it didn't work for us .
the dogs love these chews - they seem content to chew these calmly and the price is about half of what other places charge .
my dogs have a weight problem and sensitive tummies , because lamb munchies are low in fat and highly digestible they a wonderful treat for them .
it really didn't do anything to kill the algae i couldn't reach , and algae continued to grow even after cleaning and treating with this product .
my dog loves these . they are by far her favorite chew toys and among her cheapest . go figure .
protected all my cats when we brought a new kitten into the household that had fleas . exactly as described . love that it works for all cats .
love this new tie out for my little doxie :) he can come out in the yard with me now and i don't have to worry about him :)
these work well to pick up after two 30 lbs dogs . i like the fact that i can tie the ends .
both of my cats that don't normally respond to catnip love this stuff , and the best part is that there is no mess involved .
quiet and lots of air ... this little pump runs two stones with lots of bubbles , and you can control the flow !
cheaply made , nest falls apart right away , birds stand up if you have puppies or little dogs . would not recommend .
as described in the ad . switched cats to this to avoid food allergy . pricey but better than paying the price at the pet food shop .
good price and work well for my dog . i bought them for when we travel with our dog and it's easy and quick to use
great price , the dogs like the flavor and enjoy the treats . takes them awhile to eat which is great too .
this product does what it promised and it was perfectly priced for me . i paid $ 6 for it and it works just fine .
this review is pretty straight forward . these bags are great just like their blue bags . i love the bags on board holder in which their bags fit .
i bought this when i needed a tie out . works well , we use it when we go to other homes .
my dog chews on these forever . one bad thing is they do stink . very well made right here in kansas , which i love .
works great for me . i do make sure to rinse in fresh water before and after and i'm very careful to watch for air-bubles on the dial .
just like at vets office but no reason to go to vets office came to my . door i loved that
this lasted 2 minutes , it's misleading because i thought it'd be bigger than it actually was so i was highly disappointed !
kong quality as usual . great product , but small means small . like toddler fist small . unless you have a tiny puppy , get a larger size .
perfect for any tank ! it is easy to read and esay to place in the tank . it isalso very inexpensive .
i've used this product for my last 3 dogs . it works & that's all i care about . it really helps with the scratching problems
great training collar . toned down version of prong collar . if used properly and client taught how to use properly they are a great asset to training .
my dachshund goes nuts over these treats , i love the price and that they are healthy
bought this mat to go with the good pet stuff hidden litter litter box i also purchased from amazon . i like both items very much .
the product is very highly rated in comparisons with other cat and dog food . the grain-free means less waste , as well .
my lab really likes this , it drives him crazy trying to get the smaller ball out . it is kinda noisy on wood floors but still worth the buy
this keeps my cats water fresh and not stagnet perfect for the drinkwell fountain which is the best you can get for your cat .
it was ok but my grand daughters rabbit just never took to them .. not sure why but cant get him to eat them .
as always , tetra makes the best.the price on this was 80 % off of our pet storelove amazon ! excellent filtration system .
i think this is a great product , but unfortunately my dog has never taken any interest in this treat ball .
received quickly . i love the safety tips . i no longer worry about cutting my dog . perfect for what it was ordered for .
the kids bought these for their new hamsters and they seem to love them . i would have no issues buying again .
you must get your kitty one of these . my little guy loves his , the sides make it comfortable to nap in .
best for small dogs . it was not long enough to reach the back of my dogs mouth .
great price from amazon . this is very large . almost indestructible . well worth buying for hours of fun with your pup .
good quality , fits most standard size wee wee pads . helps keep my dog from peeing off the edge of the pad
rabbits like to have places to hide and things to chew . this provides a great two-in-one way to give them both . and it's safe for them .
this has been a hit at our house with a bit of peanutbutter stuffed in the end . my littlest likes to hold down with on paw while licking .
works great for new puppies . stays warm as it advertises . i would highly recommend this product to people who breed dogs .
cats were happy as with product and had a ` ball ` of a time with the toys :) good price too ...
the best brush i have for shedding pitties and bulldogs for that under coat and exfoliating dead skin in the bath .
great american company making healthy treats for our friends - these are really little , great for rewards and training . my picky bichon loves them .
i like it , but quality is not the best , the metal change at the back broke on first day.overall its nice outfit !
this thing keeps pests and air out , doesn't take up much room and is a lot easier to deal with than a huge 30lb bag of food !
i highly recommend this product . when properly placed in an aquarium size for which it is rated , it gives me quite accurate temperaqture control .
my dog odette really liked this donkey a lot so i recommend it for anyone who has a dog yep
i wished this product was more sturdy . my dog chewed pieces off of it within of few minutes of playing with it .
bought this for my sisters dog ( it's a rescue mix bread about 60 lbs ) . she gives it 2 ears up !
my west highland terrier can only have fish and sweet potato . these were a great find for her . she loves these treats ,
good chew toy and you can put small treats inside it . not my pup favorite toy but still definitely a good buy .
needed a therm for 10 gallon tank and this one does the trick . great price for this product . does the job just fine .
this is plenty big enough for 2 large rabbits and a litter box . there is a nice little place for them to hide , easy to assemble .
the fish clean it up in the tank in about 5 minutes and the tank stays clear . it is the food they like best .
very well made , seems sturdy worth the price . its a little short for my long body corgi but it works still .
whether it works or not in controlling hairball , we don't know yet , but all our cats loves to eat it
to cats , i mean . it smells gross to me . the 3 cats were very curious about the smell but tentative licks grossed them out .
i guess i haven't tested them all yet , but i have confidence that they are in good working order . arrived quickly . stocked up on squeakers . :)
item great deal for the money . my cat loves it and uses it every day . the cardboard is able to be turned over for longer use .
after try having my cat try this product did not like it he normally eats any snacks . i would not recommend
my cats loved these and the ingredients weren't as bad as many others . just wish amazon would put them back on their subscribe and save program .
looks well made and easy to use . haven't tried it yet as the old one is still being used . bought this as a ready in place replacement .
my cats seem to like this fancy feast flavor better than most ; it's possibly neck & neck with the wild salmon primavera of the same brand .
use with training my puppy and it helps a lot . he know that when he hears the click he's rewarded.not to load
these fit standard sized dispenser , have never leaked or ripped , and you can't smell the poop through them like some other bags .
i bath my pup with this all the time , i love the peppermint scent . removes the poop smell immediately . would recommend
dog likes it , wife likes that dog likes it , reasonable price through amazon . does it clean dog teeth ? - darned if i know
this was easy to install and stays put , my dog loves it and it keeps the car clean . we are happy campers here !
i really like this system for litter waste . very easy to use and lasts a long time . also has no litter odor .
my cat immediately began rolling around with the banana . i've also seen other cats go bananas over it . buy it !
i just stuff it with all beef muchies and you've got one happy pooche ! i ' ve had these before but this is a happy new sled dog .
these are easy for my little dog to pick up , and throw well . after much play they are holding up well , including the squeaker .
rubber can be cleaned . it has a good bounce . the dogs love it . it fits the chuck it launcher . all good !
these squeakers are very hand and any stuffed animal i have can be converted into a squeaky toy for my shih tzu .
my friends dog has so much fun with this toy . it was an awesome gift , and i recommend it for the person with a playful dog .
not bad but the frolicat bolt keeps them more entertained for sure ! however , it's a great change-up every once in awhile .
good and easy to use with my cat . you can use it n all ages and i all variety off cats
my dog is hard on her toys and this one is still " alive " she just loves the squeakynoise and it is one of her favs .
my dogs love this mixed in with their dry kibble . it has large chunks of veggies in it as well .
cute . this dog is rather sturdy for being hollow . my dogs liked it , but it wasn't one of their favorite toys .
since we feed our puppy a mixture of can and dry foods , this preserves his food since he only eats a portion of wet a day .
i'm a long time customer of frontline and will continue to be.this stuff works .
dog is happy ! great price on the greenies . i dont buy them often , but this was a deal to good to pass up .
my vet recommended this product for joint support . my dog loves it . the price is reaqsonable . i highly recommend this product .
i have used nature's miracle for a long time now and it tops any other brand of stain and odor remover i have tried . will order again .
it's well made and easy to use . you can use your existing dog's harness and just hook the strap on and you're ready to go .
he carries it around in his mouth and plays with it all the time . probably is convinced that's it's a real hedgehog .
my dog loves nylabones and the three pack is like a party for her . she chews them till they are nubs .
my guinea pigs ignored this chew so i gave it to my bunny . she ignores it , too . now , it just makes her cage look cute .
they are almost indestructible . my dog loves them . i was more than pleased with them , however i have found that the bigger size is even better !
the pup has been playing with this type of toy for almost 12 years . they get replaced because she wears them out .
our english bulldog loved this toy and chased it all over . it stopped making sounds within a day and he has no interest in it now .
this is also a nice brown color . i love it ! it is very cozy and big enough for 2 chinnies to sleep in .
easy to setup . a little bigger than i expected , but worked out perfectly . came with stakes and clips . excellent for the price .
i guess my dogs must have super sensitive skin ... they did not like this , at all.they have rough coats.maybe this is better for non-rough coated dogs .
this is safer and a better fit then the standard collar it fits and holds the 85 pound dog with room to go larger was really easy to adjust
the taste is good and my dog doesn't mind having her teeth brushed . good product ! all cet products are just wonderful !
my guinea pigs love these . they will even take it from my hand and carry it off . they are small .
keep my tiny baby shrimp from being sucked into the filter . additionally , it did not slow down the water flow at all .
authentic filters for your fluval pump . nothing to add to this review . very good quality . easy replacement . buy with confidence .
fit nicely in pet kennel ! soft and cuddley . kitty loved it ! stays in place compared to the blankets or towels i usually use .
puppy did not chew on this toy , nor particularly like digging peanut butter out of each end . try something else !
works well helps remove the tartar . i sterilize it after each use by boiling it & it holds up works like it says
this works great for my 14 pound pekingese . it's not thick but definitely is thick enough for a dog her size . highly recommend .
these are a great treat for our dogs . they enjoy them and they help keep their teeth cleaner and breath fresher . i will be purchasing them again .
this just says yes all over the place . good price , and the cats just love it . will most definitely be purchasing this over and over again !
with much work , adjustments , and many zip ties , i had to settle for partial coverage and fill gaps with blankets .
not all cats react to this . unfortunately mine did not but i know people who swear by this . it's always worth a try .
my dogs love these and my smallest shar pei is a picky eater ; turns her nose up at most treats .
our puppy instantly played with this toy . she gets excited when i hold the rope and she ready to pounce . great toy .
easy to use and the pets are in love with it . i cannot recommend this product more .
was not the least bit interested in this product and she usually likes everything . i tried to flavor them but ended up tossing them .
we get these for our golden doodle mini and she loves them . the size is great for indoor use when it is too cold to go outside .
i have a king sized dober-girl ( 100 lbs . ) who has accidents at night sometimes . this diaper does the trick ! excellent
this fish food comes in little crispy shapes that doesn't mess the aquarium like other fish food does . my tropical fish thrive on it .
just one word : indestructible . can't go wrong , recommend highly . buy it , do not even hesitate . great ball . loads of fun .
i assume these work . i crushed them up for my kitten and sprinkled over food . part of a healthy regime .
my puppies love these treats and i feel that they really help clean their teeth . i will be buying more and more of them .
my dogs love these . even my picky dog who won't eat the chicken filled dingo bones . great product for all dogs
i like the price of this and it came before christmas and it was a gift for a dog and he went right at it he really liked it .
my dogs love this product and it helps them with their mobility and motion . they appear more mobile when these are in their diet .
have used this and addiction dog food . they love both , but this a little cheaper . feel good giving them such good stuff !
my pit loves the kong toys . this one makes for the perfect tug-of-war toy , and it's one of her favorites .
even with transitioning our dog over slowly , it still gave her diarrhea . we wound up going back to natural balance .
the two cats who need this won't eat it . my one super-social and friendly cat eats it , but he doesn't need it .
these were difficult for my puppy to chew on and would become slimy when she ate them . she never did chew a one totally .
fun product and working in my tank now hatching started in 30 hrs delivery was fast clean and complete would do this again
these are really cute but my chi mix doesn't play with it . the toy may be too big for her .
dog loves beef the best but he will eat these , where he won't eat the beta blend . if the dog is happy then so are we .
i got this to hold a hummingbird feeder . it arrived in good condition and is sturdy without being a huge hanger .
this like every other api product i have ever used was totally effective ! this company flat out makes the absolute best products !
very excellent item for making dog treats . my dog loves them . easy to make and put in freezer for later .
worked good for my shar peis but they were not large enough or sharp enough for my mastiffs hard nails .
didn't work . needed to try something , but just didn't take care of it .
wet this chew toy and place it in the freezer for maximum teething relief . my yorkie pup loves this and it has held up very well .
sometimes the topicals aren't enough when you have a really bad flea infestation ... so i give this to my dogs when it gets really bad .
my puggle loves this bed - i ended up having to buy a second one for the living room when he wouldn't get out of it .
the dogs love it . they love to play fetch and kep away with it . the pets are happy so am i .
i have several cats who need pills and are very difficult to pill . this piller allows me to safely pill them without worrying about keeping my fingers intact .
these are cute and sturdy but neither of my cats like them . perhaps they would be better for young cats .
my cat loves these flattened mice . they are soft and won't hurt your feet if stepped on and they are cute too .
puppy has been chewing on these for 2 months and hasnt demolished them yet . havent seen any small pieces come off either .
my cat , nellie loves this adorable toy , though it's a small one but she is content and happy , " meowy " she says :-)
this product is for very big birds . my smaller love birds were not enthusiastic and didnt like it . a bigger bird might have responded better
i keep coming back to this brand because it takes care of the fleas and ticks for a good long while on our cats .
i forgot what it was like to have a puppy ! at least once accident a day for a 9 week old puppy ... its my life saver !
just took this camping with your 10 mo puppy . we used it to introduce him to water play and it was a hit !
go product , great for dogs they know and like to play tug . a super chewer and shred this thing though .
what can i say , my anabelle loves this stuff . i bought some small sachet bags to fill for my friends cats for christmas .
i think it works , i've noticed that my pet ear scratching got lessened.this is highly recommended to anyone with pets
easy on the stomach . dog loves them . only treats she gets with her allergies ! all of her doggie friends love them too .
my cats wont use this item . it was a wasteful purchase for me . it just take up space in the house . wont buy again .
naw soooo disappointed.it dosent work as instructed.the ' clumps ' dont release themselves and you end up throwing lots of viable product.darn.it looked so promising !
this company rocks . i use most of their products to keep my water crystal clear for breeding crs and plants full of color and health .
it fits nicely into kong and keeps dasher busy . however dasher vomitted after eating it . not sure whether he's not used to this new treat .
the kitten size is perfect for my young rabbit . great quality box at a good price
i trust wellness brand and once again they come through with this great dog treat . my dog zeus loves them and they are just the right size .
love how fast this came , works great for my goldendoodle after taking her to play with her friends at the park .
my dog had this chewed up in 15 minutes ! not worth the money at all ! ! !
these aspirin free chewable pain relievers for dogs work , but i couldn't fool my dog into eating them without hiding them in something she would eat
fits my shitzu perfectly and not difficult to put on . i like the quality of the harness . i purchased the small size .
the roll is bigger than i thought it would be . the baby loves it mixed in with her dinners . thanks
looked brown when i bought them so threw them out . plus it was when all the dogs were dying from china treats .
i bought this to put in the bottom of the crate . its very soft and fits perfectly in the crate .
pleased with product cat loves it . service is very good . delivers to door in no time .
easy to put on , appears comfortable for my girl , love it and glad she can stay safe in the car now ! !
high quality dog food that i trust . it is also grain free which is a must . my dog eats it pretty well .
my dogs loved this toy . it is well designed but the material is not durable especially for excited dogs with their snacks inside .
my cats love this food . some of they're other foods makes it really stink when they go to the bathroom but this one doesn't do that .
my dogs love this treat . they could never have enough of it . it is not only tasty but healthy as well .
i got these to assist in training a new dog . i'm not very dedicated in my training , but she loves the treats .
this isn't what i had expected , but this does the job . may purchase a product such as this once again !
these were very high quality snacks . it had vitamins that were delicious and nutricious . i would purchase again . perfect for older dogs .
not at all to my cat's liking . she was curious about it once and hasn't gone near it since even when i pour catnip on the thing .
i gave them away to a friend of mine who does rescue . my dogs didn't like it enough to even try it . they didn't like the smell .
this is the only fabric toy in our house that my dog has not destroyed . it's great for fetch or tug and super durable !
this seems to be working . the only problem is that you have to spray every day . but my cat stopped spraying in the one corner .
my cat immediately went crazy with this toy . so much fun to watch her antics and it's good for her health .
but my dogs devour them so fast , i wonder how much dental cleaning is going on . can't hurt , and my dogs love them .
my dogs like them and they are a good size for training . a little high in fat , but not too bad .
keeps the bugs away . gives me peace of mind that the dog is flea free and that this product does all it claims .
does what its intended to do . fish and coral love this product and can't wait to get more and more .
with the price of this you'd be better off giving your dog a piece pvc pipe to chew ! my dogs are just not interested in it !
this item is used to feed a stray cat he seems to enjoy it so far . my cats are only given high-qualtiy , expensive premium food .
too stinky . although my dog seemed to have liked it , i wasn't thrilled to have it inside my place . not good
every dog in my house love them ! great price for amazing amount of treats , i will be buying more !
this is a nice winter jacket that has survived several foster dogs with no issues , to date , even after being washed many times .
this product works great ! the dogs cross over one and other and this does not tangle . i use it with a puppia leash . highly recommend .
it was not large it was so small so this is misleading very disappointed order two of the them for my large dogs
my silky terrier loves this dog toy . it is very cute and we have had it for over a year and it still plays the happy birthday song .
we use these for our goldendoodle . nice quality , lots of colors . plenty to share with other dogs in the family . thank you
water clarifier works ok with a couple of doses , you will have better luck with proper water changes and save your money .
our 9 year old schnauzer was given drops on her dog food everyday for one week , and has gone weeks now without any problems .
you would think they were horses with the way our dogs like their apple oatmeal treats , they enjoy them while working and before bed
i was looking for an alternative for fleas and came across this . they did not work , i tried for 2 months and there were still fleas .
these bones were chewed down quickly . i was really disappointed because nylabones used to be the only thing i felt good about giving my dogs .
i have been looking for this product for months now and i am glad i found it ! my 4 cats just have a ball playing with da bird !
not much more one can say . perhaps i should add that it seems durable . john loves it , and he is the one using it !
they are soft and fun to cuddle with and since they are older , they don't rip the heads and tail off like their house mates
i have been cleaning my carpet with this from a small dog who keeps peeing inside and it seems to get rid of the oder great !
i have used these for years . the mini ones are easier for the dogs to chew than the bigger ones ..
she ate every bit and i love that it's natural without filler and by products etc . perfect dog food . get it !
good price , it works as expected when you follow the directions . very important to indicate need for a water change or cleaning to remove toxic nitrates .
what can i say good poop bags to pick up my dogs poop . it is thick enough and i dont see my dogs poop through it .
my cockers love the crunchy treats , both the berry and the apple flavors . they smell really good , too . i little pricey , tho
i personally have not eaten beef in gravy , but my cats appear to like it judging my their clean plates .
it was a perfect fit , but then again it was made byt he manufacturer of the 404 that i own .
great treats for my 2 puppies it would have been five stars but when they came most of the treats were crushed to powder
this product is good it was good while it lasted then my cats just decided to ignore the sound this makes and just wander off wherever they want :(
my cats love these . there's no way i can ever let these run out at my house ... my cats would hound me until i reordered them .
only way i can get my rescued large breed dog ( with big teeth ) to take meds . these are fresh & soft & he devours them .
this is a great stainless steel pail . i a using it to keep my dog grooming brushes and combs in .
really brings out the color of my fish . espcially the red in some of the fish
simple and basic cat toy , yet provides tons of entertainment . our cats love these . so far they have held up really well .
keep temperature pretty accurate . i have been using it for a while and keep the same temperature in the tank .
you need these bags . they are strong . i just wish they had a drawstring top . the cat doesn't care , but i do :-)
these are a great natural treat - i have yet to find a dog ( and cat ) that does not love them !
the pups did not hesitate over these new treats . they seemed to enjoy them and i was happy their teeth were getting clean .
the water fountain this goes with does a great job ... and the subscribe and save makes it a great price .. too ... love it .
these were great , but not enough for my 55 gallon tank . get way bigger ones if you want results . thanks .
i am pleased with this product and i even purchased a second one for my lake house and my puppy loves themboth .
he has a one track ball so we thought the cat would like this ? well he does and he enjoys the cat nip center
just a great crate ... will grow with our puppy as she grows because of partition ... she loves it
she has buried it someplace for safekeeping and now the ground is covered with snow . i will have to buy another .
this ran small , i definitely recommend going up a size . i think it would be great if it actually fit .
excellent fish food . fish devour it , it won't cloud your tank , your chemistry stays good , and everybody wins , including your black calvus .
it work great for my 5 lb chihuahua until my landscaper ran it over with a lawn tractor . i will buy again
in the evening we put out and hide these drops and make the dogs hunt for them . they enjoy that
my dogs love these chicken and rice balls as a snack or evening treat . they apparently love the crunch and taste of them .
my furkids love to play with this toy . should have bought more than one . toy is durable and made well .
this is your basic one cup scoop which works just fine because i feed my dog one cup of food per day .
exactly as described , works great and is a larger size than you would think which works great on 55 gallon or larger tanks . couldn't ask for more .
my dogs have fought over it , abused it and it was bitten through in less than 10min of them having it .
cats love this stuff , i like the ingredients better than 9 lives . i put it out and they chow down happily .
works great and is very accurate . it does take several minutes for the thermometer to adjust to the temperature of the tank .
i love the locker . no messy bucket or stinky odor from the bucket . if you have the locker , you are going to need refills .
using the omega cat litter box plus that a @h additive , i get great results with two big cats . i highly recommend using the two together !
i am returning this toy as soon as possible.the odor is unbearable and it's not safe for my puppy or any pets
best guinea pig food . timothy hay is the first ingredient and the nutritional values are the best you'll find . also , my piggie loves it !
my dogs love these . they are a healthy product and easy to use as training treats . i am glad i found them
im using this in my penguin 350 . buying big so when i upgrade to a bigger tank ill be set .
just as described . perfectly plush and cute design . the pooch obviously loves it . cleans easily and seems brand new when out of the dryer .
it works great on my little papillons ! they seem to calm down when wearing them in stressful situations ! i am very pleased !
i like any treat that helps my dogs teeth and mouth plus it keeps the little buggers busy for a minute .
didn't last five minutes . pretty sad . was hoping for at least 20 minutes of chew time out of it . oh well .
fits in mouth like real bone ; sturdy and durable . if your dog is a chewer , these are great toys . also floats .
if u have a big dog or a good chewer , this break apart quickly into sharp pieces , threw mine out
these collapsable bowls are great for use in our camper and you can't beat the price ! a + would buy again ..
my dog loves these treats . we do agility and i use it in training and trials . he gets so excited when i bring it out .
the dogs love them and i like a more natural product for them . i plan on buying more of these again .
my pups really enjoy these treats . so good for training . i would highly recommend this product to anyone that is serious in training their dogs .
these are like brownie moist . great for hiding pills , etc . both dogs loved ' em . wish they weren't so expensive . otherwise awesome !
it makes my fish happy , which makes me happy.they like eating it , and it changes it up from the normal old flakes ...
this is a sturdy table so the dogs feel safe on it . moves nicely , works great with my dogs . love the purple !
our animals love all the merrick wet and dry dog food that we've bought . also , they are made in the usa !
what's not to love ? perfect sized dog bowls . easy to clean . low-profile . my dogs are happy with them . great price .
great idea and productthe cats had no trouble adjusting to it.clean - up it a breeze in any room of the house .
i get these on a subscription basis since i know they are good for my dogs and they just love them .
these collars were just as advertised and a good value - significantly cheaper than at local stores . a good value .
another good item that was just as described . it fit great , and looks great . easy to get on as well .
helps make cleaning and smell less noticeable . lot easier to change bags the purchasing plastic receptacles . don't know how lived without it .
fruitables skinny minis pumpkin & berry soft & chewy dog treats are one of the few things my extremely fussy eater likes on occasion .
very happy with the purchase of these filters , they keep my dogs water bowl clean and fresh . i think it keeps my dogs healthier .
i give my old cat a baby aspirin a day in a pill pocket . they crumble too easily and do not stick together to disguise the pill .
my cat really loves these things all of my cats do , they must be pretty good to there palette , the bag goes pretty fast :)
antler is described as " giant " when in actuality it was the same size as " medium " antlers i have previously ordered from another amazon seller .
this is good stuff . i only heard reviews until a few months ago . i have switched to this completely now .
great price for the use i needed it to for my fish tank . this was bought as i needed extra hose as i didn't have enough .
we get a jolt when we test it but i don't think the cat has because she's scared to step on it . which is just as good .
he's not a that big a fan of it but it's a good idea . he just needs some encouragement i guess .
this really helps to keep my puppy from missing her training pad . very good product - actually wish it was a little bigger .
the best little face comb i ever had , very practicle to clean and unknot around the eyes and nose , love that face comb .
i love this mat so much that i bought one for my sister and for my son . it's neat and flat and soaks up water .
i believe that it probably is just my pups , but they aren't crazy on how hard these are . they prefer the nubby nylabones to these .
my little guy just could not get enough of these . he just kept going in circles for them , and wanted more .
he gets one every night after dinner and he snatches it ( gently ! ) and runs off to another room to eat it undisturbed !
my dog will grudgingly take this . he often leaves it for days before giving in ... i don't think he likes them ...
this item is always a big hit in our household . our cats love scratching on it . it's also nice and wide .
i have 5 filters that use this unit . they are very durable and they last a very , very long time .
very good product . durable , easy to use . bowl sit inside the plastic holder , which is stable and won't spill over . fefe like it !
i use this little comb to groom my dogs face , it helps that it's very small and un-cumbersome to use near her eyes .
... for a while . then the dogs get used to it , and it's not very effective . there are better products to use .
not much i can say , these work as advertised . i do love the colors ! the fit snug on standard cans of dog food .
this is such a cute idea and so much good messy fun for my african grey to tear it apart .
best value and pretty good for this price . i like the paw trax pads better but these are better than other cheaper brands .
great food , my dog loves it and has been healthy since she started eating it as a puppy . the stool is always nice and firm :) .
my beagle still scratches herself everyda , and seems she needs more than 2 tubes to cover her back . the instruction said uses i tube each month ..
i thought that would love it , but they casually step over it if it is in their path and never play with it despite the catnip .
i wish they would put a t in with it but there is a regulator and you can change how many bubbles you get . i like it .
my older dog is a veteran intelligence toy user so we wanted something to interest her and challenge her - this definitely did both .
happy to discover this brand . i am always concerned with what goes in to treat . this is good quality & both my cats & dogs like it .
i am using this product on my horse for flaky skin . it is soothing and is easy to work with . the price is reasonable .
we have 3 of these gates and they are the most attractive and best on the market .
this makes for great disposal for one's cat litter . use it all the time ! no smell , no mess !
this does a decent job , but the naturvet grasssaver tablets seems to do a better job for zoe and me
all my cats love it ( along with my ibd / ibs cat ) . they never leave a crumb in the bowl .
have used this for many rescued dogs who are off their feed . picks them right up . good product for sick critters .
these have to be kept in the icebox so it's a chore to get them good girl treats when they come in !
this toy is a big hit with our cats - we thought they'd get bored but it hasn't happened and we've had this in place several months now !
the shipping is fast easy and the product is amazing . i have liked each item my dermagic i have order.thanks so muchsweet little schnoodles of michigan
fit oerfecrly in my 75 gallon tank water evap droped down a lot . clear so light really geta in and very sturdy
hard as a rock almost but still food edible and not artificial - my puppy chews one all day - they last for weeks
i gave to my rats but they won't go near these things . neither one of them . will not repurchase . :(
i have this in my 5 gallon aquarium and it works perfectly ; highly recommend it !
wonderful product . it works to keep my maltipoo's eyes clean with minimal dose of 1/4 tsp sometimes as few as 3 times a week .
my fish love this . i would recommend this product to anyone who keeps tropical fish . especially small ones or babies .
i am not sure if this is good for their hip and joint but for sure my pomeranian love the taste .
best toy ever ! they get lots of exercise and have lots of fun stalking and catching this . go get yours !
makes dog ear hair pulling a 5 minute job and doesn't cause pain for the dog . it is a good grooming tool
and surely a whole lot better than a fish or chicken flavor when the cat licks it into his fur .
a small bit goes a long way , it lathers up great , nice fruity smell and really does heal skin i will buy again
i have 2 maltese pups and adult pom . these wipes are a must have when we're away from home . a good purchase .
was not expecting it to be so neon pink but i love it and there are easy to see on her paws if she gets one off .
these work just fine have bought before . they are just part of having fish so it's something you need so you buy them .
these kind of work for my chihuahua . he likes them and they help him mellow out for an hour , but that's about it .
i like to spray my puppy down with it after i give her a bath . it has a very pleasant scent , and lasts for a little while
this would be perfect for only 1 or 2 cats , i have 4 , doesn't take long at all to fill it
my 2 cats love the incline scratcher and these refills fit the kong brand that i bought . not much else to say .
my layla loves this duck . i have bought her 3 and she knows where all of them are . loves it .
as soon as my one year old cat saw this he immediately began to play with it . it is a good length and durable .
i love all the bio-silk products . both of my yorkies coats always look very good ... silky , shines , and smell very good !
wonderful toothpaste . my dogs loves the taste . i love the way it helps clean their teeth . couldn't be more happier .
i want it my dreams came trueuse my cat for first time my cat is big very agressive loves go outside
tetramin has always been a good fish food for my fish they really grow fast with it . try it you won't be dissapointed
cute , it did take a while for it to start to light up . they do play with it in the bergan tube toy .
my dog loves this food . but it is so expensive . and she always seems hungry , not sure it is hungry or she just loves the stuff .
it is a 20 foot tie out as described and does what it is supposed to do ! good price for the item .
excellent for all aquariums ! great for cycling and start up , overstocked tanks , adding new fish , and especially for ammonia sensitive fish . perfect for goldfish
works well , but wish it wasn't quite that wide . use it on a shorthaired cat with an undercoat , and it removes the undercoat .
this is a heavy duty toy . we have a 65 lb , . , 7 1/2 month old pitbull , and he loves this ,
my dog is obsessed with this call . i just ordered the soccer ball because it larger . wish they made these in basketball size
often the shelter i volunteer has bags . but i bought these to distribute periodically for smaller events they host when bags are not available or whatnot .
perfect for small dogs and the toy is much more compact . our little beagle is in love with this guy and refuses to go to crate without him .
since my friend's cat is up there in age , she continues to order this product so she can give him his pills for his kidney disease .
my cats don't give this the time of day , but they are kind of stupid soooo it could just be them
i don't know , i guess i spoil my guys . they love fish flavors but will eat others in this variety pack if they have to .
it is a very nice carrier , but i needed it for a flight , and it is too long to fit under the seat so i had to return
nice long-lasting chew ( 10-15 minutes ) for my 2 australian shepherds . it must be tasty as they look forward to getting it .
my babies love these pill pockets ... they think they are treats so it's no problem at all giving them a pill
heavy material withstands to nesting behavior of my miniature dachshunds but it would have warranted at least four stars if the material was water resistant .
good bags , i use for phosguard and carbon put into the filter , nice size for it . fast shipping from amazon , i will get some more
i had nitrate problems for a while so i bought this to help . upon my surprise this dropped my nitrate levels in less than one week .
our big-chewer border collie loves this ! he can hold it in different positions as he chews , and there are 3 ends to work on .
they dry out pretty quickly and were not very effective for my whilte maltese . i will stay with the liquid eye wash from now on .
i am always forgetting snacks for the cats at the market , so gratefully i can order them on amazon and my cat will love me more .
right from my first initial go at setting up my tank , i've been using this product . works great and is easy to use .
first bowl we have found our destructive and wild border collie can't tip over ! success at last ! thrilled with this product .
my cats love this toy and come running to play when i pick it up.they even " argue " over who gets to play .
it is hard to find toys for such a small mouth , this one works and bounces funny so she is entertained .
this mat works well and as advertised . holds a decent amount of spilled liquid and stays in place .
ive tried numerous brands but fhis is the best . fhey make big ones . other companies make them flimsy and smalll .
our cats love zanies real rabbit fur mice ! they lose them and eat the tails and have tons of fun with them !
looks adorable on my little man . he looks like a little frat guy . it is slightly long for him , but still a great product .
it fits into the white kitty litter cabinet i got from amazon and this is the correct size , and my kittens use it daily .
bought this for my small dog and it's great . very good value for great bowls . and very cute ! easy to clean and won't move
i use this as a top off pump for my 90 gallon saltwater aquarium . it works great for this application , it's quiet , and inexpensive .
purchased for an animal shelter as it was on their wish listthey break it into small pieces for a healthy treat .
have mastiff & this is one of the few toys that can survive his jaws . durable & long lasting . very happy .
the cats love these . it's a good thing i love my cats , because these things deteriorate pretty fast ... and they are expensive !
the six foot leash is colored for safety is priced right . its durable and strong . i would recommend it . good product .
i buy all of my pets food on amazon . the prices are great and with the free shipping over $ 25.00 it's a win win deal !
it is durable , washable , and my dog loves it . the size is best for a medium to large size dog .
this is great for the price and works but don't expect a custom looking fit for every car . overall i am happy though .
you'll need these for your filter . make sure you change them as specified to keep your tank at it's cleanest .
this looks like a nice durable leash , i like the safety feature . it is long and has a comfortable handle .
for the price ya cant go wrong . it takes a while to get here but it is comming from over seas .
so far , so good with this one ... it doesn't smell great but the nutrients and minerals will keep your dog naturally healthy and happy .
he has a hard time with his big snout getting them out of the tree stump , but it is cute to watch and he loves the squirrels .
with the mess of the contaminate jerky from china . i must say this is not a bad substitution . good quality over all
it foams up the water in the fish tank so fish are getting more oxygen . i recommend to fish hobbyists .
this is a stylish " pleather " harness for my lil yorkie girl bike companion and i can safely clip her into her front pack when we ride !
clumps good , doesn't break apart when scooping , low dust , no perfume smell and works great for my cat . no issues with it at all .
had a very weird smell . don't know why but did not give to my dogs . didn't like the ingredients either .
weeellllll , it looks good in the package . just can't get my daughter to put it in her turtle tank . teenagers ! ! !
nothing too special , it just does as it says . although it is very durable and reusable , so it's also economical .
i'm a sucker for anything cute so of course i picked this waterer.don ' t worry though my two kitties are girls lol .
it is just a harness was just like the picture and came ups pretty fast . price was ok and might buy another one .
we love the durability and comfort of planet dog leashes and have been using them for years . my only complaint is that they don't come in more colors .
relatively cheap filters and these are so easy to replace . as long as my water fountain works i do not foresee switcheing to anything else .
my dog really didnt like them . my cat did though so i gave them to her . i also did not like the smell of them
these have the best catnip in the world in them and the cats all love them . sometimes they even fight over them .
great for getting matts out , but be careful it is very sharp , nice shaped handle that has a thumb holder for gripping .
love the teeny bone shaped size . they are perfect size to satisfy my pooches without putting extra weight on them .
it has strips that read the various levels of ph etc . i recommend to fish hobbyists . fits well with tetra products .
my 3 toy dogs like just about every treat put before them except these and the other plato organic chicken treats .
my cats love this scratch lounger and use it daily for playing , scratching and lounging ! ! these replacements are god quality and reasonably priced
our 10 month old puppy just wasn't that keen to play with this toy , it's a good size for her , 14 pounds .
my 2 cats loved this so much that i bought them another one so each cat would have their own .
love the options on this carrier for putting your animal in it . it's very well built and the perfect size for a medium sized animal .
i been using this i just don't see any improvements with my dog i will keep letting him take it but i might have too find something else .
my 27 pound mongrel chewed this up in about five minutes . too soft for a chewer type dog . maybe a toy dog would appreciate .
one collar would not work or charge at all , sending back . not planning on getting another one , seems cheaply made
i tried this because it is dingo's and my dogs loved it . the smell is bacon and soft little bits .
all my dogs like this , they will last for a long time , they do not get treats all the time . but they like these
perfect kennels for my tzu / pom and my pekeapoo ! love them , great size , great quality , half the price of purchasing local !
this is a good product to train your dog - my dog loves these things .
these fountains work well and are easy to clean . my cats love the fresh water i have 3 of them .
i believe it is tasty . my girl loves it and looks forward to one of these treats . received quickly and was packaged nicely .
our puppy doesn't shiver when she wears her hoodie ! it's so cute on her , and we have matching american apparel ones for us !
my 12 week old corgi puppy is obsessed with these balls . he loves playing fetch with them , and they are incredibly durable !
i have been using this for quite some time . they love this stuff and come to get it very quickly .
it didn't show up anything and i know for a fact there was something on rug . sent back for refund .
looks good , smells good and must taste good as dogs gobble it down . fine ingredients which easily mix with dry food .
squeaker mats are a huge favorite with us ! highly recommend . we have them all and advocate them always.fun fun .
i did not like this product because it did not work as well as the manufacturer stated that it would .
friskies is a good product.my cat is 21 yrs old & friskies has for the most part been much of his diet over the years
used to use this for over a year and then i switched to chemipure elite and never looked back anymore .
this is the best toy that we have purchased for our kitten . we just through these down on the ground and she plays for about half and hour .
i've been feeding my cichlids this food for along time . i have always had good results with it and my fish have always seem to take it happily .
my fat cat jumped on top of the hideout and bent it , i don't think she knew she was supposed to get inside . ( silly cat )
dogs enjoyed it . it is a chew toy a little bigger than my hand . worth the $ 3 i paid for it .
i like this one because it doesn't get all slimy after a couple of days . these filter will keep the bowl quite clean .
i've been trying to find a way to get lysine into my cats . these may be perfectly good ches , but unfortunately my cats just wouldn't eat them .
bought this a few years back for my miniature dachshunds and it's still working like new . very good quality . i would definitely recommend for small dogs .
always worked for me in the past , but this infection is hopeless . i'll have to destroy the fish
unlike the gravity feeder , they don't eat like maniacs and turn into fat cats with heath problems that lay around .
here a squeaker , there a squeaker , everywhere a squeaker squeaker ! even if one poops out , you got a bunch that still work
only buy kyjen products for my dogs . quality , value and great appeal to the dogs ! they are also very long lasting toys .
my dogs love these also . it is their favorite treat , besides the greenies . i'll be buying more soon . they get one just before bedtime .
you just have to make sure that it's a nice clean cut . use pressure and one swift movement and the nail won't tear or get jagged .
nice toy for med to small parrots not at all for any of the larger ( destroyers ) as it's a dinner time toy at best .
my 5 lb yorkie just loves these . i feel that they're a good healthy treat for her . yes i recommend them .
our 1 1/2 year old mixed 63 pound pup loves these bones . while they don't last as long as the super sized ones they still are worth it .
does not fit on the cage very well and my birds would not even go near it , but seems well constructed .
bought this for our cat isis who can jump 6 feet fence , atleast we know where to find her . really gives us peace of mind.thanks again , bobby
i wanted something totally pure for cleaning the eye areas of my tonkinese kitties . this is absolutely perfect and i will never be without it !
my cats go crazy about this ! even more than da bird ! it is expensive considering its short life but it's well worth it .
our airedale loves these so much he practically pushes us out the door as he gets one when we leave him home alone .
good ingredients , good for cats ' teeth . comes as ordered , well packed . what's not to love ? even save a dollar from having a subscription !
my dogs will not eat this , will be returning this w / the other terat that is too smokey , too . cede
i used this and it worked fine . i ended up getting a litter genie which has its own scoop and caddy built in , super handy .
omg ! the dogs love these things . they are made in america . they don't contain any allergens . priced pretty good . i will be buying again .
love this pump . works perfect for a diy auto top off system on my sump for my reef tank . priced great as well .
good product that works well but its just plastic so you would think it should only cost a few cents to make .
if your dog enjoys chewing , this will not last . once empty my dog just tore it apart .
my dogs love all the treats i can freeze in the tray . the price is much cheaper than at the local pet stores .
this is the best price i have found for this product . shipping was very fast .
i will be thrilled if they help , because my 150 # great dane , jethro , eats them like they were candy . stay tuned .
well made , is supposed to calm dogs down . did not work for my tail chasing jordan , but then nothing else has yet either .
gets the tangles out of my hairy cat's fur without hurting her ... and she likes it :-) it's sturdy and removes a lot of hair .
unfortunately it's just a necessity when you own a breed that has tear stains , it does a good job but it's kind of pricey .
i bought this for my daughter's dog , a rottweiller shepherd mix . this works absolutley great on his undercoat.and cuts down on shedding .
i gave this to my dog for christmas and he pranced around very proud of himself , very durable , he has not chewed it up yet .
this harness is difficult to get on as to most ! once on it does what it should ... no i would not recommend
doesn't really removed hair and is a hassle to clean and dry . there's nothing better than the sticky roller for pet hair removal in my opinion
this is the perfect indestructable dog bed . it is pricey , but is worth every penny . my dog will have this bed for many many years !
my cats love this pad . they scratch and then lay down and go to sleep on it or just lounge . well worth the purchase .
high quality product that holds our two smaller dogs.fits great in our suv and keeps the dogs safe and comfortable .
this toy is poorly made and didn't last 30 minutes in my house with my dogs that weigh under 20 pounds
i use the quick filters in my water dragon enclosure . i love the quick filter for quick change outs . it doesn't get much easier .
absolutely hands down necessity , reduces the amount of waste in cage utterly dramatically . incredibly essential for anyone with a bird near cockatiel range .
this is a wonderful guinea pig kit to start with . item is as described . i recommend to anyone that is buying a guinea pig .
my smaller girl dog like this one . she runs around the house with it . its really quite durable . i was surprised as it is so small .
what a wonderful idea to use this mat under the entrance to the litter box . catches the loose litter really well . great product .
these bowls are the perfect size for my 5 month old kitten . they clean up nice and are skid proof
my dog loves them and they were just what i was looking for and trying to replace . glad i tried them .
this specific item ( three count pack ) is not available at my local pet store , so i am very pleased to stock up on this stuff !
very tall , good for my big puppy , recommend it for those who need to control their trouble makers / jumpers . . . . .
i have not noticed a lot of tartar reduction but i have noticed better smelling breath in both dogs . thanks
my puppy learned how to use it in one day ! really good and good looking too ! i really liked it !
doesn't stay frozen long so it doesn't benefit the puppies for the purpose of soothing gums . not worth the money .
just like the other zuke's products i've bought , these treats really hit the spot with my boxer . he loves ' em !
great food ! i switch off with the chicken , lamb , and beef . my dog loves it and he's 15 years old !
i've been using this treat bag lately , and i really like it . makes it easier to train my dogs and clients ' doggies .
this is not very good it doesnt keep my tank clear i reccomend to just buy a different brand this one is not that good
this sweater was absolutely adorable and perfect ! ! and surprisingly our puppy liked wearing it . might order a larger size for mypoor corgi shaped dog .
been using this brand for a while and it seems to be great . decent sized bottle for 1/3 the cost of the chain pet stores .
dog loves these and they are made in the usa and are healthy treats.perfect size for training .. definite buy recommend ..
works excellent when it comes to testing my water level . i highly recommend it ! quality is really good also , and it provides me with enough tests !
didn't care for the fit on my dog . the buckles across the abdomen are rather large , and could be redesigned to be less intrusive .
great gift to donate to rescue for shelter dogs i can not think of anything else to say this is why i do not like to write reviews
the reason i gave this item an ok was that our dog loves these as a treat but we have not seen a difference in his coat or flacking .
this is long enough to reach all the way across my apartment , and totally eliminates the need for buckets . it is completely plastic but seems reasonably sturdy .
i bought these treats as a replacement for high calorie rawhide . they are a bit expensive but worth it . my dog loves them .
my dog really likes this bone and it's been very durable so far ( 3 + months ) . plus it was a great price on amazon .
i use these days as i michaelsville filter just to keep it a little bit ask for more filtering i love it it works nice they really cheap like
compared to the pet stores , this was a bargain . i will be buying more of these from amazon since i have two of the litter lockers .
this variety is their least favorite of the shredded / gravy options . not sure why but the others they eat have either cheese or veggies added too .
does what its supposed to do . capable of keeping all the purigen inside and yet able to make the water flow through with no problem at all .
works really well . easy to use . doesn't come with batteries though . wish it was a little longer too , need 3 for sectionals .
these are awesome , my puppy use to tear up his puppy pads , these are so much better for my needs .
it is one of my dog's favorite bed ! it is so nicely made ! it is better than it was described ! super fast and great delivery !
these were a godsend when i was not able to clean out my cat's box every month . now i use them when i travel .
this product make cutting your dogs nails a breeze . i would purchase this item again . make sure you buy the right size !
perfect for my 30 gallons salt water tank fish seem to happy , and not strong to blow away my coral
this product works well to deter your dog from behavior you don't want . one canister is enough to do the job .
we use this blade on the horses and the dogs , the blades are strong and sturdy - they last for many uses .
i buy other halo products but my cat loves fish flavor above all else , and she can't get enough of this
this pair of scissors allowed me to trim my dog's hair safely . i think this is a good tool if you want to trim your dog's hair .
great product for poop picking up . bags don't break and are sturdy . you will be delighted to not have poop on your hands .
would i buy these for my fur babies again ? yes ! they love them and i keep the treats close by when grooming them ... bribes . :)
why pay more at the local pet store when you can have the same product delivered to your door . it's a no brainer .
although this is really cute , it didn't last longer than a few hours . but that's because my dog is very destructive .
betta fish and neon tetras seem to love it . i do " grind " with fingers as i sprinkle it into tank .
cat likes it , clumps nicely , controls odor well , low dust . doesn't even track that badly , especially considering my long-hair cat .
this is a great lead for a strong dog . it is so durable and i highly recommend this lead . it has a strongleather based making
my cat " fell " for the laser once then quit chasing it all together . i gave it a friend who gives presentations .
my fussy dog rejected this treat completely . i was disappointed because it sounds good to me , but we frequently disagree on favorite snacks .
gets all the small crumbs and hair my regular straw type broom would leave behind . it is nice that you can use it outside too .
this size was a tad too small for my 12lb jack russell but the design and construction is great ! i love the non-slip base .
does the job and love i can hide the poopie touched side inside the holder so my children dont come in contact with it
it's catnip . my cat liked this the same as any other brand . i love the tin the catnip comes in :)
kitties come running for these treats with soft centers . my cat's prefer the temptations to others-price cheaper on here than other places .
this water bottle is very handy . i take it on all walks with my dog . easy to carry and easy to use .
all of oxbow products are excellently made . i believe the food i buy from them is the reason i have happy and healthy guinea pigs throughout their lives .
we put this near the cats litter box and it seems to help . the cat area does not smell too bad anymore .
my pit brock chewed his head off in one hour ! if you have a pit don't waste your $ $ $ not worth it
the system works very well and it is very convenient . i like it . only issue is that bubble is two big .
the senior dogs gobble this up , especially when they are not hungry for anything else mixes great with rice and chicken
will not drink the water , tried everythingreally must not taste good , so not for usdog will not drink
i used the blade on 2 dogs and it works really good . these blades hold up well after many times of use .
so disappointed . it didn't even last 5 minutes . she tore the corner off and the thing was shot . forget it .
my 14 year old yorkie , koko , devours cesar in all its forms . and he is picky ! ! ! a pleasure to watch him enjoy !
my 11 - month old american staffordshire terrier loves these treats . he get one when he's a " good boy " and does his business outside .
i like the rod the rope keeps getting knotted and the metal part broke so now the rope is shorter and the other part was replaced .
our cat doesn't like every toy , but this one , she will seek out on her own if we don't play with her for a while .
dog likes them and takes them as a treat . still not sure if glycosamine is doing anything for him but does not hurt .
this is the granddaddy of all scoopers . i have used those cheap ones that flex when trying to dig out the wet stuff . this one works great .
my girls love the treats from wilderness and i have to say that i enjoy buying them for them but i just wish they weren't so expensive .
these are hard to find at reasonable prices at local fish store , i change them once yearly to keep my plants healthy .
she got it today and is playing tug of war and swinging them around like they are attacking her . so cute !
it hasn't really been tested by my dog because he has no interest in it . seems like a tough toy though .
this product was suggested by our vet . hard to tell if it is working as it was suggested as a preventative measure for my dog .
my goldens love this and it doesnt fall apart in the water ! very durable and soft at the same time ! love the extra stitching !
i think cheap light duty feminine napkins work better and stay in place better . these do the job , but are expensive .
the dogs looked at it sniffed it walked away & haven't gone back to it . i am returning this it doesn't work .
the dogs love it - makes a good training treat and it really smells just like sweet potatoes - will definitely get it again
purchased this and got it by mistake but my newly rescued conure loves it .
cats love it but put it away when not using . cats chew on wire and it frays , then becomes dangerous to them .
my cats love this toy , they play a lot with this toy mostly of all the toys they own .
my akita loves these . she's very picky on treats but she will eat these every time without exception . good deal ! !
i've only had it for about a week but the kitten absolute loves it . when he gets in his hyper modes he attacks that thing like a savage haha
this is a great product for the dogs . i have 5 large dogs and they love these rawhide . they last for hours .
. this is a fun toy for your dog . my dog just loves it and carries it all around . buy one .
my pets normally are free to roam in most areas of the house , but for their safety when i go to work these crates are perfect !
we are potty training our cats right now and this stuff works great , we live in mexico and have horrible plumbing and we have not had any problems !
i use fluval on my marine aquarium and love it . these pads are a great way to trap those finer particles and keep the water crystal clear
i was very pleased with this item . really nice quality and safe for my dog . packaged well and was as presented .
as the title states this leash is top of the line . the attention to detail is awesome , and i even get compliments . love the leash .
coolaroo seems to make a really good product it cleans easily and all of our dogs love it . we have them outside and inside the house .
i found a 1/2 oz measuring spoon much easier to use than this.it empties quicker & better to sprinkle out the angel eyes powder .
i purchased this item for my min pin puppies because it is soft and waterproofand i am very happy with it .
this spray does help calm your puppy down and is a bit costly but i feel it is worth using .
my cat will not eat anything but this food . she wont eat more expensive food , either . this is it , and she recommends it . lol
the best stand-alone aquarium thermometer i have owned . it is much better than the old fashioned kind . very accurate , and is easy to read .
the stray cats that live in my shed use it in the winter . it must keep them warm . i will definitely recommend it .
very disappointed . placed the product next to flea ridden pet bedding . three days later , the only thing it caught was a moth and an ant .
off on off on was hoping for a timer i could set 2 deterrent ways i cant see how this would be perfect for anything
they were great but bag too small . i wish i ordered a bigger bag but rather pricey . i will look for more .
the cats at the shelter love this food ! i was asked to buy this for their favorite choice ! of all choices .. they wanted this ! thanks !
cleans great everyone loves my puppies smellcleans great just have to remember to shake or it comes out sticky don't know why
this stuff is amazing . my older cat was having trouble walking . i started her on this and she walks a lot better . thanks .
i like these and tried as a substitute for the others i normally purchase . however , they are not as big as what i am used too .
it works well , zips up to small carry size . cleans out easy . perfect for cross country trips with dog . very convenient for hotel .
dogs love dragging these around the house and chomping away at them . they also tend to find their way into the truck on road trips .
these are tough bonesi have 1 rottweiler and 1 boxer and they weren't able to crack themthey are still on themvery happy with them
kong makes a toy that is hard for dogs to tear apart . love it ! would order this toy again if i needed to .
my dogs really like them , no stomach upsets and they are easy to chew if you have a small dog .
works well , the dog stops limping when used daily . i can tell when i skip it by mistake because the imp returns .
small , useful , fun , easy ... it is the size i would recommend . you don't need to throw the ball that far so this is perfect !
it fits on easy and is large enough for my husky to hall all his own things . i like the metal clip too
my pit bull brock luvs this bone and he actually chews it ! i wish his other toys were this good :( will order again from this vendor
doesn't last too long but worth $ 3 . don't buy toys at the pet store , since biters will chew through them anyways .
i have 3 cats and so this group of 6 is an amazing deal ! thanks for offering this great price too !
once again , maggie and her other canine friends ( and canine family ) loves the salon treats .
my cats love this product . i used to buy wheat grass at the grocery store . this is a much easier
i feed her a variety of other things too . she was eating roudybush , but seemed to get tired of it . this she loves
i like the fine cut on them and the juicy juice--or rather , my cats do . i get them frequently for them .
this filter worked just fine for my 10 gallon betta tank . betta's don't need major filtration systems , or high water flow , so this one was adequate .
you can really see the difference in the dogs teeth and it doesnt upset stomach so thats another bonus .
my grand daughters rabbit loves this although he tears it apart and makes a mess .. but very much enjoyed
good buy for item needed on regular basis and free delivery how can you go wrong ! will be back for more .
never got a chance to stuff with treats because the ~ 80lb cur had it distroyed in moments . it is not durable for a strong chewer .
great product at a great price ! i have 3 aquariums and do a lot of testing . this is much more economical than buying in a pet store .
works perfect in my home made system . filters well and easy to remove . i really like this product . will purchase again .
i loved these i use them on our large cat and our kitten i love them super easy and great
it's thin and cheaply made , but ti does the job , i have no complains . i would buy it again just because of the price .
maybe it's the weird shape and the fact it doesn't firmly stay on the floor , but my cats won't go near it .
allowed a substantial amount of hose for easy-hookup to a 45 gallon aquarium to keep fish during winter months . thanks
we use these to scoop the litter box for our two cats . they are a great size for quick duty and have never broken .
it was 4th of july he was really anxious , so i need to use it more often to get thr result i'm looking for .
my cats like this food ... but for some reason neither of them will eat the seafood platter flavor . other than that they seem to like it .
good price for a complete testing kit . easy to test and seems to be accurate . have trouble with consistent ph readings ...
keeps mess to a minimum without enclosing the cat . very happy with my choice to purchase and i think my kiki is happy too .
great idea , but my dog ate more out of it than the cat . so it wasn't good for us sadly . but great quality and product !
helps so much when i hang up the bird feeder . tried other means - - they don't compare . get this one !
it does the job but takes quite a while to gather all the hair ( i comb through my sofa everyday ) ! be prepared for an arm workout .
my german shepherd loves this dog food and he is happy and healthy . he eats about 3.5 cups a day .
been using frontline for years and have found no better substitute . works great as always and our dog has never had flea problems .
my cats do not like this toy . i've had it for a few weeks and never see them playing with it . i would not recommend it .
this is a darling , well made harness . my dog gets more compliments when wearing it than at any other time !
my dog loves ducks so we are always on the look out for yet another duck toy . this one is made well . super cute and distinctive .
tried many different ways and means to safely travel in my car with scooter . very satisfied with this harness auto restraint . it works great .
i needed a small gate to keep all the dogs out of the livingroom , this mini gate with the extensions is just right !
i bought 2 and my two girls just love them . they are a nice color and so soft . highly recommend them
does a great job keeping my dogs clean . this conditioner moisturizes the dogs skin and coat . they smell clean and fresh after the bath .
these are so much fun . they lasted about 10 seconds , but i'm sure it was one of the best 10 seconds of the week for my dogs .
it works ! yay ! i bought it . i put it in my fish tank . it reads the temp perfectly . worth the dough .
these are good for the dog's teeth . i have one dog that loves these - the other dog prefers the green ones . go figure .
perfect size for my cat . only have to fill it once every couple of weeks . sturdy & easy to clean
is shampoo worked well in my stinky basset hounds and made in enjoyable for them to be in they house . without this shampoo they would have been outside 24/7
helps guard my dog against constipaction and a lot of other things and it give her a shiny coat . it also help her colorestal
this product is alright , it's really hard for my large dogs to fit their snouts / mouths into the opening to retrieve the eggs .
just what i was looking for , blends in with my black substrate as well as my black background.have had no issues of hardening or decaying .
this is an expensive toy for any bird that can easily destroy toys . good for birds that do no destroy .
good buy and quality product - made in america and safe for you pet . hope this helps in your selections .
if your not using serious amounts , this is literally all you need . if your doing pressurized co2 , and doing alot , id get something better
my large dogs love this toy , , makes a great noise when they chomp down .. easy to throw .. and for them to carry around .
it works for some time but after the dog use to it and didn't work anymore . instead we start using pineapple or papaya and we had excellents results
this is the best interactive toy i've ever found for my kitty who loves to run and jump , she plays ' til she's completely exhausted .
this natural remedy really is effective for giving my kitty relief from occasional respiratory ills / allergies . i highly recommend it , and will order again when necessary .
my cat really enjoys these treats which i give her once a day ( 3-4 ) pieces per day . she loves them
same as above , helps take away stiffness in the elderly dogs so they can walk better . with out any pain
my black lab loves this toy . it is still intact and he is still interested after several months of play .
she loves this toy , it is her fav toy that i have gotten her . i will be buying more in the future
nice pure product without any additives . feels clean . my dog ( who is sensitive with anything unnatural ) does not react . that says a lot .
i have not used these yet . i just wanted extras to have in case something happened to the original ones .
let's face it , squeaky toys are not much fun once they stop squeaking . that's what this little duck did about a week after i purchased it .
awesome nail clipper--the pup doesn't even seem to mind having her nails clipped anymore . these are sharp and do the job quickly and well .
for treats or dinner , dry or wet , my little picky puppy loves these . she's generally very particular about her food and this is a go !
bought for my grand daughters rabbit thumper .. loves this stuff .. always keep some in front of him for nutritional value
really strong . best thing ever . i use it to get my dogs in place while i train the other dog
he wont go anywhere with me untill he is just so primping looking in mirror looking at the gals checcking him out
my ditties love this , - its like mcdonald's to them - not good for them but tastes good - just like us
great treat for our dogs , they love them , they are healthy and at great price too . shipped quickly and with no problems .
perfect height for my little chi and tall bed , sturdy enough for my large dog but she is weary of it .
my dog has been on grain free food since birth , this brand is a little lower in calories and a little lower priced than other brands .
our two small dogs really like these treats . our stores stopped carrying these so i had to find them elsewhere . and amazon was my savior once again !
it makes really annoying noises and is too hard of a plastic for the dogs to bite or pick up with their mouths . my dachshunds hate it .
my dog loves these cats . he has to sleep with them . he sucks on them and plays tug of war with them .
perfect for feeding 9 hungry pups and mother dog . would always trust pedigree and service was quick and perfect . perfect working with amazon .
i haven't seen these in the store and bought these on amazon . will be getting more soon . nice alternative to the hard biscuits .
these are very lightweight and easy for the cat to carry around . if i pick one up and she hears it crinkle , she comes running .
pup-peroni lean beef flavor dog snacks , 25 - ounce ... my dogs favorite ... great treat for the dogs ...
my dogs love these but they smell like butt when they chew on them . i wont buy again because of the smell .
my cats love the taste and gobble it right up no matter what kind of pill i put in it .
cat food was sent very fast , my cat loves it . i do not have to go out to the store . they are doing a great service .
arrived with with no green grass , put is still tasty . ok toy for the bunny to chew on or push it around .
my dog loves it but please note the label says not for regular , daily feeding , only a supplement .
this is my favorite substrate for my snakes . it stays softer and moister longer than the eco-earth . my animals enjoy burrowing in it !
i had such high hopes for this little rubber toy - but the rubber yielded after about 15 minutes of chewing from our little border terrier .
bought these for my dog and she loves them . like the fact is made in use and has very few ingredients with very little sugar .
it looks ( to me ) disturbingly like a real mouse and my cats love it and are willing to suspend their disbelief to chase and catch this mouse .
this is a great toy , i didn't think my dog was a big chewer but when i got this he went crazy ! loves it
these are good filters but i think they could be a lot better . i would prefer a more permanent filter that can be dishwasher washed and reused .
our dogs adapted right away to these . they are more absorbant than the disposables , therefore , they protect the floor better .
i rated this dog brush one star because it won't remove one hair from my dog . my brush works better than this .
love it . love it . really i love it . the accompanying video enabled me to use it with precision every time . thanks for a great product .
never go wrong if your looking for an air stone with lighting ! wish you could see my tank ... perfect effect !
works well for teeth and just plain old chewing ! ! good for digestive tracts and all our dogs love them ! ! good buys on amazon .
this is a decent product . doesn't really last as long as it should . i give it 2 weeks tops for " freshness " .
this is small pieces of soft crumbly meat . my dog will not eat it . this should not be sold as jerky .
one my cat's favorite toys to hunt . well made and apparently real enough to make my rescue cat lose his mind . squeak squeak squeak !
i bought for my tiny dogs . it keeps them busy for hours which is great when i work from home !
i use these in all of my filters : hob and canister filters . they work well and i have no issues with my tanks .
i sprayed a few things with this spray and my dog loves the taste . she chews right on it . she thinks it is a treat for her !
always a favorite for my picky guinea pig . he likes to poop and pee on it . a + picky jerk pig litter .
one of our cats is large and this is ideal for him to use without scattering litter all over the floor .
my bird loves all the colors . she has not figured out what to do with it . i am sure she will soon . thank you !
i use them as a quick check , and if anything is out of spec i will run a liquid test kit to see what corrections to do
my dog loves this thing so i bought this for a friend's dog . her dog loves it too . money well spent !
this is by far the best dog ball company . i've bought several not because they didn't last but because they've been lost or buried .
it is fine . it seems comfortable for the dog . and i think it will last the rest of his life , since he is almost 13 .
great little thermometer . easy to read , easy to place . good value would buy another if i needed to . easy buy
my dogs are on lid's and they love these treats . they all do great on them and beg for more .
my vet recommended this product and i didn't see it in the pet store so i ordered it online . good product cats like it .
cured my dogs eating disorder . he finally eats his food at a normal time and is at a healthy weight again !
my english bulldogs are prone to allergies , so i feed them organix dog food . this treat is a perfect compliment and i don't worry about the ingredients .
i got the product on time and in good shape . product expiration is 2/14 , so i've got plenty of time to use it .
this thing grew mold on it ! ! ! wtf ? i had to throw it in the trash just after a week of having it .
i add this first before putting in the sublayer . it helps get the biological started , which breaks down the nitrogen .
i used half of the container and i could not see a difference in her teeth . i threw it out . would not buy
seems to be functioning fine . whoever wrote the directions may be in need of some english classes , but the process is simple enough .
petmate le bistro single pet food mat , gray , large works well , doesnt take up too much room and has a clean look to it .
my dogs love this toothpaste and wait anxiously for each brushing . they are well behaved and lie there and let us brush their teeth with no problems .
the ingredients in this cat food are of high quality , and my cats like the flavor . i would highly recommend this cat food .
as usual , yeowww gets rave reviews from the cats at my house as well as the ones that live in the sanctuary i work at .
5:00 a . m all my girls get 1 spoonfulltheir coat is fantastic and they love eating itwell worth the price ... go to local store and price ! !
i have a catnip toy that is the favorite of my cat . when i spray it on it works like it was new .
it takes most standard doggie bags sold everywhere . simply attach it to your leash and you will never be caught bagless again ! ! !
fortunately the shirt arrived as expected . cute shirt , good quality , fits snugly on my 22 pound jack russel mix . good shirt for the price .
works pretty good , but would not say fantastic . i guess my cat finds a way to get litter past this mat .
i've used this brand over and over again . my hamsters always love it , and make a very comfortable bed out of it .
a good health snack for the pups , and they can't gobble them down as fast as biscuits and other similar treats .
water leaks out of the side whenever you turn it to the other side . other than that , it works okay .
i like it but its extremely loud , it sounds like something is rubbing against something . i clean the filter every week !
my dog love hedgehogs . she has 3 now . we play catch , pull and tug and chase the hedgehog with them . her fav .
this was an okay purchase , but it didn't old up against my puppy's teeth . i wouldn't buy this product again .
excellent for thick corgi hair and he liked it too . easy to use for a small hand . recommend it for sure .
keeps the dog from jumping all over the place in the truck , seems like it is comfortable because he doesn't mind having it put on him at all .
works a little . not as i hoped , but i'm sure it depends on the dog . it probably helps some dogs .
bought it to be able to trim cats nails--cats do not approve of course , but they slide out of it anyway . no help at all !
this is louder than i was expecting . the dogs aren't too bothered by it but it's a lot noisier than what my barber uses on me .
so simple , yet so appreciated by my cat . she snuggles up on the mat & stays nice & toasty day or night .
i've used this for my puppy since she started getting de-wormed and she has had no issues with worms or anything her entire life .
nice price in a package like this and the cats love the variety . makes it easy to keep the picky eaters fed .
this is a well priced item and it is very functional as you can leave it next to the litter box
it works , it's bright , what every man needs to light the place with the correct bulb.the priceing is a deal for this time in age.so it's good .
works well if your animal doesn't really spill anything . it is thin and soaks very quickly with messy drinking dogs .
my dog had diarrhea and the vet prescribed this to help stop it . it worked . his stool became solid within 48 hours .
my cats love this brush , its soft enough yet firm to clean the hair . its a good quality brush . they enjoy it
have yet to have a problem with aqueon . aqueon makes good tank equipment that is well regulated and is accurate with keeping temperature .
my rabbits both enjoyed these toys ; however , after they chewed on them i noticed the inner core is plastic . not healthy for sensitive digestive systems !
the product is very well made for dogs . my dog loves it , keeps him interested all the time and its three squirrels plus the stump .
bought for corgi down the street for his birthday . he loves them but destroyed one almost immediately . so happy there it was a three pack .
our dogs always wear a size small , but this one runs more like an extra small with the velcro option , it barely fits .
the cats love these , they are healthy for them and give them better breath , you known cat breath is never good !
love the tropiclean natural shampoo line . this one smells heavenly and does a great job of cleaning my two large dogs .
my pup has always liked this . as long as you don't have an incessant chewer it is ok . my daughters dog chewed it apart quickly though .
great product , use in the house with three cats and the male does not spray at all .. easy to use and refill the dispenser
catnip , along with a scratching board , keeps my furniture safe.the cat looks forward to a daily fix of catnip and this seems to make him happy .
well rapped and fast arrival looking forward to using it . i am sure it is going to work out well .
the vet gave my dog one of these while at an appt to keep him occupied while getting checked out ... he loves them !
bristles were stick out from the side rather than all standing striate up . the whole surface of the brush was not usable .
my 8 week old jack russell loves this pillow , she recommends it widely for those owners who crave for a steady night sleep ...
the idea behind this is good , but practically speaking , this stuff is a little too runny and gets on everything .
i have used these in the past and they are my favorite dispensers . they don't bang against my leash when i walk .
bought it so the mynah birds would have something healthy t t tt yet soft enough for their bills to eat . the pellets are perfect !
very good , my cats all love it , and it really helps them with the hairballs since they have long hair
they smell good enough for people to eat , but way to small for my large dog , it's kind of like he is eating a mint .
already knew the product . no need to warm up my cat to it as she liked it and used it straight away .
we have six cats ... thought this toy would be a big hit ... but sadly they have yet to show any interest ! :-(
my dogs love it ! heavy duty and seems like it will last a long time . such a great value for the money ! ! !
hedgie only was with us about two weeks before her untimely passing . annie still misses her.nice toy , just remember , most plush toys don't last too long .
we use these as training treats . the dogs love them and they have never had an upset stomach , even when we give them a bunch .
i don't think these really did anything for my dog . perhaps he is too far gone for these to have helped him though . not sure .
they love these treatsa much safer alternative to live ones . i'm pretty sure they'll choose these over the love ones too !
this is very tiny ! ! ! my dog absolutely loved it but he destroyed it since it was so small .
i bought this for a friend who has ferret's , she say's they absolutely love it and plays with it all the time .
this is a very heavy duty collar . i use this one on a german shepherd . it is easily adjusted and easy to put on and take off .
my dog loves all the fruitables flavors . i like the size and the fact that they do serve as a healthy treat with limited calories !
fun for me to watch . finally i can leave out snacks and not worry that one will hog them all .
great for little dogs , love to add these to their bone for them to chew on and carry around . good price and fast shipping .
my boxer mix is a real chewer and this has lasted much longer than other stuffed toys , good value , would get another
bought two for my puppies and had to order the next size up as one puppy grew out of it . good quality .
great price . i bought this to keep pet food in . it has a nice tight seal and an easy open flip handle . definitely a good buy .
my pups have multiple allergies and tolerate these treats without a problem and they love the taste ! in addition , they are good nutrition without any harmful additives !
always happy with api products . i'm a big fan of carbon filter , buy my 2 filstar xp l's have worked flawlessly with bio-chem zorb .
all three of them seem to enjoy it , and it doesn't make them gain too much weight or have bad litter box odors .
keeps my pets ' food fresh and convenient to use . i haven't had any problems with insects getting into the food .
my dogs love the duck treats . been buying them for several months . a great source of protein . price on amazon is better than instore .
came quick , good condition , gonna work much better than the old conditioner ! i use it for my 20 gallon , 29 gallon , and 45 gallon !
bought this for my daughters dogs that love to sit in the window sills . now they share it and don't push each other out of the window . lol
the package came in great shape with all the different flavors . my cat is a picky eater and will eat a variety of foods from this package .
my dog vader loves this . it has held up to his teething . had multiple squeakers and well constructed . worth the price
like a wonderful holiday for a dog when these come out . quality is great . clearly the taste is great ! price is great .
for my pet it did what i needed it too do it is easy to use and i would suggest it to others also just great
i could not return it because i modified it to hold more water , but my dog drank it dry anyway and the motor burned up .
this product is exactly what i needed . i love that you can adjust the leash ends to compensate for two different height dogs .
this leash is stunning ! the length is perfect for walks i would just suggest adding the matching the matching harness . i am going to !
what can you say about a scraper ? it does what you want it to and it is hand to have two sides
much cheaper than buying local that's for sure . i received a very nice large piece that helped finally complete my 30 gallon tank .
cat loves it . she spends a lot of time watching out the window , perched on this . it is an excellent purchase .
strong , easy to refill water container with a filter ! two large and thirsty dogs have water available all day long .
my kitties eat this like treats - , they could just eat this instead of anything else that i buy for them
my cats did like this but , it kept falling apart and was useless to play with . i finally threw it away . waste of money for me .
worked , but we didn't need to use it much ! it does what it says it will do , though ! good product .
not waterproof as the description states . nice thick padding with quilting on both sides . they ball a little when washed .
i give this to my long haired cat & it helps keep his coat better & also of you have to do the brushing everyday as well .
dog chewed it apart in a few days . my friends liked to call it a sex toy . my dog is a medium chewer .
so far they are great for the price . the inner bowl pops out easily to be washed and the outer bowl keeps everything stable for my crazy puppy .
really like this brand . lots of treats for the money and the dog enjoys them too . bacon flavor is probably the best one .
my dog is happy she can go farther than 6 feet from me and it seems to be well constructed i recommend
very well made . i just wish my yorkie pup would use them . sturdy , quality , not a bad price either .  .
i use this daily on my white mini schnauzer . a drop or two a day in each eye keeps the stains away .
fun toy for the puppy , but wish they were not so easy for the little guy to chew up or pull off the outside casing .
typical airline tubing works great stays on the rigid pipes have had no problems with this product i would recommend this for any aquarium application
this is a good dry cat food in a national brand that does not cost a fortune . delivery was on time and came without holes or tears thanks
it took him a couple days to warm up to it but he is preening it some and especially loves to swing on it and ring the bell .
works like charm . easy to clean in the washer . straps hold cover snuggly to the back seat . no more scratches on the letter .
we use this every day , we had 12 puppyies , this stuffff really works . i have shared it with all my friends to try they love it .
this is my second one of these toys - my cats just go crazy for this toy . it's a real " cat-pleaser . "
my cat loves this toy . plays with it all the time . probably will get another one soon . the first one is pretty beat up .
nice padding & the dogs seem to like it . i do wish i would of gotten the smaller size also .
very little dust and just the right amount of clumping for my self clean litter box . great for the price .
i got ths today and it was put in the cage today and the bird did use it and im glad i did get it because she usig it
we have two boston terriers and they are thriving on this grain-free food . we are switching our yorkie over to the wellness core food .
good long size , you can cut it as much as you need it . easy to attach to a bubble stone , etc .
this is a compact size that delivers full size strength at a very fair price . great for my saltwater tank .
eh these were ok . i didn't mean to get willow sticks they are very thin like very small twigs should have read more carefully before buying these
heater started losing performance only after a few months of use.will be contacting the manufacturer for a replacement in the coming week
this is a nice teething toy for my puppy he loves all the little things to chew on , fast shipping
this toy broke almost immediately . it didn't last long enough for me to get an idea if the dogs liked it or not .
it works . my cat became sluggish and didn't get off the bed at all . i guess it depends on the cat and the size of the room .
i buy these all the time because my cats love them and actually eat all of it . i recommend them to people who have fussy cats .
has a nice fragrance . no overpowering chemical smell . keeps the litter box smell in check . i will be purchasing more .
i have a cat that tends to pee high and this box keeps all where supposed to go . fits great in the merry pet cat washroom i bought .
it's a hit - with my 3yr old . the kittens will sometimes eat it , but my 3yr old just loves it .
theres not really much to say about these add on panels but they work well with the 4 panel iris gate if you purchase it :d
my dogs love these . they sniff them , gently take them and run to another room to chow down . like the small ones too .
the fleas on my cat became resistant to frontline , so i tried advantage ii . it worked really very quickly to get rid of the pesky fleas .
i forget to put the ice pack in the freezer every day so it's really handy to have this as a spare .
got this for our rescued put after she came down with demodectic mange . the ingredients are wall documented to boost immunity in homeopathic circles .
i would defiantly recommend this skimmer for 100 $ price . it is a little difficult to empty but works well and at this price point is worth it .
great for my gsd , fits well and allows me to have better control over the dog ! awesome . i like using this as opposed to collar
we bought this to trim the nails of our guinea pigs ( i saw this used at vet's office ) . works great .
i have 2 small dogs and neither of them would use them , just would take them outside and leave them
great pad for small dogs and seem to handle any quality of fluid . i enjoy them very much and clean is a breeze
this product complies exactly what it promises . my fish are healthy and vibrant colors . the seachem products are excellent . recommend the use of this product .
never wrong kinda hard to read but find the closest color and roll tide much cheaper then pet shopps in town
i've received a lot of compliments on this harness ! love the lattice theme ! goes great with the lattice harness ! super !
i like it a lot however i am going to have to return it as my dog does not care for it and will not go in
i bought this for my australian shepherd and use it for him to catch and also so he can flip and catch it . it works great
came packed very well and in excellent condition . excellent quality . color is just as it is on screen . pretty color green .
love em . with a heavily stocked african cichlid tank these filtration aids really help reduce water changes and control nuisance algae .
very solid leash , perfect weight , love the color and the decorative stitching . will order more as my dog walking business picks up !
works like a charm and i rarely have to use the shock feature . the vibration usually does the trick .
seems to help keep my newfoundland safe from being sore from to much exercise . must taste good as he has no problem taking them
this is a good value , and my dogs really love these ! they do smell , but keep my dogs happy and busy , so it's worth it .
i bought this for a friend for his cats and he was pleased with it , its a nice pan & he has multiple cats
our mini dachshunds love this dog food ! they will eat it plain with nothing mixed in and it's healthy for them .
my dog will do anything for a greenie . i highly recommend them . they are helping to get my dog's teeth cleaner--although normal brushing is still required .
best kitten litter on the market as far as getting kittens trained to use litter . not as fresh smelling as others , but good one to start with
our dogs get " smelly ears " and these do the trick . they don't mind , and their ears don't dry out either .
not as many fillers and grains ... our dog liked it and it is better than what you can buy in the store .
easy to use . comfortable for the dogs .. i would recommend this for any one that has a senior dog w / a problem
reasonably priced.not a lot of dust.clumps fast.one 40 lb bag lasts me 1 month with 3 cats . i like this litter ..
it works on my pet when he is in a stressful situation.when we have company he has to be put in another room .
most of my cats like it . i can only feed it to some , though . i have one cat that is allergic to fish .
especially my love bird , he hangs upside down and spins round and round and loves to fight with it . one more word
this ball is great for all sorts of treats and does not tare appart with the chewing by the dog .
this product did not help my dog stop pulling on the leash . i have a small male standard poodle . i recently sold it at a yard sale .
grooming table is as advertised . i don't know how my wife & i lived with out this product . i highly recommend this grooming table .
my kitten likes this some days . can't really judge whether it helps with plaque because haven't had it all that long .
my little puppy just loved these treats ! they're all natural and so good for dogs ! they are bite size and perfect for training !
i love this food . all natural , grain free . i'm confident that my cats are getting amazing food for a quality price .
be ready for the sounds of squeak happiness.my dog loves that he is the one making the sound and will chase this ball over all others .
made so great my dog loves it the size is for large dogs plays with it all the time even takes it in the jeep
omg , my golden loves this toy so much , he hasn't ruined it like all the other plush toys , i plan to get more , but it !
my turtles love these bulbs and i should have bought the all in one bulb . i would say that these are the best bulbs out on the market .
i got this to entertain my dog while we are gone . he has the rawhide out in 10 min . otherwise its a good product .
my german shepherd loved these ! only downfall is that she finished them too fast and these can get pricey . overall , will order again !
my eight month old english springer spaniel loves this food . no issues at all . i would definitely recommend to other dog owners .
it helps my water flow faster and helps my filter pads suck up alot of nasty stuff .. i really recommend this product ! ! !
didn't work with my cats . used combined with the spray and the cat still peed all over my ho use .
it works . i started using proden 3 years ago and my vet is really impressed with our dog's teeth--they haven't needed to be cleaned since .
it's awesome to have to make the fountain work . does a goodjob . isn't always easy to clean and take apart . was a good price value .
solid bags . tough to pull apart but that's because they're thick . which is a good thing . i'm happy with the purchase .
keeps our turtle tank pretty clean , not sure how it tastes to them , but the water is clear now and looks good .
our pup just can't wait to get her evening snacks . she loves the taste and will speak for them . she loves all the different flavors too !
the cats love it and i love it because unlike the rope scatcher , this one does not come apart and leave rope fibers on the floor
i thought being medium it would be a good size for her but it is realy more large than medium .
i tryed this shampoo after reading others who reviewed it and im very happy with it . it works very well
my big puppy is not impressed . he'll ignore a palm-full and go about his business . maybe he just isn't big on peanut butter flavor stuff .
my doggy's favoroite treat to keep him busy when i am busy . i know right where hes at and he not bugging me when i am busy .
the shipment arrived earlier than expected which was great . guess this will be much needed when i bring my dog traveling .
this set-up for the genie is the easiest way to clean a litter box and not have to worry about getting your hands dirt .
love the litter because it clumps and keeps odor controlled very well and this bag is really , really big and heavy !
i have used this food for years and even for the last dosage , there is not so much powder left on the bottom .
you won't find a better deal . this is half off . my snow flake eel loves this as well as my lion fish . thank you ! !
grandma's kits love the variety packs of fancy feast . sometimes there is a request for more , however , we have to watch our diet . :-) )
the seller is excellentthe price is very goodquailty was new sealed in bottlewill use the seller againthe product is very good and reccomended by my doctor
we have a 4 month german shepherd male . he doesn't care for this toy at all . he prefers his squeaky toys and balls more .
we like to use a less natural version since this one is not as soft ... but this is soft enough and good priced as a back up .
these things dissolve in drool very fast . the dog does not get any benafit from chewing because they are mush in minutes .
my little doggies love this and keeps them warm and it is easy to clean . i love it cause my dogs love it .
these seat belts work great in our 2000 jetta and 2003 jeep . they were a perfect replacement to the old ones our puppies chewed through .
feels durable when you pull it out . our golden loved ripping it apart about 45 mins . good thing it wasn't to expensive .
it is a nice product , like the tall litter box and lid and it will do it's job for sure and i recommend it to others
once you start to use this stuff and read all it's good for , you'll buy it by the gallon , too .
my big strong golden seems to pull during our walks . this was a great alternative since it doesnt irritate his skin like halters .
i have four cats who should be writing this review . they love this cat food so much that i have it on auto order !
they are marketed for dog and cat food but i use them for tuna , cranberry and pumpkin puree . i really like these things !
they fit my litter genie like they are supposed to and work just perfectly . i could not stand to be without my litter genie and the refills .
excellent quality and not as heavy as the hard case carriers . my cats like it a lot as do i .
i don't like to give my dog too much rawhide as it can mess with his stomach , but these chews are just the right amount .
cat simply loves this fish to bits . is big enough for her to get grip on and kick . she seems to get solace from this particular one
i love these treats for training . they are small enough that my dog can eat a lot of them without getting full . they also smell delicious !
my daughter says she likes using it for our 5 cats and three litter boxes , she said it is good for scooping and works good for her
was not seal proof and let air out which would dry up dog for or cat food , which to me is very important .
my golden retriever was able to chew pieces off within an hour . it would probably hold up to a dog that wasn't such an aggressive chewer .
for the price you can't beat it , it works well and i recommend it to all of my friends with a tank !
perfect size package for a small dog . like the one package deal so don't have to have 4 or 6 packages hanging around . not over-powering smell .
my dog like these treats iwill purchase this again , this is a great product that dogs like them a lot
i feed this to my ferret . he loves it and it had the amount of protein he needs to stay healthy .
thought when a label said durable it meant it would last more then 2 hours . however it did keep the dog busy just wished it lasted longer .
very good harness but a little too big i am surprised at the difference in the size of the large and extra large
we are happy with this scratcher . nice , wide scratching area . good product for the price . will buy more in the future .
it is way too small for a 50 pound dog . wish they sold a large as it would be perfect
haven't seen fleas or ticks on my cat , so assuming it is working . he stays outside often and i try to put on monthly .
essentially everything you will need to monitor your aquarium's water parameters.seemingly accurate , and easy to use.would buy again .
i'm sure it's good for the cats but my 3 picky cats just wouldn't eat it . i finally had to go back to meow mix .
i didn't realise how small this was ! ok for a very small kitten but no good for an adult cat ,
with several cats this is just the perfect size and our cats will appreciate having more room for their adorable bodies .
my dog , molly loves them . as long as she likes them - - that is good enough for me . personally , i have never tried one .
when used as directed , his product works as well as the more expensive brand we bought at our local pet store .
more is better when it comes to having a good supply on hand for those frequent puppy accidents - be prepared !
great for catching those little shrimp that big nets are just too clumsy for . seems like nice quality too . happy i bought it .
good service , but i haven't found the thundershirt to make any difference with my dog at all . he wears it as a coat !
our 20 lb mega chewer will destroy these in a week , but our 12 lb chewer will make them last forever ,
my fish just love this food and it has one of the best ingredients lists out there . fish produce less waste .
and so do i . it matches my car interior perfectly , and she loves being in it . the cover is removable so it makes washing a breeze .
this spray smells great but i can't say it " elliminates " odor . it covers odors for a short time , like any other deoderizer spray ..
umbrella cockatoo likes it . the rings are a layered paper like material . he likes to shred them . good sized toy for his size .
great product that has been running in my filter for a very long time . you can also use it in your tank for shrimps to feed off of .
my dog picky eater , loves these , it's so hard to find things to treat when i am leaving house , this is one that's a winner .
like brine shrimp , my betta loves the stuff . the container should last me a long time , too . not much else to say .
dogs don't mind drinking it and it helps keep their teeth clean , so it's great . five more words are required .
we have gone back to these treats for our dog . we tried some other chicken jerkies that did not agree with him but he is enjoying these alot .
the best dog food ! i used to buy the pork and the chicken . i am glad they have more flavors now .
great product but installation wasnt much fun , had my handy man do it and it took 2 days , but the door it great othwrwise
these guys are great for ferrets that like to dump dry food.perfect for one , but a little on the small side if you have more than one ferret .
cats seem to like it and a good price so no complaints here . also feeding it to the outdoor cats to supplement their diets .
these bowls are simple and elegant . the color is beautiful . no silly dog paws or other juvenile designs . love them .
we got these for our friends new puppy , she loves them ! nylabone are safe , i never worry about giving them to our dogs or as gifts !
only product our fussy schnauzer will eat . he will eat cold or warm . easy for him to digest . bonus , containers can be washed and reused .
we've had this toy for about two years and it hasn't grown old to our cats , yet ! they have hours of fun with this one !
these drinkwell filters do there job and if you clean your cats water dish daily as we do the filters will last longer .
they love playing with this toy , my one cat loves playing fetch with it , they have a great time and they are fun to watch play !
it does what it is suppose to . it is a sturdy product and works well .
my puppy doesn't chew on it for whatever reason . maybe its too heavy or maybe its cause its not flavored but the product itself is very well made
my big boy bull mastiff and little lab both love these . they dont keept them exactly " busy " for long ... they thru them pretty quickly .
this bowl is cute and the product quality is excellent . i would purchase it again when its final days arrive .
easy to open the package ; the cats love the product ; my local stores :d o not sell this product including the big box stores
my elder ( 23 yrs old ) female himalayan loves this for an occasional treat .
easy to chew , easy on digestion , something must smell great because the 14 year old balinese actually ran to get a treat !
not just for hikes but also just to leave in your car or keep in your purse . they are sturdy and have multiple uses .
straight from the box didn't work . got another one from a different company but in the same box which also didn't work . very annoying !
i have two guinea pigs and this will last a long time . they both seem to love it and it's a good bulk value
cheap , easy to use and accurate.it ' s inexpensive , works like it should and easy to use.has two display modes c and f .
this is a big favorite of my many cats ... one thing the several finicky ones will eat .. good nutrition at a good price
couple bucks ( cheaper than store ) for cat food covers . can't complain . good price , decent quality , will do what they intend to do .
it does what it's supposed to very well . i use it in conjunction with regenerating purigen . i highly recommend both .
broke after two week use . dog was under recommended weight - but the plastic still cracked and the wire broke .
nothing special about this product . it gets the job done when the cats do use the catgenie . the fresh scent is kind of nice .
there's no substitute for regular vet brushings , but this helps when done a couple times a week with the breath smell .
what more can i say , you have to have this if you have the fountain . easy to replace . packaged well .
these products are awesome . especially the glow ball . all three are durable . i would recommend it for your pet . good value .
why cats eat a certain food in preference to another is one of the great mysteries of life , but this is one of the foods my cats eat .
used as directed for 2 weeks and my dog still has gunk coming out of her ear . tried a different product that worked .
this fits perfectly in our pantry and is used for storing cat kibble below and dog treats above . love it ! ! !
safety first is my motto . now i don't have to worry about alfie falling overboard and drowning . plus he looks great in it .
my dogs being mischievious tore up their last dog flap . this fit perfect with my doggy door ! ! ! great product at a good value .
another cute squeak toy my dog enjoys making it squeak . she carries it around in her month squeaking it . she is so proud carrying it around .
got these as a special treat and the dogs love them . hope they really are as good for them as their name sounds .
my dog would not eat these dingo dental mintz , 30 - pack compressed animal product chews and i had to throw them out .
not so sure it helped . do continues to bark no matter what even if i am present . better to do other training .
very cute to look at but not as sturdy as promised.dachshund had all the stuffing out of thehead and 1/2 the body all over the yard .
got this for my large iguana who is actually loose in our enclosed sunroom , and she loves it . she stretches out nicely under it !
this thing works great . magnet is very strong . i get the side facing me wet a little bit and it cleans both sides .
these are my lhasa apso's favorite toys . i have to stock pile them so if one duck gets ruined i have another duck to replace it .
perfect for batting around , able to be carried by the cats , and makes enough noise to entertain them without annoying me .
great chew toy for the ferocious chewer . our dog chews through most anything but not this bone . great product . will buy again .
its great it doesn't have all of the additives and animal byproducts . its definitely quality food ! i highly recommend this !
does not remove or transform nitrates and nitrites . good for preventative use and general upkeep of your glorious tank . yeah .
toy seems to be holding for the most fairly well and my dogs are very hard on toys and they like it
i bought this smaller amount at first to try out . when i needed more i bought the 900 count supply-more economical that way .
this food has worked well for our two labradors . they readily eat it ; they maintain a healthy weight and have great coats
well made and makes walking the little fellow a breeze . it locks and releases and gives plenty of exploring room .
this is super cute and we loved that it had so many squeakers but the kids destroyed it in about 2 days .
we bought this for our dachshund , did not deter barking at all . when the dog did bark , the cat would bear it and freak out .
bounces squeaks rolls great at beach washes off doesn't fill with water keeps it color non fade sticks out in yard so no one trips
was really hoping to find a better cat food for my cats . unfortunately , they both turned their noses up at it .
these scissors have no sharpness and are a waste of money . spend more and buy a better pair . they aren't worth the savings in the long run
great food dish . heavy and deep to hold a good amount of food . a little fragile though . handle with care .
it does the job but really cheap piece of ( you know what ) . it serves its purpose but the plastic never lasts for long .
petey did not seem too thrilled with this product . i think it may be designed for a larger breed than a boston .
clumps easily and is easy to remove from litter . seems to control odors well . the containers are handy for pouring .
this stuff is potent ! my cats love it , all they have to do is see it and they come running ! !
you cant go wrong on this product even though they said its crap but they wrong . i really like the look of it . recommend it .
not the greatest quality item and is flimsy and loud . i should have purchased a silent spinner instead of this .
we have a cat in our household with anxiety issues . these have really helped in the effort to calm him down !
perfect for dog food & treat storage if you're buying a large amount at a time . this is a durable easy to use product .
this food is ok but the dogs don't like it that much . they would rather have the beef variant .
this thing really works well . yes , it is much better than a shedding blade . no , it will not cut the coat .
this is her second one , one of the more durable toys she actually enjoys and plays with multiple times a day
my poodle chews out balls sooner than i can buy them . i bought these balls about a month ago and i still have them all .
these are just about the right size for a 65 lb . doggie . looks like they are made in u . s . a . from quality stuff .
my cats like this fountain and these filters help to filter the water . they last quite a while before you have to change them .
it was great while it lasted ! georie ( a macaw ) had a great time turning it to splinters ! i can't get over how big it was .
i have 2 60lb dogs . while they loved this - it was gone in 5 minutes . good treat , but not " everlasting " .
my cat . loves . theses treat good deal better then buying in the store.plan to buy more soon for my cat bachi .
my pet can become very excited and this helped train her stay on leash . the material is light , it breathes easy and dries quickly .
i wanted to buy it from amazon.com as i was lazy to do shopping . however , after comparied the price , retail stores are much cheaper than online .
this really works for my welsh springer spaniel who carouses in tick ridden areas often . and a welcome condition for me and my household . highly recommended brand .
my finicky cat just loves this brand and is happy now . also is good for your pet . and loves the gravy !
this shampoo has a delightful long lasting fragrance , it makes the coat silky soft and shiny . the scent lasts even if the dog get wet .
our kittens would rather attack feathers than eat . these are great , and are holding up pretty well despite the great battles .
had maintained salt water aquariums for 35 years , and now finally starting to maintain coral . this test kit is a must .
the cats get a variety of cat food . they seem to enjoy the chunky types . chicken feast gets their attention .
my dogs love these things . i use them for a reward for good behavior and they are really good dogs .
it works like it should with lots of power for smaller places on the dogs . i would buy it again .
great crate liner a little thin as a bed but works awesome as the bottom layer . easy to wash and dry .
this scooper is very well made and after bending the prongs a little , works great for me . i would recommend it .
my dogs hear this bag and they know exactly what they are getting and it is a healthy treat for them . great price .
good quality trimmer . i especially like the nail gauge feature and sharp cut . getting more confident each time i use it .
they were as advertised ~ large ~ still a little stinky but worth the smell to have my dog sooo happy ~ will buy again and again
the regular jolly ball is much more durable and the dog likes better , the rope on this didn't make it past day 1 . sad
i use this long lead for canine nosework and it works great for a fast dog . gives me lots of line to avoid rope burns on my hands !
it's so adorable to see my kitty walking around with her little squirrel ! it's like her security blanket ... she takes it everywhere !
got this for my four older cats . they actually play with it and love the catnip . it is nice to see them actively playing with a toy .
my dog has a long nose , she tried to get it off and it kept rubbing her nose . it was raw . i cannot use it .
these are small and easy high reward treats . will order frequently ! in fact , i should probably go ahead and do so now !
i like the product it works great . i would use them again . good fit and seems to hold snug . i like it
kills & repels ticks , but not so good with keeping fleas off like the product use to be . booo
exo terra scooper is a great thorough poop scooper.what else is there to say ? especially for sand like material.good luck.vicente ortiz
instinct is a wonderful food , but we tried the chicken and our furkids did not fare well with it , so its back to the turkey duck meal !
good quality dental chew . more or less , we give him one a day . it freshens our dog's breath and has quality , edible ingredients .
i have both a box and an aquatic turtle and they love these ! ! this is a very good price , too !
didn't take long for the nose to open up and stuffing to come out . about two days of playing . disappointing .
all my fish really love the spirulina flakes i've tried . these are one of the more affordable brands , so we love it .
i have purchased and will continue to purchase these treats . my puppies love them and they really clean their teeth well .
my dog loved it so much he chewed it apart the same day , he just went at it and it was all over
thin and water repellent and perfect for fl . great price for a cute jacket . love the color ! cute pawprints design .
he likes them ! they are a good size for a dog with restricted treats . he is on a grain free diet and it makes a big difference .
i love this toy i don't know if my dog does too much but i think it is adorable lol
the frolicat was so noisy that all 3 of my cats just stared at the unit & completely ignored the light .
however , my granddogs aren't as interested in these as i had hoped they would be but my human grandson likes them !
i have two belgian shepherds , and they must be combed at least weekly to look their best . this comb seems sturdy enough to handle the job .
we brush every day and my little chi loves it , it is the perfect size for him and he enjoy's it
my cats loved this straight away . i only wish it was reversible as they were pretty hard on it . i intend buying more of this product .
your cats will love this toy , mine go crazy for it . highly recommend you get this and your cats will love to play with it .
since i don't chew these , i have to take the word of my dogs , and they wholeheartedly approve . and they really don't smell .
i have an siamese and an oriental shorthair . their coats are much shinier since i switched them to this food , and they both like it .
it's the same great cat food you overpay for in the fancy pet stores . except it comes to your door !
my kitties love it . it is very quiet . when i hear it , it means i need to add water or clean it .
i bought these to do one thing : hold my carbon in my canister filter . all i could really ask for ...
i agree with other reviewers that said the product was fine but that the packaging sucked . it doesn't close or stay closed so it's in a ziplock .
though thin they held up better than expected ... was my first time ordering such things . would be best for a chi or toy dog puppy
works well and keeps the water fresh . good fit and easy to change . they seem to last about 3-4 weeks in our household environment .
maggie loves these bones . chews on one all the time and has one buried in the back yard for safe keeping or a rainy day treat .
works fine but is kind of awkward to use . it was being used with a 40 pound dog . i just found it too " labor intensive " .
i liked this , but it ended up being too small for the cat that we adopted , which was disappointing . it's very small .
my cats love the food and they are picky about what they like . i will be sure to buy again .
my puppy could sit in my lap and chew on this product all day long if i let him . great product ! ! !
my 2 dogs love it very much they are perfect size for them to chewi would recommend to people who have dogsmy rate for this is 5 star
my two cats now have something to do other than following me around , waiting for me to entertain them ... what a relief ! ! !
purchased this for our pup that has seperation anxiety along with dap collar but seen zero changes in his behavior despite use of both for three months as recommended .
my cats love these . i make sure to give them healthier treats , too , but these are cheap and the cats will do anything for them .
keeps dogs entertained for hours , even days . the original flavor kind of makes their breath stink , but the minty ones are great ! highly recommend !
a good fast spray lube for in between uses while clipping , sprays lose hair out and cools the motor off .
my little dog (8 lbs . ) loves them . just the right size for her mouth . i hope they are helping to spread out her teeth cleanings .
at first our cats would not go in it until they discover they can play and hide in it . they love it now .
this is by far the best and most sturdy scratching post . my cat is on the larger / longer side , he's able to stretch using this post .
dog loves it . it's a very high quality food and it's affordable . win win . i mix it in with dry food to keep finicky eaters interested .
no way i could get this into my cat . it was a complete waste of money . tastes awful and she would not touch it .
makes buckling the dog in so much faster ! i just keep this in the car , and hook it on her harness whenever she goes for a ride !
these are great fun to chew on and quite a nice value for the money . i am sure cuddles would like me to order more !
my cairn loves this and although she has chewed through the rubber already , it's a great toy ! tougher rubber maybe ?
love it ... just remember external is inside of tank . very accurate and illuminates nicely . also can tell you the highest and lowest tempeture reached .
the wishbones are the shape my dogs like best and i have trouble finding them in my local area . good price .
didn't know how this would work but i love it . couldnt live without it ... totally changed our relationship with the cat .
my dogs love these treats . they are very small and soft . they always want more . they are made in the usa which is important to me .
this is a great price and good fun for a busy doggy ! it is much less online ! hope you get one for your dog .
love the price on these and they do what they are support do i guess .. but the price is great ! ! ! , ! ,
work well for holding lines in a given place . i will order more when setting up my new aquarium . seem to be of acceptable quality .
my cats love these . they do shred all over the place ( as compared to sisal ) but my cats really enjoy them .
i like the fact that no matter where we may go my puppy will always have water . love the sling for easy carrying .
my dogs love them but i really do not see much breath improvement after using them for a while . yuck ! ! !
hello my foradela this this filter works great every six months i have to change everything just goes so smooth never have a problem
my dog has a really sensitive tummy , and using this cuts down on her erratic bowel movements quite a bit
to small for my big cat , i'm not sure where it is now . can't use it
really gets rid of the odor and color of pet stains on carpet . i used this in a steam cleaner and it worked wonders ! !
my german shepherds loved these . would by again . no smell and does not stain the carpet . nice doggie snack for anytime .
had the old whisper , this newer model is great.petland discount store wanted $ 59.00 + tax for this ... i would give this info to a relative
really good food . my pups had no problems while eating it . my only issue is that she doesn't seem to like it that much .
my dog loves it . it does go fast though . but will keep your dog occupied for hours at a time
i bought these through the animal feed store . my dog loves them . i bought them because they are made in the usa ...
my dog is rescue and so i've been gradually easing him into this new dog food . he loves it ! i treat it like a treat .
i like to use this afte giving her a bath . as the way the way it slides thru her hair , is just great to keep out mattin .
my dog never gets tired of retrieving these little sheep out of the pen . replacements are available , too , which is a plus .
i bought this to attach to the side of my russian tortoise's 60gallon rubbermaid tank . it work well , assembles and adjusts easily .
great li'l trimmers for shiny new pup - just the right size for initial clipping of nails ... fits easily in hands .
superior quality . easy on and off . durable construction . i am really satisfied . stays on the seat . can only be spot cleaned though . :-(
works fine , but would not suggest it for a cat of over 10 pounds . my cat likes it very much .
this shirt makes it impossible to miss my 7 pound dog . it's colorful and cute on him . he's gotten several comments about this shirt on our walks .
i always worry about buying these online because i fear the dry treats will arrive crumbled , etc . nope . perfect condition and the dogs love them !
this magnet works very well to clean the inside of the tank of any visible algee as long as it is used under the waterline .
this is by far the best brush that i've ever used on our cats and we have tried a few .
set this up in my new tank and it works well . love it . easy set up and not very loud .
my cats seem to like this really well . i would buy it regularly , but it's not alwayd available . they prefer it over some others .
excellent toy . my inside cats love both of them i purchased . they roll around on the floor with them all the time . great
this was a great product and the price was great . will buy again from this seller . the dogs were able to take this with no problem .
after hanging the toy up the " low " speed broke within the first three minutes our cat played with it . still works at " high " speed .
great product . this filter is easy to get to , the fountain is easy to clean . . . just pop the new filter in and you're done .
it was a little small but it sticks on the glass nicely and appears to be fairly accurate . worth the price
too large and spongy and liable to be bitten through . the dog destroyed it in a week chewing through it
my dog loves these c . e . t . treats of any kind & my vet told me about them ! great find & good product !
a great treat my dogs really enjoyed . i would definitely buy more again . and i like my dogs to have good quality food and snacks
i really like the ingredients for health . but the pups are not totally enthusiastic , although if they start chomping on them , they'll finish it .
i am impressed as it works well and lots better than foggers i have bought in the past , as they say you get what you pay for
this is so soft and cuddly . kitty loves it . east to install too . just wish it came in other colors .
my dog keeps this costume on with no problem . yippee , finally something that she keeps on her body without trying to take it off !
my dogs love these things and one of them is very finnicky so i'm glad he'll eat these . very reasonable price compared to similar products .
this is a great food for any fish , my discus love this food and it does not . cloud water great product
this thing was destroyed within 1 hour of arriving at my home and meeting my dog's teeth . squeaker died even sooner .
i like this brand-kind of cat food for my very picky 18 year old cat snowball ! its her favorite ! :)
puppy loves it , but it is very small and do not have a squeaker on the tree . this is for a 8lb puppy .
i bought this tool to help with shedding for both my short haired dog and cats . works really well and i love the fur ejector button . definately recommend
this was too cute on ! while i'm sure my dog hated wearing anything ... he walked the neighborhood like a champ in it !
works perfectly in my 10 gallon tank keeps the water warm and it is no obstructive nor is it ugly to look at !
quiet and works great . i have a 40 gallon tank and this filters very quickly and efficiently . i would recommend
dog hated it . did not give the support i had hoped for . would not recommend and i returned it . poor design .
bright colored , came very quickly and i am very satified with the quality . defiently worth the price that i got it for
my dogs love all the zukes line of treats .. and the ingredients are decent and made in the usa which is a plus
this is an awesome filter edina that is fine floss but works very well at trapping even the smallest of debris to keep you tank clear .
i have four cats and none of them cared for this product . they are not finicky but do know what they like . will not purchase again .
my german shepherd chewed her way out of this and set my house alarm off while i was at work . i will use a wired one .
i typically make my own dogfood but when i'm short on time , i cook the veggies & use this canned chicken . my dogs love it !
the dogs liked them ok . the dogs weren't that excited about these . i think they enjoy carrots and cheerios better .
dogs love the taste ... comes in a resealable bag . same quality as my store but the bag is much larger . price was better also .
my little terrier looks so handsome with this on him . it doesn't bother him & its not too tight around this neck .
these are great . my two dogs love them and keep them busy for a little while not as long as i would think but they really like them
my one cat seems to love playing with this but i wish it was a little more durable , kind of expensive for this price .
product is as expected . alittle too small for my cockatoo , but great for the conure and the rats ! good price too !
this is a plastic toy not suitable for chewing . my puppy wouldn't go near it so to me it was a waste of money .
cat is not a huge fan and i really got sick of stepping on them because it hurt . maybe for another cat .
we use this as a get away / feeding place for one of my two dogs . she loves it and spends a lot of time in there .
havent used it yet . trying diatomaceous earth first . sounds like it's very toxic stuff , but i will use it if needed . last resort .
this is a great item . besides bathing my dogs , i wear it while trimming their hair , instead of getting hair on my clothes .
she eats half of it but that isn't bad . some brands and flavors she won't touch . wish the product was shredded , not cubed .
this product in just four days of use has helped my cat get rid of some of her coat and made her much cooler and more comfortable !
thin but work for my 22lbs dog . however this is the second time i ordered this , and i did not receive the bone dispenser this time ...
this is the prefered cat food in our house and to be able to buy at a competitive price and not have to haul home for store is great .
i bought the shampoo and conditioner . my gsd freya has the softest hair on the planet ! it smells nice too !
happy puppy , happy owners . left our dog with a very nice soft clean coat . shinny and happy puppy . will defiantly purchase again .
easy and effective for introducing kittens to the great outdoors . i should have gotten at least the medium . will outgrow the small in no time .
a lot of bags = a lot of poop . pooping is a good thing , it's healthy , everyone does it . therefore these bags make you healthy .
my dogs really enjoyed this christmas present . i think this will last for a very long time and will help their teeth & gums .
great product , works better than described and great product for the money . shipping was fast and accurate ... just a wonderful product for fish enthusiasts .
a great chew toy . my 3 - month-old puppy spends a lot of time chewing this toy . it's one of his most favorite chew toys .
after a week of scratching the scratching board fell into the box . not very sturdy , and my cats are not heavy either
perfect little nest for the cat . it seems sturdy enough and the sides don't colapse when she plays . just what we needed .
works great for long walks and runs and hooks onto the doggie backpack i got . only con is that dog hair sticks to it !
great company ; they make quality stuff just like kong brand . fair prices , quality stuff , and the integral reflective stitching is a potential life saver .
i used it to bath my dog to get the best of shampoo to coat all the hair . it works good and dog liked it too .
this is a nice hammock . i received blue . my ferret likes it and the plus is it washable . i would buy another .
using two of these and the one that came with the aqueon led fixture on a 36 gallon bow front . fish and live plants are doing very well !
would give it a 5 but not much squeak to it , yes they like playing with it but without the louder squeaker they do notplay long
it is sturdy and my cats love it . i put it up 2 days ago and it hasn't been empty since .
use this in a small turtle tank . works great , these replacement filteres were just what we were looking for and for a great price too .
our dogs really love these little sausages . i like the size and the easy package for easy closing and keeping fresh .
seems to help my dogs itching and his coat is so soft now and shiny . it will now be part if his diet
we occasionally give our dogs treats and these seem to be the perfect size . they feel satisfied with the treat and we feel satisfied with value .
my maltese / bichon has dry eye . these drops are a little thicker than regular drops and to me easier to apply .
i bought this in both small and medium . they work great . doesn't slide around on carpet or floor . great durability . perfect buy .
my cat dexter loves this catnip and i feel it is a quality product and a good value for the money .
this toy is great . every time my cat pats it around it will make a squeak noise . it keeps his attention for hours .
worked great until i had to change fluid . then no matter what i did the gasket would leak the fluid out .
all of my dogs have loved them . a treat that's good for them . vets usually give them as treats too .
good product only complaint is the part that zips that prevents the dog from trying to climb upfront keeps unzipping . but overall easy installation
my dogs live their kongs . i put treats in them and it takes a while to get all stuff out of the kong
this is the second pig i have purchased very tough and durable and will order again 5 boxers pulling on this one
my little doxie loves these treats . she likes the beef and chicken flavors . i opted for the lean beef and she likes it too .
this is the 5th one i have bought , some for gifts and two for my over-sized cat that rips up most toys , these are well made !
it's a good idea , but mine went over , sniffed at it and walked away . yours might love it.cats are very independent
miracle resin , capable of striping toxins from aquarium waters like no other product available . indicates usage by changing color and is easily regenerable for reuse
my two cats have hours of fun climbing on it . has held together wonderfully for the great price would recommend .
it's huge , easy to clean , and fits perfectly into a corner . i have a large cat and she has plenty of room to do her business .
i use these all the time . ( mostly on dog food cans ) i wish the more smaller sizes came in the set though .
great food . really my dog is much healthier and his ibd cleared up . he loves the taste of it so much .
worked like a charm to calm our 4 lb yorkies fear of storms ! also works in general just to calm her down . i highly recommend it .
i used to buy the regular greenies regularly , however , when i discovered the weight management greenies this made it a perfect treat .
this is a very nice collar , very reflective , and the tag inside said " made in usa . " looks good on our grey / silver schnauzer .
this is a great tug of war toy as it expands when the dog pulls on it . it also seems decently durable .
the toy smells great but my american bulldog tore it apart in minutes . not for strong jaws or tough chewers .
i purchase these bones all the time for my boxer . the bones flavor and the bone itself lasts forever and he chews on it for hours
please don't buy this - do your research . pine is toxic to small animals like rabbits and guinea pigs ! that smell good scent is poisonous .
definitely not up to par with my expectation for a kong product , my 7lb puppy chew threw the ear within 10 mins after giving it to her .
my cats love these .. the run for them . finally something they like .. both cats that will help them .. thank you ..
i can't say first hand how good these are as i'm not a dog nor do i speak dog . i just know that my dogs love these !
was quite surprised at the great quality of workmanship and fabric . really a nice shirt . too bad it does not fit me too .
i have used plaqueoff for 4yrs now . my vet says to keep doing whatever we are doing because his teeth have no tarter .
love all nylabones ! but this one isn't as thick as the big dog bone ones .
this is the cutest thing . good quality and and a good size and the dog has been carrying it around for weeks .
no more limping , after using for a month . will reorder for my 2 old dogs because it is working . cede
we use this for backpacking trips with out pup . works as expected . folds up small , and doesn't seem to be cheap .
i use this to make salt water for my hermit crabs . they love salt water and is necessary for them to have it to wet their gills .
these are so stylisha dn functional they work in any decor . great price and my cats love both peices as much as i do .
this is awesome ! turned night time into play time . it whistles when you launch it also which my dog loves !
dog loves taste , might as well buy it in bulk which is what this is . great value , and happy dog
we use this product on our 3 chihuahuas every week , and their coats are fluffy and shiny and smell terrific .
this mat is great . it stays put and collects all the dribbles and spills of water . it worked so well i ended up buying another one .
i attach the two leashes together to give my dog more room to run and so far it is working .
my cat absolutely loves this toy ! great fun for her ! thank you !
they love these treats , but there seems to be zero effect on breath or teeth if there is a real need for that .
these dog toys are the best on the market . they stand up to long , long hours of chewing and chasing and seem to last forever .
healtful food for my kitties . they also like it . i have some available in a bowl for them at all times .
very very very tiny . much . too tiny for even a 3 lb dog ... afraid they will choke ( threw them away )
our cat just loves her tuna flakes . she has them everyday . the service was great i will be ordering more in the future
product description says it is between 15-24 " in length . both my pieces were less than 12 " . false advertising and i could not be helped .
cute toy . replacement squeaky a plus . have a few of this type of toy and my maltese just loves them .
no that great ad much easier just hand thrwing the ball , so save your time and moey and just get the balls , hands work better
i bought this for my son's dog - she loves these things ! one of the few chews that lasts longer than a few minutes !
good filters great pric . the c3 is a great filter so to get a deal on the charcoal is great
my dog didn't have any problems going , or with his glands , but prevention is worth an ounce of cure ! he loves these !
i love this product i have three puppies and these so far have been the best pee pads . i received the item very timely , a great product
the water flows through cleanly and the filter appears to be catching any " ground dust " that gets into the water
hithis arrived pretty quickly . i don't know what i can say about oyster shell . the chickens love it :) dee
tried this on my dogs and they love it . it's great for them . they didn't want their old food after tasting this .
i ended up using a bigger ball inside the cage . mine figured out how to get the little ball out within minutes .
excellent product . great alternative to using something like copper with i use in my tank because of snails and lobsters , and crabs
this thundershirt has calmed my miniature doberman somewhat . she tends to bark a lot ; but i can see some improvement.she seems to like wearing it .
i love this little tool , and my kitties love this too ! it is a wonderful tool to massage and groom my cats . seller was great .
my kittens love these and areally bat them around all the time . many toys do not meet theirexpectations , but these are wonderful .
this is perfect . super easy to install ... even with my boyfriend and his crazy friends installing it . looking forward to training my cats on it today :)
great quality . this flips and flies just right and gets my cat moving like nothing else .
my dog still loves to teeth on this toy at 6 months old . would recommend this for anyone who has a teething pup .
good product for a reasonable price , helps keep the ph down in my tank every now and then when i do water changes .
this product is great for when i have to give the dogs her pill . also this is reasonably priced . thanks
this is hard to get out of the tube , but my dog likes this very much i am excited to try different flavors
i have an intelligent golden retriever and he flips it over instead of lifting the flaps , too light and cheaply made but fast delivery is good
these things smell awful and therefore my cat loves them . also , the vet says her teeth look good , so i guess they work !
i use this on my 20 gallon quarantine tank . filter replacement can get a little expensive , but they are easy to come by and easy to change .
fits perfectly on my 20 gallon long and it comes with the tub that allows my plants to grow very nicely
felt was not glued very well around the logo and just invited my dog to destroy within 10 minutes . disappointed this this kong product .
wish it was a little wider , its kinda tight for my 60 pound dog but it is light weight so it's easy for me to handle .
my cat who has stomach issues does just fine on this food . and that's awesome .
this complements the small size washable pads . saves money and absorbs a lot of pee and washes out well . i am glad i found this product .
works great for me and my new puppy . easy to set up and having 2 doors is great for access
loved this toss and shake toy for shiny new pup - - crinkle noise an extra that pup loves.toy is good initial step for retrieval / fetch command .
high quality affordable harness with a lifetime guarantee , what more could you ask for ? i will not buy anything else !
my maltese would not touch this . she took one sniff and walked away . gave it to my daughter for her pet .
ohhhhhhhhh ... the mess ! the stuffing was scattered in a matter of minutes . the flat bear was ripped apart and destroyed within a day . disappointed .
the only downfall is is makes a sounds when i use it on my persian and then he wants to play with it . but works great .
great product - holds up to my dog who is an insane chewer . these things make her happy and last a month or so
easy to put together and it was a perfect size for my shih tzu . also opens from the top which is helpful in getting your puppy out .
good buy cheap effective and fits marineland 60 gallons and same dimensions perfectly aqueous are different than this one so check what you have
these steps are a wonderful life saver for a older cat or dog to get on a bed or bench . they are well made and worth the cost .
burned out after two days of use ( might have been on for 2 days straight ... ) . still , was fun while it lasted .
great purse for dog carrying , my yorki did not fight this so it must be very comfortable . definitely recommend it
my finicky eater will only eat these treats and licks her chops when i ask if she would like one
product arrived on time and was the same as advertised . this is the only bone that lasts my dogs for weeks .
love the price on these and they do what they are support do i guess .. but the price is great !
my girl has allergies and these cookies are great . she's been successfully eating them for several years - the shipping was super fast with prime .
i have a friend who color-codes her dogs . i gave her this light in white , blue and green and they're very cheerful when walking at night !
my 2 doxies highly recommend these treats . all natural , made in usa and they help with teeth cleaning as well .
kitty want more brushing . more brushing ! lazy humans only use feet to brush while brushing teeth . brush me ! - the cat
works very well ! love the autoship . these are not available in any of our local stores . i like both the scent and scent free .
the proof is in the pudding - my two dogs , heidi and renny have been using this ear wash with good effect .
cat can't get enough of it he hates all my other toys excepti hit the jackpot with this and so much cheaper all
easy to give even to my fiesty jack russell - she even likes the taste . this is my first tube but so far i am happy with it
this is perfect for walk , the dog park and training more conscience then the plastic baggie . nice it has a way to cinch is closed .
the best grooming tool i have . my groomer advised me to get this comb and it really gets thru my goldendoodle's curly coat
i replace the filter of the catit fountain at least every 2 weeks . my cat is fine with this fountain .
my pets have sensitive stomachs and this is very easy on their stomachs . their stool comes out smooth no constipation whatsoever and its healthy for them .
very effective when cleaning your tank glass from algae . strong magnet used with easy blade for coraline algae removal great combo
my dog didn't like them , although i could not figure out why . i got here to eat a couple of them twice , but that's it .
my aquarium needed a glass cleaning on the inside , i used this item and was done in about 4 minutes .. great job no fuss no mess .
my dog loves it and the bites are small and great even though he is a big white golden retriever .
my dogs really love this toy and it is still ion one piece which is amazing for my dogs . very happy with my purchase .
love this product , works like a charm to keep my cats calm . i highly recommend this product if your cats are off the chain .
my vet recommended this to me . i used it with the epi soothe shampoo and my doggie is no longer itching ... and his fur is sooo soft !
my cats love their springs ! now i just wish there was a way to not lose them under furniture and appliances so easily ...
i love it so easy to use i love it soo much very nice i like it soo much thank u
this extra ice pack is identical to the one that came with the feeder - i just needed an extra .
the markings are kinda difficult to see if there isn't a lot of light , but other than that it's great .
i give these to my cats as treats and they like them and i find that these are effective in reducing over the top smells .
my cat went crazy over this even when it was still in the box . i will put it in the freezer when she is not playing with it .
this is a beautiful sturdy high quality tag that i love and highly recommend . it engraved nicely and is well attached .
this was great for about 8 or 9 months but then the ball cracked and the lid won't stay on properly . that's no good !
i have 3 cats and they are so picky on the boxes.it was a nightmare , until i tried tidy cat litter !
works just wonderfully ! ! keeps warm in our very cold conditions for the feral fur babies out in the garage ! ! :)
if you want a simple , well designed light fixture this is for you . the led lighting creates a massive shimmer .
good quality heater for a reasonable price . it came very quickly as well which is always nice . very easy to use and adjust the temperature .
this was easy to put on and looked really cute on the little guy . i would recommend it for any event .
this table is perfect for my maltese . it is a very nice table . it rotates and has a nice color .
my cats fell in love with this cat cave , i have one cat that runs in there to hide for a time out when he's naughty
this toy will take a beating and go on for a long time . dog is happy . i am very happy .
i don't think it has really slowed them down but it is more of a challenge for them to eat .
this filter is the bomb its completly quiet and very powerfull i highly recommend my sunsun 303b to any aquarist as it is awesome
i buy these dog treats all the time and in all the different flavors and my dog loves them all .
keeps them busy when i can't . they don't notice when we have to leave the house . it wears them out before bed time . it's great !
works perfectly . easy to install and replace . great buy when you consider you get more than one and that counts when you need a quick switch out .
these are available in both canine and feline formulae . we present it to our pups as a treat , and they look forward to them every day .
i mix it with dry food because my fussie cat refuses to eat dry food alone . no need to wash the bowl after she eats all of it .
great fitting light more than i expected ... super fast shipping ... thx more than pleased , y fish are more thqan happy and i am too !
i need something that would last the chewing phase of my pitty ! ! well , this kong does the trick ! ! great product !
pthis is a great design for brushing all sides of my little dogs ' teeth . fairly easy to handle . will be ordering more soon .
very well made , durable and strong leash . i'm always looking for the hamilton brand now . love this chocolate color too !
my dogs love them . in the evening we hide them all over the house for them to find and it doesn't take them long
not much to say about a water filter . it is dirty when you pull it out so it seems to be working as expected .
this toy has nothing to attract your kitten to it . it's too small and boring to keep your cat engaged in play .
this large size block is long lasting , great clean fragence and really removes the doggie smell out of the room . ordered two more - recommended !
it tucks very nicely in the corner allowing my bathroom extra space . the gray color helps disguise the powery look so the box looks much cleaner & neater
had to get new covers for the beds . the dogs love them and they are well built and great to have .
my dogs love these , they think they are wonderful . i like to hide them around the house and make them find them
my dog loves this toy because when it drops it bounces around erratically due to all the ridges . he basically plays fetch with himself whenever he drops it .
i bought the kong stuff snacks for the kongs that we have , and both of our dogs love it so much
my chinchillas love it alot the only bad thing about it is as long as they play with it you hear the sound .
it's a bit thicker than i would like , but it's a good lead to slip on and go . has a stopper . good bright color .
this is all my 8 year old cat will eat . he loves this stuff i guess the gravy is the key .
worked for 24 hours then quit . arrived with broken plastic parts . no user manual so to speak so you have to fly by instinct .
cute toy for little dogs who get a sense of accomplishment from pulling the little squirrels out from hiding then squeaking them !
this works well but the ends seem to come off fairly easy . this could be happening due to the detach and attached center and ends .
my rabbit haze seems very happy in his new house . it is easy to clean and seems roomy enough.thanks
durable made for an active dog like mine :) keep fitting as well.only wish is to have a little bigger hood .
my puppy loves this . it was a great price delivered to my door . it came boxed and was in good shape .
my dog wouldn't even try this treat . he actually pushed it away with his nose . usually he likes blue buffalo treats .
with two cats and a dog , there is no shortage of poop to scoop . its a bag for poop , and it works well .
my puppies love to eat poop whenever they can get to it . i plan on using this once a month .
this really works well . it turned out that his mouth problem was due to impacted teeth in the back but all the black tartar disappeared from using
i love the velcro strap and how easy this is to open and close . i am looking to purchase another for my mother's dog .
i have used this product consistently for all of my goldfish.this product helps keep my fish tank clean and easier to maintain . i highly recomend this product .
my cat didn't really care for this he batted them around a bit but would leave them in a corner and never touched again
not just your ordinary filters these are premium filters let me tell you they do more then just filter , they filter with style and pzazz !
only thing that will make this better is if it was made with a person besides me to do the scooping .
buy them . it's the only toy they ever play with besides paper ! worth the money to buy 2 packs cause they lose them and chew on them .
scent is pleasant . i think it does the job . would be cool if the cap / top was a squirter like those ketchup and mustard bottles .
i got this for my basset / dauchsund mix and its big enough for ever . it fits nicely in the room and seems it will last for a while
my 16 month old english bull terrier destroyed this as soon as we gave it to him . i will not buy another one again
this prooduct works very good for my pet . using with the ear cleaner than the ear mite treatment . this is a very good product .
my bichon frise adores this item and this will take care of her breath and teeth it says . thank you again orapup starter kit for keeping our pets healthy
my dogs love this food . it has more than enough protein and comes in a great size with free shipping .
this is indeed an outstanding toy but you can buy it at walmart ( exactly same one ) for $ 6.97 . hartz dura play football dog toy
the quality is good durable for strong chewers . strongly recommend for strong chewers.can place treats biscuits for fun playing !
texture and flavor pleasing and good for all my canine sweeties including one with bad teeth . superior ingredient list on this one .
worms be gone ! my 79lb 4 year old malamute some how got some whipworms but after 3 days of treatment ... tested the following weekend ... all gone .
performed just average for an above-average price . worked just as good as cheaper brands that i have bought so i will stick with those .
nutriscious and healthy human grade dog food . even my finicky little shih tzu likes it . highly recommend this product to all .
made in china :( my dogs love theseso sorry to have noticed the made in china 1 more brand hits the dust !
got as a gift for a rabbit shelter . it was part of their wish list . very well made thank you .
i bought this for my kitty who tends to have irritation under one eye . it worked well in clearing it up .
airline tubing is a staple in my aquarium maintenance equipment . got 25 ' of standard tubing for a good price and delivered to my door !
we used the product as recommended and saw no change in our dogs itching and scratching . save your money and try something else .
squeak lasted about 30 min . however , my dog still plays with this and it seems to be holding up as a fetch toy .
our dog loves chewing on this bone . so good for those heavy duty chewers ! great for big chewers ! will buy again !
this pet fountain works as advertised . it is easy to clean and my pets seem to be drinking more water .
my dog loved these chews . they seem to be good quality and don't smell strongly . i would recommend.but why are these things so expensive ?
so much in here ! ! ! my cats adore this and the bag seems never ending ! will buy this over and over .
i've tried other products for pet odor control and this pet odor remover is the best so far . try it , you'll like it .
well made , item is as described . i am little worried about how clean the white material will stay , but love the design !
my cats are in love with these ! great toys ! i throw a few of these out and my cats go nuts !
the tape works although it is a bit combersome to put on . and my cat has figured out how to remove it .
stick a small treat in these bone sand it keeps her busy for a while and the rubber helps keep her teeth clean .
my little pug puppy loves these rings and still carries them around the house chewing on them now and again .
this food is going up in price so bought the big bag on amazon . i will store in airtight container after opening .
don't waste your time pricing this at a pet store for this is as cheap as it gets ! ! shipping and follow up was exceptional.very happy .
the snacks fall out too easily as it is just an open hole but my dog enjoys pushing it around the room.much prefer the cube .
the dogs enjoyed these treats but they disappear too quickly - just like a small , darker shortbread cookie in appearance
would not have had any idea what was going on with my co2 regulator without this .
i bought two and put them together as pictured . the cats play with it all the time , by themselves or in a group .
my dog , a hard chewer , loves this toy and hasn't been able to destroy it so far . she tore the black kong frisbee within 10 minutes .
dog licks it and chews for about 2 min and completely ignores it . it just seems like a useless decoration now .
even our twelve year old who rarely plays with toys likes this one . she bats it around , grooms it and disembowels it .
my cat hasn't shed his fur for weeks since i started using this thing . how amazing . i just hope its okay for his skin .
my cats can't talk but , they sure let you know what they do or don't like and they never walk away from fancy feast medleys .
simple to install in the water bowl . not an item you must have , but it's a feature that certainly can't hurt , especially for the price.recommended ? yes
got this for my cats which are inside cats and they are in pure heaven when they get to lay in this thing outside in the sun
after a year of fun my cats still play with these safe & durable toys . i find pet stages cat toys are usually winners .
these treats are high quality . i've bought a different brand before and they smelled rancid . my furbaby loves these treats .
my dog loves this bed . i think it was a little expensive , but since it is by far his favorite , it was worth every penny .
so much better than wire brush i bought on amazon . dog likes it and it removes hair . just does not come off the mitt so easy .
sure didn't last as long as i hoped and in my opinion not a good value for the price paid for it .
great buy i have purchased it several times now . my dog loves this food and it keeps me from driving 50 miles to petsmart .
my dogs love this stuff , shame it is so expensive , too much to feed 2 dogs on a regular basis !
i've had this in my hamster cage for a while now and i can see no visible wear or play on these things .
both work as effective and are good quality for the price . the measurements on the outside are a plus . would purchase again if necessary .
this waterbottle drenched my rats in 26 ounces of water because it leaksdo not buy this ! do not buy !
this is such a wonderful product . the only complaint i have is that the pads and litter are hard to find at stores .
my 2 little guys absolutely adore these ! the second they see the pack they start freaking out rolling around and giving me all tummies ! ! !
my cats love this brand - and it's made in the usa . this pillow has gotten a lot of use and is still going strong .
he cannot speak but he sure likes them . he knows the minute we take the bag out for treat time .
our dog has a very sensitive stomach , this is one of the best and gentlest foods we have ever given to him .
these worked well at staying on my dog who suffers from degenerative myelopothy , just don't keep them on too long . paws sweat .
he likes crispies better , but these were less expensive , so we compromised . well , for now . you all know who's really the boss around here .
i have to count my fingers after giving them these chicken treats . highly recommended by four malamutes . they're made from dehydrated chicken breasts . very tasty looking .
this product is well made , but my cat ignores it . i think it needs to swing more freely and have more bounce .
this treat jar seals well and holds a good number of treats and keeps them fresh .. it is perfect and looks cute
good tax thus far . smaller than i thought . looks to be painted on but a note within package says it is in fact laser engraved .
the catnip drives the kitties crazier than usual . put on your leather gloves and try and get it away from them .
i love this filter . it is quite and fits perfect in my 5 gallon corner tank ... it keeps the water crystal clear too . wonderful filter !
these bones do not last very long . my dog does like the taste but i don't like that they are not long lasting .
dog lost interest quickly , don't know if it was the texture or the hardness or the smell of the material .
very cute and worth the mony . easy to put on and take off . looks good on all types of dogs
seems indestructable and puppy loves it ! i like the pink color too ! easy to find and it is easy to throw it .
didn't do a darn thing for my bull terrier mix . she liked the taste , but that was about it . too bad , i was so hopeful !
it's big enough to put both our kittens in ; the pad is warm and comfy ; and the it looks pretty durable .
i love it , and my dogs love it . good for strong chewers , i highly recommend this product to anyone with dogs .
dogs like it and seem to be doing well on it . i am new to the brand and bought it because it was on sale .
my cat thought these were kitty turntables to scratch some old school records on . boy was mr . wiggles disapointed ! reeeow !
lasted about 5 mins and our boxer cracked the plastic inside destroying the sound giggler . the fantastic foam ball medium ball is oddly more durable
well made , but cannot be used if you attach the manufacturer's recommended companion reservoir bottle .
nice large box of greenies . i have three dogs and they love the greenies plus it helps keep their teeth clean .
my little 7 lb . min pin loves the look who's talking cow . we live in southern nj on a farm , and the cow fits right in .
bunnies need lots of timothy hay to keep them healthy.this is a very good hay not to moist not to dry just right . i would recommend .
happy with our leash purchase . this was the first item we got for our new pup . it does what a lease is supposed to do .
even after tightening this up several times ... my cat only used it for a few months ... and now it is just something he ignores .
my cats do like this . mine haven't broken yet , despite some hard pulls on them . it's good distraction for about six minutes .
this is made in china . please do a search on ' china dog chicken jerky " if you haven't yet learned about these products .
if you are looking for a good durable tennis ball this one is great better then any tennis ball i have ever found for my dog and it floats
i use this as a separate cage when cleaning my main cages . it is very nice , and my mice seem to enjoy their time in it .
my robo dwarf hamsters used to keep us up every night . now i don't even know they are on it .
my dog hates this . guess i will give it away what else can i say , he will not eat it .
my cat goes nuts for these things and chases them all over the house and she is picky about toys too .
it's pretty good for the price if you only have one or two cats . does not hold up to long term use with multiple felines .
my lab is too impatient for this treat ball but the rottweiler willroll it all over the house .
these get a lot of use . thank goodness the pack comes with a lot because they get swished under everything !
great for attaching to belt or backpack during hikes / long walks . it collapses , which makes it very easy to carry along .
my little chihuahua loves them , and they dnt upset her system at all would recommend them for people whose dogs have sensitive systems .
this is a good product and does not hurt the dog's eyes . it makes our dog smell good also . a very quality product .
i have a couple of kittens and an adult . i thought the adult would ignore this bed , but it's a favorite among all of them .
fire hose toys have been a favorite of our english bulldogs for years . i just wish the squeekers would make it through the first night .
they aren't telling you what is in there before you buy it and you have a case of icky food to go through .
our dogs like this toy a lot . you can put a treat or pieces of dog food inside of it . it bounces good too .
if you are using pet tinic i recommend pet-tabs iron plus . it is much more cost effective for the same ingredients .
received this product yesterday , and immediately milo wolf and i went to try it out . we loved it , much more comfortablethan the previous halter !
this enameled dog tag is the best tag i have ever bought for my dogs . they look great and stay looking great forever !
my amazon sword plant in my aquarium looks much healthier after adding this to the water . i'm very pleased with this product .
my cockatiel likes the most boring pellets that i can find her - no stuff mixed in , no fruit flavoring , etc . she loves these .
this toy is perfect for my min pin . he works at getting his kibble out of it for a good 30 minutes .
great soft crate . it is built well and has many nice features . the collapsible mechanism is easy to use and strong .
our cat nearly inhales them , does not chew them , so any treats don't do much for tartar control . this treat is her favorite .
tuffy toys ate the best . our dogs loves them . my order arrived quickly & i'm very happy , so are the dogs !
you need a lot of space for this one.didn ' t work in my apartment , but if i had more roomi think it would be pretty good.well constructed .
if your dog loves to play with sticks . this is the toy for them ! heavy duty . no splintering and it floats !
my kitty didn't notice when we switched the the special diet , he gobbled it right up ! he loves ocean whitefish flavor !
2 very spoiled goldens turned their noses up at this food , despite the great creds in the ingredient list , even w / ragu spaghetti sauce on top .
my dogs love this treat ! this is a very good value as compared to the prices in the grocery stores , and a nice stay-fresh container that's recycleable .
i'm very happy with this food , and my cats love it . i highly recommend it .
she won't touch raw hide or other stuff i've tried but these she loves . she is a true vegan dog ... what can i tell ya . :)
very picky about what treats my dogs get and we use all of mother hubbard's biscuits . dogs love them and i feel good giving them .
my dogs love all nylabones , and this is a favorite ... have two large labs and they love working on this bone
this was a good product for our puppy . he sleeps with it and always carries it around . great for small or medium dogs .
sturdy . no breakable plastic . holders install onto cage . you just pop the cups out for easy cleaning and refilling . would recommend
i got these for my 3 month old puppy because she loves sticks , however my dog doesn't like to play with these .
my dogs like the ears on this one and it has held up well . its a very nice chew toy for them .
really handy pair of clippers . its got this cool little lever that will stop the nail from going too far , preventing you from accidentally cutting the quick .
i believe when people say that it worked with their dog , but with my hyper dog , it did not work .
helped to keep my little dog warm in chicago this winter , i would recommend this coat , it fit him great , also .
i even tried to hide their pills in canned food but they usually eat around it . i'm sure it's good ... just not good for my dogs .
my vet recommended these . four out of my five dogs enjoyed them . they chewed on them as soon as i gave the chews to them .
perfect size for my little dog . fresh treats , and natural ingredients . do wish there were more in a package , however .
the cats love it . a nice way to provide a scratching post off the floor . the catnip zippered pocket is a plus .
good chew toy . not sure if it actually cleans my old dog's teeth but he works on it until the treats have disappeared .
we've tried several poop bags for our dogs . these are the best . we walk our 2 dogs every day . we'll order more of these !
these are great for every day . i like the rubberband , it's not too thick and the polka dots are sweet
the scissors is a good quality for the price but the holes in the handle are too small for a man's fingers .
good kit and way less expensive than lfs . totally worth the money . was delivered on time and would definitely order again
was glad when i received product because it was much bigger than what i thought . good quality food and my turtles love them .
my parakeet will sit in front of this for hours and stare at himself . it's pretty cute . he really likes it
these litter pans are exactly as described , and are sold at an excellent price given what they are . they are ideal especially for larger cats .
six of my six dogs love these treats . the little ones get a half , the bigger ones get a whole one . and everyone makes all gone !
baby bird loved it . she was a small conure , however she has sinced pasted away and the new bird really loves it too .
my 8lb chihuahua loves these bones . they're just the right size . we love nylabones and buy them in all sizes for all of our dogs .
my dog loves the flavor of these treats but they make him sick . wish they didn't , i wont be getting these again .
these can even be broken in half , but are fine really just the size they are . my dogs have no problems working for these treats .
i like the feel of it , but it does nothing for my dogs ... the fleas seem to escape this comb every time
the dogs do like the taste but they still do not like to have their teeth brushed all that much ! <g>
nice toy that is made well . should give my puppy lots of use . i would recommend these to others . thanks .
neither of my dogs really care for these bones , and they only used them for a couple hours before losing interest .
i love this pump work's well for me i really highly recommend works every penny i give more than five star's
these chews don't get sticky or gooey when chewed on . i use these in between brushing and my dogs love them . good price too .
this is a great brand and product to keep your saltwater tank up to par . read the instructions and will work great . highly recommended !
my cat loves these treats . i believe they are good for her teeth and keep her healthy . together with cat grass it's her daily salad .
the novelty wore off , but she liked it and it kept her busy a while . a little peace and quiet for me !
this item was too tight , so i ordered the next size & it still is a little snug . it must run small .
first kitten and only scratching post i've ever had . all i can say is it gets used and keeps her from scratching anything else .
excellent product , my cats love it they can't get enough of it . when i put it on they go nutz .
my dog chewed through it in one day ... we also bought two smaller ones at buy-one-get-one at another store and that got chewed through in 24 hours too ...
this is wonderful , i no longer have to fill my trash can with smelly used litter . i would recommend this to anyone
this was a great quality crate . i just couldn't use it , as it was too big for my dog . i returned it .
great item . nice size . easy to clean . fits in kennel easily . it was to be expected from a dog bowl would recommend to others .
my dog was chewing it . however the item is durable and still sticky even after chewing.how about making a wasabi flavor ? ( joking ! )
love how it's dog bone shaped . this way when i make frozen canned food treats , i know it's for the dog and not leftovers !
retractable dog leashes make it harder to control a dog while walking , but this is a heavy , good quality leash that retracts well and is quite sturdy .
my dog loves this toy . the pieces slide easily and i found it for about half what i'd pay in store . great buy .
another omega 3 formulation tried and failed . my cats wouldn't go near it . gave it to my dad's dogs ... they don't mind it .
these puppy training pads are economical if you have a very small puppy . they do not absorb moisture as well as i expected them to .
loved this product . lots of storage space , especially for water , keys and wallet . will buy another one when i get a new dog .
it can take a bit of finesse to unlock it , so it is very secure and fits my puppy well .
because this stays open when you want it to it is really convenient . rec trying it over a simple bag .
the dogs ( border collies ) took no interest in this . i cannot blame the product .
does an excellent job keeping my floor dry when the beasties are drinking . pattern is a bit over the top but very absorbent and functional .
we use a different brand of kwik stop at the veterinary clinic i work for , but this stuff works just the same .
my cat loved this as soon as i pulled it out of the box ! it's very large and seems durable so far . it was a fast favorite !
when it is dangerously cold outside i use these for my two puppies because of the larger size and absorbency .
seriously , these are adorable on my two tiny dogs . great for walks or just hanging out without being too pretentious . just warm and cuddly !
i actally purchased two . one for food , one water . they work great and re a perfect size for a small pet .
my cat loves it and carries it around everywhere . it has lasted for a couple of months now and seems to be holding up well .
my dog loves this food , it is very good for your dog , all natural . i usually get all his food grain free
my rottie pup loves this bone . it's nice and big , and she has been chewing on it for while now and still has not tired of it .
good heater . well worth the money and you can put it horizontal or vertical which is a must for me .
i have 3 cats and they love halo cat food but refuse to touch the treats ! so surprised . they prefer temptations .
cats love it . good price when on sale or s & s .. the cats would rather eat this than any other dry food .
the first time the groomer used this my dog smelled good for a week . so i hunted for it and found it of course of amazon !
i love my litterlockers . i have one for each litterbox . dont have to walk far to take care of smelly litter . good odor control .
everyone with a litter box needs this special scooping tool . i use it several times a day to keep the litter fresh and without smelling .
this is just ok i have had better collars for my cats . i do not like the way it is made , it is kind of cheap ! !
best dental item out there for the price ! they work great , my dogs love them and their vet approves . can't get better than that ! !
we put this product in her crate when we were training her and she really enjoyed curling up on the mattress .
i have two boxers and they loved this treat . i even put a dab of peanut butter in the center of it for an additional snack .
use these today love them cut both cats nails back & front cuts well no jaged ends or cracks , so for me and my pets great .
my boy zeke has been marking his territory and this light helps me clean it up ! works just like advertised and is a good price too !
i have a long haired gsd and this brush does wonders . well worth it and lower price than in store .
this would be good if they weren't too bad off , but for worse off dogs with arthritis i would recommend the joint care for dogs .
my dog loves these . they're great smeared with a little creamy peanut butter and stuffed into a regular kong toy . keeps her entertained for hours .
these combs were suggested to me but so far i have not used them . i groom only my own dog .
my cats will only eat this brand of wet cat food . since they are my kids , they get what they want .
bought it as a gift for a friend for her new puppy . once i get a picture of him wearing it i will post .
all my dogs love these snouts - even the one oddball that doesn't usually eat treats ! these are not greasy nor do they have an odor that lingers .
my dog did not like this and she likes everything . it also smells very bad . i threw it away after 2 days .
i love it .. i need to order another ... it was priced a bit high though.delivery was super fast.item seals tight for safe dog food storage .
we have a greyhound and she loves it . she even leaves her bed at night to spend more time on the new one .
i enjoy the ease of using this product . if you need this type of product you should have something that is so simple to instaqll .
the square shape makes this case bigger than most which i needed for my pommeranian-corgi mix . she loves this case and it has been extremely durable so far !
that happens with pets . hit and miss . i still think it is a wonderful activity item for a bored bird.mine is nuts .
cats love it . they've seen mice and birds , but never pom-poms . keeps them going at it for hours . recommended .
this is a great toy . nylabone consistently makes durable chew toys , that even my strong chewing dogs cant destroy right away . i would buy this again .
i think my puppy has all the toys made by jwpet great toys great price great colors great shapes and sizes
if my dog could rate these it would be 5 stars . he gobbles these up and has never refused them .
the soft claws were a great alternative to declawing our cats . they were easy to apply and we were able to reapply them if we had to .
these rope toys are the best . it is one of kong's favorite toy . my dog just loves them . my puppy has several of them .
my dog sometimes barks when she is in her crate at night . i got this and i just have a press it once and she is quiet !
i use this on my teddy bear and it works great and its perfect size for him . definately recommend . and the soft part is great
my dogs don't like it . because they like dingo bones , i thought they would enjoy these as much , but they don't
not sure if necessary . the crickets dont stay around long enough that i need to feed them . my frog and gecko eat them before they starve .
i have had retractable dog leashes in the past that tangle or become less retractable but this one is solid .
not sure if this is a great pump or not because mine was broken out of the box . it was small and easily hidden though .
love this toy but have to monitor dog if he is an aggressive chewer as there are batteries inside this !
this works great with precious cat litter and the litter locker . it's the matter of about three minutes each night to scoop out the box .
both my labs liked this toy . however , it didn't last very long before the stuffing from the toy was strung out all over the house .
my pug will eat anything , but she definitely loves meat ! these are great because they don't have a lot of extra crap in them .
i really love capstar and have used it in the past , my pomeranian eats it in cheese , and within a little while her fleas are gone
this pet bed fits perfectly in our corgi's standard metal dog crate . he really seems to love it.lisafresh eggs dailywww.fresh-eggs-daily.com
great bacon flavor ( dog loves these ) . moist and small enough for easy swallowing during training sessions . 10,000 dollar treats as the training manuals call them .
cat does not like this litter box . is it worth it to get a refund ? or would it cost me to pay for the return .
excellent food product for tropical fish . i highly recommend this for hobbyists i strongly recommend this product because of its content .
bought for my pitbull and within minutes he had the ends chewed off but otherwise i can see where this can be a great toy for dogs .
consider this : just the fact that i own more than ten of these beds is a review in and of itself .
wonderful product , a simple , effective and strong elastic portion , with a nice neoprene handle area . high quality construction and great feel .
nice and durable teether but unfortunately my pups quickly lost interest in this after an hour .
this ball is sadies favorite product---she has played with this product for almost a year and it is not chewed up one bit .
i use this to comb my maine coon cat every day . i always get a lot of fur on it and my cat seems to like it .
it was everything the rope toy is suppose to do . it held up very well and it was at a reasonable price , what's not to like ?
70 lb golden retriever . very durable . he loves the squeaking sound it makes . has held up for months with no problems .
my cat will not bother with itit is pretty look to look at but this toy is more for humans than cats sorry charlie
my dog loves these as a snack & i love them for the additives which help my dog with joints . thanks .
not good for havanese , and i suspect other breeds as well ! hard to use and doesn't cut , do not recommend !
best supplement i have found for my little dogs to keep them healthy . i have seen this product on the vet's shelf .
looks great . cleans up easily . my cats love it they told me so in as many words . i'd buy another if i had room .
... but i like them . they are sharp and get the job done . very happy with this purchase.will recommend to others .
the mat does what it is supposed to i have two others and both work fine one has started to curl but the other hasn't
my dogs love these ... they are very unusual in aroma but that helps get the pills in the dogs as they view them as a treat ...
my dog and i love playing with this pull . she loves tug-a-war games and this is a sturdy , easy on her teeth toy . would recommend it !
my dog is enjoying every bit of it . arrived a day before expected date , well packaged . would definitely buy again after my dog finishes his bag
we've been using these basted biscuits as part of our daily treats for our two large dogs . they love them .
this is a good toy for my little dogs , lots of interesting noises , spins when thrown , good for fetch , should last a good while .
my bunny will overturn his bowl over and over again . this bowl is heavy so he can only push it around . it also looks very good .
i am not sure how accurate but they seem to work fine . they could make the color chart more waterproof . be careful when comparing .
change these in my ten gallon tank once a week and the cleaning stays very minimal . love the fish tank and the ease of keeping it clean
nope , it gave the little mutt itches , and it was sticky , gave a full bath next day or so . i can't recommend .
my cat hasn't tried it yet but i tried to make bubbles and there aren't any coming . it's going to be very disappointing when i come home later
was worried that they might think it was a kitty litter . but they nestle right in , scratch and sleep to their hearts content . it's a hit .
my dogs love those and they don't break into dust like the chicken breast ... the pieces are more sturdy and i use them for tracking
i prefer vegetarian treats for my dogs and all of my dogs really like these treats . i love the convenience of ordering them on line .
it catches and makes for an easy clean up .. wish the water bowl was bigger but other than that it is a great dish .
takes off undercoat rapidly . it must feel good to the dog , since she comes back for more . this a lab mix who sheds a lot .
vet recommended fish oil for her dry skin because i have to wash her weekly due to my allergies . she seems to not itch as much .
kennel is very sturdy . had to assemble myself . good materials . my cat is 14lbs , and it is a bit large for her , though .
these toys actually last . this one is fun for the dog since it has a squeaker . your dog will love you if you do . :)
the birds love it and play on it all the time . amazon has the best prices i saw . plan to keep one or two all the time .
now it will just take a long time to train him to walk on the leash and then go out with the dogs .
i trimmed my catsclaws up like a pro because of such a great product . i would recommend this to everyone that owns a cat ! just loved it .
this is great helping my older cat get up and down off the bed now i dont have to worry about him getting hurt and it stores away nicely
my dog loves playing fetch with this in the pool . it's durable , floats and doesn't sail off too far when you throw it
my cats love these balls . the different colors are nice better than only being able to find the blue ones in stores .
first one came missing a part but the second one was complete . the design is good but the odors are still pretty overwhelming .
these are something quick not long-term chews . the dogs can eat them in about five minutes or less but they are loved by all . great product .
one of my two cats is consistently aggressive towards the other . when i spray an area with feliway there is clearly more harmony between them .
there's just not that much to say about a stainless steel bowl . it is what it says it's going to be , so 5 stars for that . :)
this collar is great if you are within range to use the remote . i like the fact that i can give a warning beep without using the voltage .
this is the perfect size for our little yorkie-poo . there are a lot of pockets on the outside to hold all of puppy's things .
this thing works like a champ . keeps my tank clean and the water flowing well . provides a nice current that my fish enjoy .
incredible value . a tiny amount does a huge amount of water ! get a 1 cc syringe , as a 10cc is way too big to measure .
they last a very long time but are not a favorite like pigs ears . they stink when chewed . dogs don't mind but i do .
the treats are just in the box . i'm not sure how long they would last that way , so i had to re package them myself .
good size for my fluval spec ii and spec v . does a great job without removing water too fast . would buy again .
cute design but way too small for what i needed . back to using a throw rug under the kitty litter box
very easy to use ! with these in place , it is easy to see what would have gotten into pump otherwise .
i love this product . it works better than any other product for cat urine that i've tried . no complaints here !
ok but a very weak clicker . i have a older one i got 10 years ago that is louder and more crisp .
i did not see any difference with this product from others i have tried to remove stains and odors . probably will not buy this product again
simply put , my dogs love this treat ! one doesn't care for fruit , but she gobbles this one . don't hesitate to try !
this was for our male dog and we love it . snap works well and it seems to be comfortable for the dog .
great for small dogs . or great for facial grooming on every sized dogs.comb tips are nicely rounded so would not hurt the dogs skin.good quality and nice product .
this has been perfect . no complaints ! i like the no glass design and i like the easy to set thermostat .
well made and easy to assemble . my only complaint is that it is made in china . but what isn't these days .
the two sized fit all the dogs i have used it on and it does the job . the dogs don't like it much but then i don't either !
my dogs love these balls ! i have to buy them all the time but they are so durable , it's hard to throw them out !
the product came as announced , i would recommend it if you have a dog that needs supplements to help cope with arthritis . buy it .
i would keep on buying this . the dogs look forward each day to eat it . i believe it is starting to work .
i like the size of this mat and so far it's working well to trap that pesky litter that seems to always fly out of the box .
finally found a type of dry that all 4 of my kitties can agree on and really love . finally ! yay !
one of our favorite summer outfits for bella . =) lots of compliments . nice open neck area , allows your pet a comfortable fit .
like the air bubbles , but very challenging to adjust the weights to place the diffuser when the tank is already filled .
this comb just skimmed the surface of my morkie's fur.it did absolutely nothing and removed not one mat.returned .
this is sturdy and gets the job done . good value for the money . makes dinner time easier for my boxers .
... to this supplement . vet was surprised , but my little dog is far from the norm.so be careful before giving to your pet .
i bought this as a gift to a friend's dog and he loves this milbone biscuits , he enjoys them a lot .
can't live without this stuff with puppies ! my older dogs back away with just a look at the bottle - really works !
for years i order these products for animals and now after this last time of illness never again ... something is not right with this product
it is warm for my puppy , he loves curling up on it . i have washed it many times and it still looks good .
heats the water , but the pad is really hard to get the heater pad to stay sunk even with rocks on it .
i don't know who went crazy first us or the puppy lasted less hen 20 minutes in our house hated the house when door open and closed
i was concerned how led lighting would work with my live plants . they are doing very well , better than with full spectrum fluorescents . i'm ordering more !
this oils works just as you would expect it to , i didn't have a single problem with my wahl 79300 after i started using this oils
had to return because of motor noise no matter where i placed the unit , and cats did not like noise
my two kittens hide their treasures and they hid these , they retrieve them , play with them , then hide them again . i think they love them .
my little man adores these rabbit formula treats . i have had excelent results with all the zuke's treats i have tried , and highly reccomend them .
i bought this bone for my 2 year old doberman , he is an aggressive chewer and the nylabone for big dogs always stand up to his abuse !
my dogs are not very interested in these . but then they are not real interested in any kind of dental chewy .
i purchased this filter for my 29 gallon freshwater tank and it's doing a great job . the water is beautifully clear and the filter is very quiet .
compared to resolve or even just a vinegar solution this product seemed to do nothing . imho it had about the same effect as just using water .
a really good toy for a dog that really chews . like my 58 lb yellow lab puppy . she throws it and it rolls .
a great treat and he is very picky ! i will definitely buy them again for him ! he also has also loves lil jac's !
great sized natural treat made in usa highly recommended feels good to offer a nutritious treat that is safe for my pets
works great and keeps the dog from jumping onto my lap while driving and keeps him from climbing onto the dash area .
simply put . dogs like it like we like potato chips . have to order enough to last a week . arrived within a week .
our dog loves these but just be careful because they can chew pieces of the plastic off after a while
the fish seem to like it so if they are happy , i am happy , but there was no color change in the fish .
my dog loves this and it has nice squeekers . seems durable and stuffingless . i recommend this . hope this helps someone .
my kitten is totally fascinated with this toy but of course she is just 3 months old so i hope the fascination lasts ! !
my cats love these toys ... they are both cute and durable . both the aggressive cat and the shy one find favorites in this collection .
kong cozies are my go to toys for my dogs and the hold up well with our multiple foster aussies . great squeeker
my dog loves these . i used then as a reward . he does not seem to mind that there are tablets inside .
great dog shampoo which was used during the whole summer season of 2010 ... strongly recommended .. 100 stars , instead of 5 , only ...
purchased the cool teething stick to help my puppy during his teething stage . he loves the crinkle sound it makes , especially when i freeze it .
i buy these filters from amazon cheaper than i can buy them at a pet store ! can't beat that .
it works and one doesn't need a prescription . it is not worth going to a cheaper version and getting fleas in the house .
its noisy but gets the job done . its actually really big too . much bigger than i had imagined . c c
my puppy doesn't hate this toothpaste , which makes brushing her teeth so much easier ! would definitely recommend this product to dog owners .
filters are fine . unfortunately , soon after i received them the fountain stopped working . now i'm stuff with filters i don't need !
pieces are a good size and my dog just loves these , they are not too hard and not too soft , great natural treat that your dog can digest
while i used cosequin for my dogs for years , kitty won't eat this . i ended up using glyco-flex ii since nothing helps if she won't eat it .
it was fine until my golden puppy outgrew it . for the 1/2 minnesota winter it was used , it seemed to keep her warm .
wanted to use it for my black dog while camping . he chewed it off his collar within three minutes . but its a cool product .
this is a very good bone for aggressive chewers . they last and my dogs love them . i would recommend this product
my mini schnauzer really enjoyed this toy ! it's soft so easy to grab a hold of and she loves the crunchy sounds .
my daughter's chinese dwarf hamster likes to hang out in here quite often . she will occassionally nap in it as well .
puppy is not in to these as much as i had hoped.it does not seem to keep her interest long enough to have her chew on them .
solves the purpose , but would have liked them more if the bags were a little thicker . nothing more to say , they are just poop bags .
both times i purchased this product for my dogs i can give this item an a + . i love american made items so this is a double bonus !
very sturdy , affordable and looks great ! dog crate with two doors and a handle . collapses nicely for travel or storage .
i have a cat with skin issues , and her vet recommended this for itchy ears . i rely on douxo for their line of shampoos , too .
my cats love this food so it's convenient to buy in large quantities and have it delivered outside my door .
great product washes and dries very well adds to a very good bed and makes it awesome my dogs love these beds i have a large and an xtra large
it only took my foster less than 30 seconds to figure this out . well made however and she cannot eat it or chew on the parts !
my cats love this . however , the batteries don't last too long . it is totally worth it though to see them get all excited every night . lol
my cat enjoys it . asks for it every morning upon my alarm going off ! ! doesn't shut up until i rattle the bag and give her some .
properly speaking , my dog loves these , and as nearly as i can tell , they're fairly low calorie and good for her .
if you use very often , they get used to it . as an occasional " message " works great . certainly gets their attention .
my cats hated this . it was a complete waste of money . i'm not really even sure why they would have liked it .
my cats enjoy it , and my 15 year old kitty , who has digestive problems , tolerates it very well . she's even gained a little weight !
i bought this for my chocolate lab and she loves it . it is strong and does not show all the dirt from her playing .
i've tried 2 others that either didn't work right or were impossible to read .. this one is easy to read and accurate
it just does not work just use a scissor that works ! this is not sharp at all and does not do any magic at all !
i got this for my cory catfish ... but they seemed don't care for it at all ... i guess it's probably more for plecos
nothing to complains , and really nothing much to say . it works , cat and dog love it !
for organic chicken this is a steal . my meat store sells it at 7-8 bucks a pound . my cats are so lucky .
they harden up too quick , so my older cat can't chew them . love the other products for calming cats . great brand .. works !
i made my worse buy . i thought it will word but t did not . first it's a poblem make your dog eat it .
we use these on our 13 lb yorkie and our 80 lb lab mix . they work great ! can be made long or short ! snap in well !
i gave it 4 stars because it's a little too pricey . i needed a small compact moonlight and this fits perfects where i wanted to place it .
my little chi-mix will not go pee if he's wearing something too close to his genitals , so i have to roll it up when we go outside .
i have used this product for years and i have to say it is the best product around ! my dogs love the taste .
works well , it's filter fiber that manages to direct the water through the media .
my little girl loves loves loves these cookies . i only wish they were smaller and / or easier to break into smaller pieces without crumbling into a mess .
this is a somewhat healthier treat for dogs and my finicky little shih tzu just loves them . we have purchased several bags of these treats .
we purchased this shirt for our goldendoodle who has severe travel anxiety . we noticed her calming down almost immediately . i would definitely reccommend !
shrunk quite a bit in the inital washing , so doesn't fit my dog . i had much better success with the little tank tops by casual canine .
they also love to hang out on it occasionally . one loves to scratch the top , the other loves to lay on his back and scratch the insides .
our pup is now more content to be in his kennel , he chases the kong all over the house when he is out and about .
this is well built and our dog loves the fact that you can see out ! it collapses for nice storage . we have 2 sizes of these crates .
i have a mid age cat who throws up when she eats almost anything , she can tolerate this and core brand soft food very well .
my dogs were infested with fleas and using this comb gets the fleas out of their fur . it's worth the money .
this has worked wonderfully . althought the rubber protector makes it a little difficult to clip on and off my dog . i will buy again if needed .
why use carbon when you can use purigen ? ? ? it takes everything out of the water . you'll save less money as well
this has been a fun toy for my 20 pound dog . she is very tough on toys and it is holding up well .
after having used several other brands and styles i can say this is by far the best.well made , excellent seal , nice size .
wonderful product . get it if you can . keep your water safe with this kit . i love it and use it frequently .
i haven't use this for fleas but it's great for cleaning our dog's mustache and beard after he eats !
cheaper than the pet store and a perfect fit for our fish tank . we change them every 2-3 weeks and tank looks great .
my dog loves these dental chews and the joint health is an added plus yes i would buy these again.ty stewart
excellent amount for the price - my dogs hate milkbone biscuits but love the milkbone soft chews . comes in 3 flavors
my dogs favorite toy . they last a long time but eventually get shredded ... and then for some reason my dogs like the smaller pieces even better .
tried many different types of kennel beds and pads . my dog destroyed all the others . this one finally worked ! perfect blend of durability and functionality .
very disappointed , received broken in many pieces , shipped just rapped in cardboard without any other protection , i'm sure my parakeet would have loved it .
if you have a dog that loves food or is strong willed then skip this toy my yellow lab had gotten that done with in 30 min
my 1 yr old , playful cat was not impressed at all . save yur money . it is a cute item , but thats about it .
i've been giving this vitamins for quite sometime to my cats and i just say ir works . she didn't had anymore repeat of urinary track problems .
dogs love these so worth every penny . not able to purchase these for this price anywhere i have shopped for them locally .
good bags . one way to make them better would be to include a dispenser of some sort . a bit on the pricey side .
german shepherds and hard biters love it ! it helps give great exercise and they can't destroy it during play or training .
long haired dry skin pekingese , these keep him happy with soft hair and skin , no issuescheaper than any place even wal-martgreat delivery and packaging
these scissors are sharp , yet will not allow you to poke your furry friend in the eyes even if they squirm . highly recommend .
i had ceramic beads before but these things seem to work faster than the beads . test results changed in just 1 week on my aquarium .
my dog loves the nylabone dental dinosaur ! our vet recommends them for keeping the molars clean and the work . highly recommend this product .
can stuff it with treats with peanut butter ! ! our bull terrier and cocker love it ! ! you will love it too ! !
it's cute , and the cats like it , but the top comes off very easily and the ball gets knocked off the track because of this .
a great harness for large dogs . allows control without the danger to the dog and the tangling associated with a gentle leader . give it a try .
i am very pleased with this item . and it came early , which was great as i used it over the weekend .
cat's love cheese and this turkey and cheese variety of friskies is a real cat pleaser . they lick their plates clean every time .
greenies pill pockets are the best for giving your dog medication / vitamin supplements . i have tried other brands but they just don't measure up to greenies .
it sure does create a bit of a frenzy in the tank and my coral look pretty good .
i can't say these are my bunnies favorite treats but they do enjoy them . it adds variety to their snack time .
used as directed , lost several fish to apparently the same disease . nice mature jack dempseys and a bunch of several year old large goldfish .
put this on my little yorkie , he looks great and it even does help keep him warm . cool sweatshirt , a good purchase for the pooch .
put these in treat balls , kongs or treat puzzles ... my dog loves these treats and they provide omega 3 - healthy
it seems effective . but the size is small and the material is thin , dose not seem to be able to last long .
works and smells great on the cat and he doesn't mind the collar ... 7 more words required , so here they are ...
the cats love this selection of all the seafood pates in one box-the variety is good and keeps the cats happy for a long time
smaller than i expected and arrived a little scratched up but it serves its purpose . easy to put up on the wall .
the cigar shaped catnip toy is very large , kinda cute and most importantly my cats really seem to enjoy the toy !
my cat and dog fight over this bed . they both love it . and i really like having the removable cover than can go in the washing machine .
this bowl is very heavy . cats cannot push it around . also , very good looking . does not look junky . stays clean . good quality .
i have owned cats for the past 35 years , and this is the best litter i'ver ever used . it clumps well , and is dustless !
my cats love this toy so much that during the night we have to hide it because the crinkling is so loud ! highly recommended !
this is just great . it fits perfectly to the can . it is dishwasher safe . it bends and stretches a little it snaps well on the cans .
good product . my dogs like the bigger one better . it does work for the rv as it takes up less room
works well for my pooch , he enjoys the brushing times and the taste so much that he just begins licking it
i don't know if it works or not , couldn't get my cats to take it . they could tell it was in the food , the little suckers !
the bristles aren't that long and the circle of it is kind of small , the brush is nice though and my cat's love it .
the charcoal biscuit has stabilized the stool of both our dogs , a german shepard mix and a golden retriever , both of which have sensitive digestive systems .
he is 5 1/4 pounds so this is the perfect size for him . it has a squeaky which he loves . seems very durable .
one of my cats uses it ( he was a shelter cat who was raised using it ) my other not so much .
my cats love the shiny wings ! i like this one slightly better than the kragonfly but my cats my have a different opinion .
great treat for senior dogs where calorie count is a concern . have been purchasing these for several years now . would recommend .
this would have been great if my cats were under 8 lbs . my big boy couldn't even turn around in it .
these are economical and perfect for use with our 2 senior rescue dachshunds . we will definitely buy this brand again .
my dog digs this out of her toy box every time and is fab in the pool . get it for your water lover !
it works incredible , the tines are nice and close together , and they remove everything from the dog and cats . wonderful product .
my small dogs love this - they like it better than other chews that don't work well.would recommend it .
as advertised . it got here sooner than anticipated and works fine . my dog is now free of worms and happy
this spritz has a nice , light , refreshing fragrance . i really like it .
this works very well . compact and easy to install . great people to deal with also . good product . oceanic is real good aquarium equipment .
so far this leash is doing great - it's only been about a month . study , easy to hold and the perfect length .
now , i never run out of dog cookies and the canine population is very relieved . i love the luxury of having them appear at my door .
definitely cheaper than buying it at the pet store , especially with prime . mixed with flourite and my plants have exploded with growth .
this leash matches my pups pink and green collar and functions well . good leash for everyday walks . happy with my purchase .
cleans ears very well but be careful ! i recommend you probably do this outside or you will have a mess to clean up ! hahaha
this hasn't done anything for my dog . it does smell nice but other than that no luck . :( obviously doesn't work for all animals .
no matter what topical you are using , you can use capstar to wipe out all adult fleas . this is a great product !
i find that the strings snap off easily when wet , but in the end it's no harder to tie up than before .
they're good and sharp and slice through thick nails very easily . theres an adjuster you can use to help prevent cutting too far if your dog fidgets .
my dog loves these greenies . that is why i buy them . he looks for one every morning . i don't have any more to say .
my dog never really cared for them , and then easily crumbled into dust in the bag . don't get the hype , not so impressed .
i have three cats and they take turns sleeping on it . i had to buy two so that they wouldn't fight .
i spray this on furniture i don't want my dog to chew on and it works ! ! i would recommend this .
i give this to my dogs if they get sick or if their tummy's seem like they're off . i will keep getting it for them
the pieces are small enough and soft enough that my pomerian adores this food . makes his coat nice and shiny too . highly recommend this product
this hay is a good quality . i wish amazon prime had the larger package options but since they don't i usually buy two at a time .
really cute and inexpensive but its way too small for my dog . had to add more length but it's totally fine .
meets my dogs needs and can recommend ! no issues at all with canidae.if you have senior dog , might want to consider this food .
i have boston terriers and they love to play with stuffed animals , and so far these have held up great with them tugging and rough housing with them .
smells great and easy to use . no a over powering scent , smells really clean and fresh . seems to stay all day
dogs loved this product however the vet told me to discontinue because my dogs had gained too much weight and also there was too much salt in this
very light , easy to set up and my dog loves it . it is very good product and i recommend it for traveling and part time kennel use .
just like original milkbones dog treats , just smaller , and flavored . i love the value of the 7 pound box , good for big dogs
this is fine for poop scooping the litterbox , the plastic is thick and have not had any issues with it .
i love this bowl . the color matches my decor . it does show water spots from dishwasher , but my puppy doesn't care !
bought this for our son who walks on trails during the hunting season . it fits his large dog well and is easy on and off .
they bat them around and even carry them around in their mouths ! fun !
only problem i have is my dog can take it off in a heartbeat . needs a strap over the head as well .
i couldn't believe the price on this item for such a great and heavy accessory . i love it and so does my beardy .
motor died in 2 month . i've had aquariums for over 20 years . this shouldn't happen . time to buy a new one , just not this one .
this game was way too easy , it doesn't rotate and is too light . it could use rubber feet to keep it in place .
quiet and works great ! even my cats let me do their nails . well built product ! the guard makes it so easy .
unfortunately , the dog who has " bad breath and probably bad teeth " won't touch them but my younger dog really enjoys them .
love the smell ! helps remove the urine and the smell left is very fresh and clean . i always keep this on hand .
our dog actually looks a lot like the one on the package , and he ate this food without hesitation . he gives it a paws up .
this is my absolute favorite dog food for my very picky akbash and anatolian shepherd dogs . it keeps in the fridge for days .
it is the exact same thing i buy at my vets ... so why not get it at a better price here ?
loed the curved edge . no need to worry about hurting your dog . long enough to make large even cuts . great
good bag , sturdy and durable . my only complaint is the tie can come off sometimes . i use it in a box filter .
strong , sturdy--wipes clean with a wet cloth and looks good . metal clasp is strong and made well--won't break out if pulled quickly by a strong dog .
you would think this was a drug the way my cats go crazy for this product . it's semi soft and smells appealing and they just love it .
my dog always had a problem with loose stool . since we started using this prodect his stool has been solid everyday !
my cat did not like it , he lost interest really fast , and now he doesn't even pay any attention to it
dogs like the taste i have small dogs but i like the small size even for my big dog because it gives them treat limiting excess calories
my cat went crazy for it , but unfortunately the toy is cheap and tore within five minutes . wish it was constructed more sturdy .
worth every penny why buy anything els your dog can destroyi takes this everywhere with my doghighly recommend
waste of money . puppy tore up the pad , and peed on the floor ... repeatedly . newspapers on the floor would have been easier .
this stuff is amazing and a must have for pet homes . my pet trainer recommended and i have bought several bottles to keep up with my puppy's messes
this works great for my 2 senior great danes . no more leakage from either of them . it worked for both .
these are the best filters . i have used them now for 4 years . i won't change they do the job .
my cat loves this thing . it keeps him entertained for a very long time . i may buy another one soon
my cats do like this , but we keep having to - re-tighten it . gets wobbly pretty quickly . i'll have to give it a b - .
can't really tell if this is working or not . maybe when i take him to the vetall will be perfect .
i bought this door so my dogs could go out when ever they wanted , and now we could not live without it .
what can you say about these lol they hold poop and do it well no rips , meaning no poop on me , and cannot beat the deal
i really like the idea they are free range . there was a little smell but not very bad . the dogs really enjoyed these .
good treat , made in the usa , pooch likes them , they take a little longer to eat than some treats which is good !
this is not a tough chew toy and quite heavy for fetch play . my standard poodles tore off bits and ate them .
the reason for rating this product the way i did is because the lid does not lock . it closes but doesn't stay air tight .
i only buy this brand for my cats and it's good quality food for a great price on amazon , i buy bulk as my cats devour it
very pleased . my tank is doing well and my fish are happy . easy to use and the instructions are very clear . i would highly recommend .
this is fine for my 70 pound dog . he can't use the big version so this is perfect and it is durable .
if you want a treat this is the one for you . it cleans teeth and dogs can't seem to get enough .
my little papillion really loves these treats . they do help with teeth cleaning and breath . i will order more and keep them on hand .
my dogs love these and they are great for training . they will do almost anything i ask when using this product .
this seems to do the job and it is very much more cost efficient than the more familiar brands . good product .
this toy is adorable , but unfortunately it didn't hold up for too long . my pup was able to rip it apart within a few hours .
didn't last five minutes . pretty sad . was hoping for at least a few months of chew time out of it . oh well .
a quality product as advertised . standard density pad found on the pre-assembled filter inserts . does not work well as a water polisher , not fine enough .
super easy to self-start . this is my first tank , so i've not had any experience with these , but it's very easy to figure out and use .
very nice and worth the money added bonus of free shipping . easy to put together . cats like the two houses .
the product itself is good i just wish my bella would use it more , but she seems to like the under part of it the best .
these bells are way too loud to put on any cat i know . i was going to return and then decided to attach to some toys instead .
i have tried so many different dry foods for my aussie , who is very picky , & the only food she eats is chef michaels !
these treats are great value for the money . the best part is that my dogs love the smell and taste . they come faster when i call---everytime !
when we're going out , this is a great thing to keep our puppy occupied for a while . she loves it .
our papillon enjoys this and tosses it about looking for squeakers and hasn't torn this toy apart so it is a winner .
its like and ice cream ! i mean , its tons of fun just for a short period of time . it doesn't last more than a day !
my dogs love to chew , on anything . but this one has been neglected and is still pretty untouched . why ? taste ?
this brand of dog toy is very sturdy and has not shredded or ripped open to date . they are the perfect size
my cats love these toys . they make real animal sounds and are small enough for them to through around .
our 4 cats all love the catnip and i use it with lots of their toys . sometimes i just rubb the catnip onto a toy .
this toy is become one of my dogs favorite toys and he love it plus i can play tug with him
my dog had surgery and needed something to stop him from licking . it was better than putting the hard collar on his head .
i dont smell any catnip at all and it's too small . i should have gotten the bigger versions . my cat totally ignores it
this is a great toy . hard to chew up , but its ears , arms and legs will come undone after a while .
mmmmmm bacon ! ! good deal on this large bag . less expensive than buying multiple smaller bags at the pet store or the supermarket .
i use it it work for little while . it does ok but i do like the price and still use for my pets
works well and is easily adjustable i would highly suggest . the suction cups seems to do a good job keeping it in place
i have a ferrel cat and he loves the blanket . him and his girl friend went to it right away .
the item has good quality . i haven't really needed to use it yet . but seems like my dog hates the noise .
my cats go crazy for this stuff , and now it's all they want . so i guess it must be delicious .
i can hold my cell , keys and much more in the bag on nice walks with my dog .. a must have .
tough to cut dogs facial hair because scissors are not sharp enough . the size is small enough to trim small dog's facial hair .
this is a good pet door at a great price . cats learned how to use it in a short period of time .
have two tanks , one with a betta , and another for a gourami , as main attractions . they both go nuts for this food .
for a small tank , such as the tetra 29095 cube aquarium kit , three gallon , this works great while staying silent !
i have 4 dogs ranging from 8-90 pounds . they all love these bones ! they're the only toys we allow in our house !
perfect for my cat because she tracks litter all over the place and for some reason she sees this as away to be more of a neatnick .
these may not have as strong of a smell as other grain free treats but zola likes them and they are much more reasonably priced !
it may be a little more expensive but well worth the health of my bunbun . he loves these pellets and i will continue to purchase this for him .
bought for thumper my grand daughters rabbit but he only ate the little orange filler that was mixed with the pallets .
i hate getting my sleeves wet adjusting the heat in my tanks the external control box is so worth the money
joey likes them but they are a little big for him but i cut them inot smaller pieces for him .
funny , dog goes nuts , chases it around the floor . i recommend this for dogs of all breeds and all sizes :)
my chihuahua mix just looks adorable in this sweater . we got all kinds of compliments when we went walking and to the pet store .
poochie loves these , they are quick to eat so if you want a long term treat , this is not the one . made in the usa !
these treats are too small , even for training trates . i can find other training treats that are so small.the size of a lifesaver .
my kittens love this food . i wish they sold them in bigger cans but for now they work .
i am very happy with this purchase ! easy to clean and really does hide the odor . all in all very satisfied ! !
we've been using angel eyes for years on our white and brown dogs . it really works . you use more at first and then can taper way back .
pine controls odor and moisture better , for a more affordable price . i was curious , gave it a shot , neither me nor piggie really liked it .
large opening is nice . bigger than most cat boxes i have ever seen and not too expensive . keeps the smell down nicely .
bought as a gift , but this brand is the only thing i'll feed my cats . my aunt's cat's love this grain-free . won't ever buy anything else !
i bought these for my new chihuahua , but either it does'nt have enough attractive or my dog is just thick headed .
gets old swiftly , bearded got tired of them , all in all would get again , not that bad but prefer real crickets
i love it . my puppy just loves it because she can get on my bed by herself . i would recamend it to people .
great price for product , i wouldn't buy the stick on or glass thermometers anymore .
need to have better zoom capabilities , and to be able to monitor with 3rd party applications . other than that , excellent product .
he will do every trick for the hint of a greenie . they seem to be a healthy alternative for a treat .
i have small dogs under 5 pounds and they work good . if you have larger dogs they may not be big enough . no leaking
my girls loved this bone initially , but once they drained the stuffing it became a yard decoration . will not buy again .
this extended leash is better then the old fashioned leash and is strong enough to hold our irish setter mix dog weighing 85 pounds
cleaning dogs ears is a pain , but these pads work very well . the scent is pleasant and the price is right on point .
perfect for the price ! i ordered 3 and the dogs love them ! not a lot of padding in the middle so i just folded an old blanket .
bought this for two different pets and neither cared for it . a cheap buy , so it's not a big loss .
i rescue cats and the cat's love them . the playpen comes with three plastic platforms / steps this makes them into beds
everything that i wanted in a portable bowl.works with food and water.big enough for two medium-sized dogs to share at the same time.easy to clean and dry ...
our puppy loves this food ! perhaps a little too much , as he eats it so fast and doesn't even take the time to chew it !
using a product like purigen , from this same company , necessitates the usage of the fine meshed material used to make this bag .
my golden retriever doesn't get especially difficult tangles , so i expected good results but was disappointed . i would not recommend .
this little baby is a gem for my diy co2 system . its seals up air tight and looks great on my system .
what's there to say ? it's a cat teaser . it works , the cats like it . it's not their favorite but very good .
my dog loves these bones . they are good for keeping him busy and keeping him chewing his toys and not my furniture .
i have 10 indoors kitties including a maine coon .. they love this thing , as do i . they shine and it reduces shedding considerably .
it looks good . it's not fantastic . it's okay . aquasoil is the best . i'd rather have that than this . it looks like black lava rock .
our cute little dog had the breath from hell ! this product actually works ! she loves them as treats and her breath is waaaaaaay better !
this is a super way to get the dogs to take their pills . i can place 4 pills inside of one pocket .
my cats love this and the kittens i am fostering especially love it . it has been so popular i have 2 of them now .
my dog loves to dip in the pond and gets rather smelly and yucky . this is the perfect antidote for him-a great neutralizer and deodorant .
holds and entire bag of dog food ( still in the bag ) , and seals tight . has wheels to roll out and back easily .
my dogs love these , and i love them because they are not made from rawhide and are made here in the usa
this kit is a need for aquarist . very easy to use and accuracy . i check the water quality once a week to make sure everything is fine .
quick and easy to fit . a bit small for my doggie , i had to go the next size up for the best fit
these lids fit our 3oz cans of fancy feast perfectly and i wash them in the top rack of the dishwasher .
this is a great rabbit food . a really healthy diet for a adult bunny . i like the little carrot bits in it .
great cat deodorizer . good price and good quality . does the job and keeps my cats happy . plan to buy more in the future .
after reading other reviews , i decided to size up and the fit was as expected . size large fit my 20 pound shih tzu perfectly !
this stuff is very absorbent and works great as a litter box material . it has a very light , pleasant smell .
my puppy loves this bed , but after a couple washes it's flattened out substantially . i'll probably still keep it and use it under the new bed .
these are basic dog waste bags . nothing particularly fancy or special about them . they work well enough and do the job i need them to do .
this is a wonderful product however you must use it all the time on a regular basis for it to be effective .
dog has issues with plastic , this has some but does not effect her , so easy to clean , helps her with her alergies .
the body of this toy is sooooo long and the handle is very , very short . really strange toy . would not recommend this toy .
they're a nice color and they're a good size . i have a 100 pound lab , and these bags work great to pick up after him .
my english shepherd loves bully sticks . found these to fit the bill . thicker than most and last longer . must hide them or he'll sniff them out .
the only chew toy that has endured the endless chewing of my dog . he absolutely loves this thing and i love it because it's safe and non-toxic .
i was told to give out dog baby aspirin which he spits out . now when in pain he takes these easily .
i was very pleased to find this vitiamin for my picky older yorkshire terrior . she can't wait to get it each morning . thanks
our little doodle loves these little squeaky chipmunks & is not against sticking her entire head in the trunk to look for them .
it is a bit too heavy for my dogs and i had trouble getting it to hold food and treats .
love it and my cat love's it 2 i need 2 more just like it ! ! ! . i hope he sell it 2 me
i don't feed this as their full diet but they get a little each day and they really like it
i got the runt of the litter , tiny mouth and teeth too . this is the only cat food she can keep in her mouth without dropping it .
this seemed to really calm my cat into submission . he seemed much more relaxed and tranquil without giving him drugs .
i have a female who like to raise her behind as she is peeing .. bad news ! this box is perfect height so it doesn't matter .
this scratcher / lounge is very sturdy and big enough for my big cats . all of them use it and sleep on it .
i bought the regular and large and alternate every other night the size . this is a routine we do nightly to wind her down for bedtime .
way cheaper than in the pet stores and has help up decent to my dogs who destroy dog toys fast
this is generic for another well known brand and is much less expensive . easy to apply and does the job .
these strips are accurate and affordable . it is a bit hard to compare the strip colors but when extreme accuracy is not needed , this does its job .
these are great for my small dogs . the ingredients are healthy and my dogs just love them . only downside is they are kind of pricey .
a good product , we use it all the time , andthis was a very good price . it's expensivestuff , but consider the alternatives .
i bought the heat lamp . this time amazon made a mistake , i never purchased this item so i can't evaluate it .
these are worth every penny . smells good too ( before using of course . on auto order it's so good . thank you much
i purchased this for our yorkie because she gets cold easy . it is very hard to figure out how to get the darn thing on .
it good stuff for fresh water tank , fast shipping frome amazon , it is my mistake i thought it for salt water tank
my kitty will only eat fancy feast . she loves seeing those fancy feastpackages arrive . she knows she's going to keep on eating for a while ! ! !
it smells nice and it leaves my dog looking really clean ! very easy to rinse out and his hair looks great . love this for my little puppy !
it does the job . just wish there was a better made one out there . one that was more durable , you know ?
great spare for the handle we have . bought this so we have an extra flyer for our baby . its great as it doesn't leave marks on walls .
good concept ( washable , reusable ) puppy pads , but when you have a puppy who won't use them , it defeats the purpose .
i love most of nature's miracle cleaning products . simply the best . this product seems to clean well and smells fresh .
my little napolean ( my cat ) loves this hedgehog . it's really easy to refill and my cat is constantly licking it like it's his little friend .
i did not think the area to hold the dog would be relatively hard . i could not understand how to put on the dog . i returned it
they don't fly very far and there are no guinea feathers like on the da bird , so my two boys say " ho hum " ! ! !
our cat likes catnip toys such as these but hated this one . the cat just doesn't care for this toy or even the catnip in it .
the cats ( and my dogs , too ) love this . it's great for enticing finicky eaters to finish their dinners , or as a little healthy treat .
my big boxers take the birds out 1 at a time , so gently . they love it . soft , plush toys . three birds in a house .
my golden retrievers love these on their own , even without the toy to hide them in . i regularly buy the whole toy and replacement eggs and animals .
my dogs love to squeak it and carry it around . i had to order another one since they like to chew and squeak the toy
not only does this slow down my steady " gulper " , but she thinks of it as enrichment . she has no problems getting all the little morsels .
you can't go wrong with merrick ! my puppies love the small nuggets ! i feel safe feeding my dogs merrick ! great product !
lets just say i liked them more than my cats .. i think it was the rubber feel that they did not care for (
the picture shows a box , however my pads came in a plastic wrap . i prefer the box since it can double as storage and dispenser .
our pets have fewer issues with the limited ingredient foods . chessie loves the potato duck and the venison sweet potato foods . worth the extra cost .
my cats love this post , but my adult female cat seems to still love to sharpen her claws on my recliner chair . isn't that cute ?
they like this but not as much as the treasures , to get variety though they will eat and enjoy and some cats love the fillets more than pate
calms down my kitties when they are stressed ... great for travel , new situations and introducing a new kitty into your home , too .
my dogs love these and i always tear the big ones in half for them so it was great to see them in a mini .
nice toy . however one will start flashing for no reason and wont stop until you move it around . i put them inside other toys like tract toys .
my mistake . its cute with all the layers . wish i would of ordered the med . otherwise its cute . cute .
i am not the one that should review this . if my cat could talk he would say , it's food any yogurt in the house ?
we love all pet head products . this shampoo smells really great and it keeps the pups nice and squeaky clean !
i have had to buy these refill pads for my turbo scratcher twice . they are easy to replace in the toy and last for months .
great great great toy . my kitty adors it , it looks neat and strong so it can takes her dives and runs and attacks .
great for the teeth and breath . wow ! what a nice refreshing smell . she just loves the taste and she licks and licks like wanting more !
this little flea comb is well made , no plastic , sturdy and not going to be subject to being chewed up ! will last a life time !
i change my dog's collar every so often , so this has worked wonderfully for me . great product . highly recommend it ! fast delivery as well .
puppy did not use these pads ; completely ignored their presence . tried scenting the pads but no response . waste of money for my puppy .
dogs thought these were quite a treat . and having to very large dogs i was pleased by how long they lasted .
we call it puppy crack , as there is no trick they wouldn't do to get a piece : )
my bird did not care for this product and he usually loves egg diet . glad i bought the small bag .
good product . well made . perfect for chilly days in fl . soft and comforting for a growing puppy . i can recommend it .
my cats go wild for this ! ! ! the chicken and gravy is so good i've almost been tempted to taste it ..
this product became useless after 4 months . its connecting pieces are made from plastic and broke after many uses . idea is great , product needs more inventiveness .
worked great for my dog's flea problem without the worry of toxic poisons around my puppy . it took about 3-4 weeks
my cats love those kind of mice toys . very good price and even the cats play wild with them , they last quite a while .
this is a really great filter material for your aquarium . the bag they send you is really big . it should last a long time .
fancy feast appetizers at . good price . just make sure your cats like shrimp because there are a few full sized uncut shrimp in this food .
purchased this with some other aquarium stuff . seems well made , and helps me vaccuum the gravel between all the plants and rock in my tank .
i have tried other things to keep the cats off my stove ; nothing else has worked . this is an awesome product .
i can not again say enough about kong products . if you have a destroyer of toys dog then kong is the way to go .
i am please with this product . it seems to improve water changes . i will continue to use it in the future .
works well on my 56gal tank . i can reach all the corners and sides without any problem . the attachments fit tightly .
but she takes these every morning and seems to like them . my vet says they are good.my dog takes them right from my hand , no added inducements .
my daughters cats cannot get enough of this . keep them busy for long periods of time ! she loves it , they love it - can't go wrong !
this clipper is better than ones i've tried in the past due to its strength . the cuts are clean and precise , and perfect for large paws .
great concept , but the kittens weren't into them . i really need to find them a chewy toy , but unfortunately this wasn't the one for them .
i don't know if my dog thinks these helps her breath , but she sure loves them . i order these treats over and over .
my dog loves the peanut butter pill pockets . now she thinks she is getting a treat instead of forcing a pill down her throat .
we have 3 huge dogs , so i thought i'd give this a try . unfortunately , we have seen zero results since using it per the instructions .
nice product , seems quality built . put in with the turtle and it seems to be working great ! ! i definitely recommend
my dog loves this little toy . she's not a large dog , so the little toys are not intimating and easy for her to carry in her mouth .
just what i was looking for . jack russell puppy proof so far ! its been three weeks and has taken a beating for sure
a great little bag for placing your carbon or gfo , does not allow particles out except dust so make sure to rinse .
i have a 5 month old maltese and she loves it . she can grab it and toss it and it keeps her busy plus she gets exercise .
nice bite size ... smokehouse 100 - percent natural duck chips dog treats , 16 - ounce . great my dogs love them and they last a long time .
i received the tag quickly . it seems like it will last a long time . it is also very cute . i am pleased with my purchase .
my six dogs love this toothpaste ! i brush there teeth wait a few minutes and use cet rinse to keep there teeth healthy . excellent product !
the cats like it so much i am not allowed to touch it they have hidden it away somewhere . so i take that as a good sign
wow ! great chew toy ! only thing was i worry it might be too hard for dogs ' teeth ? it's as solid as a rock !
fits great , dishwasher safe , near indestructible . buy ten of them and solve one stupid problem in your life . and your cat's life .
i haven't gotten her to go veggie so am pleased at least to find a brand she eats instead of wasting it .
my cats love to chase them around the house and they are light weight but not very durable . i have to vacuum up pieces of them every week .
this was a great price but they need to update the picture because that is not what i received . still good
this is our puppies second pacifier , his favorite toy . by the time the small pieces come off , we had to throw it away .
works wonderful easy too move around in your home to different places where your pet stays . no danger to your pets - very safe to use
just like api test strips . easy to read , easy to use . seems just as accurate as api , i've used both .
i have two german shepherds and they love anything they can chew on , except for this . they had no interest in this round bone at all .
seemed like a quality toy but it did not take long for my small goods to destroy it so i will not buy this model again
little dogs , soft little cute shaped biscuits , made these picky girls add a new treat to their favorites , only amazon is well connected
able to apply to one spot on my dog with little effort ; we will see how well it works over time .
these are less expensive then the pet store . my little dogs are not very interested in them . i hope they change their minds .
both of my dogs love these treats and they're healthier than most . resealable bag keeps treats from going stale . great product .
i love that this toothbrush wraps around my dogs teeth as this isn't the easiest chore to do with our lab . very good idea .
this mat does a good job of keeping the cat litter from tracking all over the floor . plus it is attractive . we are pleased with this purchase .
great and works as advertised . fits with the aquaclear unit flawlessly . will order again when i need it . great price .
very nice food container only draw back is either you leavr the treat boxon top and move it everytime or find a diffrent place for the top container
easy to make flavored ice cubes for my dogs . the dogs love them . only thing is they are expensive for what you get .
this is a fun ball for our puppies . they can roll it , chew on it or pick it up and carry it around . really nice toy !
my 8 pound rat terrier loves these . they are made of had plastic so they will last for quite a while .
if you have a dog that suffers from anxieties such as being afraid of storms or gets anxious when you have company this works for most dogs .
this kit is exactly what i needed . will last me years to come . everything for beginners getting into aquariums ; such as myself .
this plant is really too bright.if you should choose it , make sure you only use 1 or 2.the color is bright red .
this product is really a hit or miss . my cat does not seem to go crazy over these treats ... sometimes he does not eat these right away .
these filter are the only ones that fit the pump on my pet fountain . i rinse and reuse them about 3 times before i replace them .
the kitties enjoy the food and i know they are healthier too--it's a win / win for all ! hope to test more flavors in the future .
love this product . works as described and really take a lot of hair off the dog . would buy again , cheaper than in stores .
great food for a great price . i have found that all the diamond pet food products are a great value .
unlike many fly repellents , this one actually works . it stays on , and seems to continue working for a day or so .
the subject says it all . also are thick enough to feel like im staying clean . great price too . highly recommend .
nothing better out there . have been eating / feeding this product for years . it is priceybut would recommend it to a friend
used this for my hedgehogs cage . this product worked for 2 days before " blowing out " i will try a different brand from now on .
this product i ordered for my beautiful stewie male betta ... he likes his food to float on top and this food does not cut itdisappointed
gives her lots of exercise , she chases it becomes obsessed with it .. . . . . . . .  .. !
another great great product . they are so much fun to watch my puppies play with . i recommend to anyone with active puppies .
4 cats live in my house . i purchased two , they love it , i love it . its really nice and sturdy . great price too !
other pet owners recommended stain and odor removers with enzymes , and i have had the most luck with out ! brand
it got knocked over the first day . i have to find something to weigh down the base or just remove the base and make it a horizontal scratcher
lasted 5 minutes in the jaws of my bully mix , but she found it to be a very enjoyable 5 minutes .
sizing is way off ... i ordered two smalls for my shiba inus , and ended up giving them to my father-in-law for his cat . very small .
i have a 14 year old cat and he gets really riled up playing with this toy . it's great to see him batting this thing around .
this is a good looking and sturdy water bowl / food bowl for a dog . best for a smaller dog or puppy .
the dogs love this food and it is reasonably priced for an all natural dog food without wheat or corn .
my dog loves these balls the only size he can fit in his mouth , he even sleeps with them so glad i found them , thank you
all four cats gobbled this dry food . i never had to throw out any old food with this chow . i will order this again .
just got this and so far so good . holds a bag of food np and put treats in smaller container . sturdy no smell leaking out .
correction , only a few hours for my border collie . only good for a dog that wants to lay his head on it .
this chew toy is such a hit , i have to buy a new one every 6 months . i give it as a present every chance i get !
my cats love this bed ! i bought if for the older one but the younger one jumps in it all the time .
i have been using this product for 2 years . keeps tartar softened and great for breath . just rub on teeth and gums after brushing your dog's teeth .
great . they are my two shih tzu's go to bed snack . made in usa ! zukes are safe
these work great for my two dogs many tags that clank & drive me nuts without the tag bag . a must have for all dogs and owners !
my hamsters enjoyed these chew sticks . i put a new on in their cage every couple months . i think variety helps keep there brains active and stimulated .
nice and sturdy , it serves its purpose and can be cleaned . my birds use it all the time , not dinky like those plastic or skinny ladders .
it breaks apart into smaller sharp pieces which i then step on in the living room without shoes on . much like a lego in the dark . sad .
my dog figured the game out so we are starting to use the ideas on the dvd that came with the game
my dog enjoyed this treat . he gobbled it up and seemed to think it was " people food " . i would recommend .
i use it to train and to tire out my dog.he barks for me to take it outside with us.the squeaker inside the toy's belly is his favorite reward .
one of the few " meat " snacks she really likes . can be a little expensive at times , but for a real treat this is really good .
i changed to this instead of freeze dried shrimp , and my all turtles love it ! i think this is way cheaper than other dried shrimp product .
my dogs and cats absolutely love it . it collects tons of hair too . i'm happy to swap out my " prickly " brush .
they close tight , so the canned food stays fresh in the fridge , and the covers are made of good quality plastic that lasts long .
suede shearling coat - sm camel , love it . wish i had gotten it bigger since my pet got bigger . lol
the cats enjoyed the regular ball , but they love the flashing ones , especially at night ! my deaf cat plays with it every single day !
works very well on my 2 dogs & keeps it clean well after their baths . this product saved me from going to the vets
this is a great bed . very soft and the dogs love it . slept on it as soon as i put it down .
cat loves them , always playing , it gets slightly bumped and it attracts him and he is playing once again . great product
rubber non skid ring applied unevenly ( cosmetic ) is my only complaint . rubber has held up well thru all the cycles in the dishwasher .
best doggie shampoo ever ! gentle on skin , but it truly does keep the dog stink away longer ! ! definitely recommend purchasing !
love the cedar smell . natural killing power for the fleas .. also repeals fleas . i purchase 2 bottles . i even sprayed there bedding
great product . my cats really play with them . kitty-safe . get the dozen for $ 2 bucks more . see my other review .
my cats like these ( they taste good ) . and i notice that they settle down if i give them when they're stressed .
my english bulldog loves these treats . they keep her teeth clean and helps freshen her breath . she has one once a day .
did not work for my 7yr old maltese of 8 lbs . he still barks like crazy when the doorbell or a door knock occurs at the door .
my dog did n ot like as well as bully sticks and now hes almost 12 he only likes greenies
these are fine and tight and catch a lot , they are great for all filter media . i reuse these and just rinse them out every few days .
this product seemed to work at first , but not with all of my cats . maybe some cats are more difficult .
this is the second one of the fountains that we have brought . last a long time if you keep clean and change the filter when suggested .
this is a easy way to start up an new tank rather than using fish to get the biological chemistry working
it scares him more then anything , he sees it come out and he runs away . too bad no remote for it
great item . clips on easy to leash . bags are large enough for even the biggest messes . love the scent .
we have seven siamese and they all love these , and play with them . one of our kitties plays fetch and this is his preferred toy to use
my cat really loves this she meows all the time when i start growing this she just wants more then more of it
my dogs love old mother hubbard peanut butter cookies and best of all they are made in the u . s . a so i can trust the quality .
it does its job ! it appears to be accurate . i have no way of knowing how exactly accurate it is .
these work very well . i haven't had any problems with leak-through like some others . as long as amazon offers these , i'll be buying them !
our cat eats it just fine and has not had any problems . we are ordering it again . good standard food .
our pets have always enjoyed the kong toys . the tennis ball covering does not last long , but the toys hold up to rough play .
my cat loves to roll the ball around , and even when he has his vinyl nail caps on and can't scratch he still plays with it .
one of my dogs eats a bowl of food in about 30 seconds . the wobbler slows him down a lot and makes him work for it .
my dog loves these as a topper with his hard food . a little pricey , but since i use it as topper , i get my money's worth .
they can play with this at night when we're asleep . they seem to enjoy it . recommend to everyone . great toy .
my dog loves to chew on plastic type items . she loves this . she likes the variety of the different textures and chews each of them equally .
my bunny loves this litter and it is very easy to clean out . it also last a while . i recommend this litter .
this shampoo smells great , it cleans wonderfully , has no chemicals , her fur is so soft . you can't beat this shampoo .
my dogs love these but dont leave them alone as they tend to choke on them by aggressively chewing them
put on dry kibble for one large irish setter . he always says thank you with lots of kisses for his trained master . he has trained me well .
haven't given these for a long time , bu t boy , were the dogs glad to see them come back into the house ! love these !
great product . used by both my dogs with each other or against me . my bigger dog is 80lbs and it holds up great . would recommend .
i'll keep trying , but so far , he's not interested in it . but the product works as shown , but just not with my dog .
this stuff does not work for us . i have heard other people have had success with it but we did not .
this stuff always works very well . great if you have puppies in the house-breaking stage , but it works well for many types of stains .
my dog is a great de-stuffer of toys but she can't shred this one ! love it ! machine washable for when it gets too slobbery !
i received this product in a good shape , the treats inside are okay , not broken or torn apart , so everything is perfect .
i got this for my 7 year old dog who knows nothing but pull pull pull . she walked just fine with it .
this is the food my ferrets like so i buy it . they haven't died or gotten sick from it , so it's good .
lasts a long time and is well shaped and good size . my dog enjoys it a lot , even though he only chews on the bottom end .
leaked all over my yard . i did not want a swamp , i wanted something to scare away the neighbor pets . this was not the answer .
these are quite skinny . and my dog can make one disappear quickly . but he does seem to really enjoy them .
my dog likes to tug and pull , and doesn't really care for this one . it looks indestructible though , and is generally as described .
my gold fish seem to like searching for this food on the bottom of the tank . i switch between this & flake food .
these treats are expensive but help with my one dog's problem with colitis and my other dog's problem with allergies .
works great , for a touch up , small and compact for traveling out of town , use it on my english angora rabbits
they are a little smaller than the ones i find at the local farm or pet store but the price is right . i would buy again .
these treats are excellent for that require limited ingredient diets . small , soft , rectangular and can be torn apart to make smaller if necessary .
about our third favorite of the five . a little difficult to catch when thrown from across the room or up high .
great product for giving animals pills and tablets . i use them all the time . much cheaper to buy on line ! !
nice sturdy container , the cats can't knock it over ! all 4 grasses grew in a timely manner ! cats love it !
my gsmd pup loved these ! it has worked great for training , and i did as others suggested and cut them into 9 small pieces !
i purchase blue buffalo because it's # 1 in my book and i like to feed my girls only the best .
our cays love these ! when i put the package on the table our cats were instanly trying to get at it ! i have to hide til christmas .
my maine coons love the rabbit formula pate . the product has been consistently good for them and they've never turned away from it .
holding up to corgi teeth . bounces all directions - very exciting . worth the money . customer is very happy and so is the dog !
the dog seems to like this , but likes the other brand better . i use these as treats and cut them up small .
great retractable leash for a small dog and half the price you'd pay at your local pet store . great purchase !
as represented find it working in my tank now lots of fun would recommend this product to all who want something interesting
my ferrets love it and it is sturdy ! this is their preferred sleeping spot . all 3 of them climb on each other .
my fur baby loves this . likes to nap on the highest tower . she goes crazy on it , good for exercise
my 3 lb dog likes these but can't chew too long or her gums get sore she is so delicate . good product and exactly as promised
my puppy loves them and goes through a bag as quickly and often as i will give them to him .
you might as well be spraying water on your pets stuff . there is no smell and my cats had zero reaction to this product .
i purchased this instead of the more expensive upright scratcher . i ended up buying the other scratcher and my cat loves it .
being a multi-cat family this item is holding up exceptionally well . i definitely would buy this item again and recommend it .
our dog is small , so we break these in half for her treats . she loves them and appreciates the reward for the good things she does .
sounds great and dog liked for a few days now he won't touch it . i think it would be a little bit better if it was rubber .
without his my dog would have to be put to sleep this medcine is magic it took my dog from crippled to virbrant and healthy
dog chews but cannot tear apart . bright color easy to find . tough toy for all dogs who like to play ball .
i gotta be careful with this one or they will eat all at one sitting . yummmmmmmmmmmmmm for my 3 cats
he loves these pouches . we give these to him every day for lunch . looks forward to having lunch with mommy and daddy .
perfect for my akita ( they are prone to bloat ) ! durable construction & i really like the blue ! can't beat the price !
should have purchased this larger size when i was cycling the tank . easy to use so they worked great for me .
love these ... keep my dogs busy and they seem to love them as well ... i would def buy those again as they were a good cost
it's heavy duty , and boy does it cut through the clumps of litter . who cares what the color is ? it works !
kitties won't even touch this one . can't determine if it is smell or texture , but they refuse to play with it .
i thought that it was a rubber chew toy but it is the hard plastic . she loves it and carries it around the house .
great supplement for joints for larger dogs . i've seen a difference in my dogs ' quality of life since adding this to their diet .
i did something to my first one and broke it - this is a great product for brushing the dog . i use it daily .
this toy is great for large breeds and aggressive chewers the petsafe treats work well in this toy and are dispensed slowly .
my dogs didn't like it and wouldn't eat it . it remains in my refrigerator uneaten . maybe i can give it away .
this bone holds up pretty well and it's a very good size . my puppy likes it , but doesn't love it .
this was purchased for a friend to try out on her dog . she said she sees a bit of improvement since starting it .
mychihuahua loved this toy so much he chewed it up within four days . i know my cats loved the toy's tail .
my bengals have accepted it as a toy . pretty sturdy and so far it has resisted their sharp claws .
this is a serviceable bag . good thickness to the mesh , and can be cleaned in bleach . the bag closures are great .
great product , holds up to the rough housing of our cats and they love to rub all over it since it's catnip infused !
the cover is nice . it goes on easily and looks good . i wish there was a waterproof cover exactly like it for the iris pen .
this product does as it says . i've had major issues with my boys tracking litter outside the box and have to vacuum almost daily . the
my dog loves this . very durable . it lasted a very long time before he finally tore a hole in it .
our lab puppy really enjoys this toy . she like to squeeze it to make the sounds . it is sturdy . i would buy more from this seller .
it's amazing how cats love the simplest things . mine are nuts for this toy . i would recommend it to anyone !
starmark starmints , healthy dog treats are so hard my dog can chew them . they harder than rocks but smell nice .
it is ok . my puppy likes it ok . she loses interest in it pretty quick . i think it is over-priced .
what a great . toy for big or small dogs.ollie my brothers dog . loved this toy in fact i plan to buy another . soonvery long . soft .
i removed the squeaker from the pocket and filled with catnip to give to my kitty crew . they seem to enjoy it
a nice three pack for puppies . didn't pay much for it ; much less than buying all three separately . love petstages !
this is a great container . i wish it were thinner so it could fit and a tight spot in my kitchen but it still serves its purpose .
of course our lab likes everything and thats why we need the weight control food . she's dong well on it but wants a lot more .
these are the best filter cartridges ever and the price was unbeatable . they are twice as much at petsmart . will definately be ordering on a regular basis
my dog loves these . they're softer than what i expected so she'll devour them in a heartbeat but this is her favorite treat .
this is my favorite brand and healthy for my boston terriers . i like the small bites and use this when overweight . the dogs love it .
i have no complaints out of this . it is a generic hydrometer , works as designed ... just make sure there arent any bubbles below the needle .
i use this when i do any water changes . my fish haven't died so i am assuming it's doing what it is supposed to do . :)
this is a really good product . it only took my dog a few minutes to realize what it was for and she loves it . really good quality .
i use this for additional feedings with my golden puppies just to give them a boost . they love it and it keeps their stools firm .
these bowls ( i bought 3 different varities ) have held up well in my busy household . they clean easily and are very durable .
this smells great however doesn't last as long as other littersi think the kitties like the smell and keep going to the sweet smelling litter box.would recommend this
pretty neat idea . my dogs don't know what to make of it and it does quiet their barking however hasn't stopped them completely .
i purchased two of these format english bulldog puppy . perfect size , and easy to clean the stainless steel bowls and plastic stand .
love this and my turtle loves it it does help with keeping water warmer , , will buy but only when the price is right ! ! ! , !
these are a wonderful treat for my dogs who go at them like heaven on earth . decent price and i will definitely re-order .
the picture makes it look bigger than it is . think it's to much money for the size it is . it's for really small dogs .
awesome product . this product is great . i reduced my nitrates with some extra maintenance and then added purigen . this stuff just stops the production of it
i ordered this for my two rabbits and they love it ! i haven't done the match but it seems much cheaper than buying from a pet store .
i read the reviews on these greenies all the time and my little chihuhua has the worst breath ever and these do not seem to be doing the job
if so , don't waste your money . they are slimy , greasy , and fall apart . hope i remember this so i never purchase again !
owned one for over a year and the belt broke . bought another one and the plastic food dispencer broke warranty replacement it broke again . i give up .
my cats absolutely hate this product . im so sad because it looks like an amazing idea and effective too if i could get it in their mouth .
this comb does not work on dsh cats . the teeth are too far apart to be effective our flea comb works better
i have 2 dwarf holland lop-eared bunnies - brother and sister - and they love this stuff . definitely recommend this product .
my cat loves these treats . i put them on top of her dry food and she eats them first . these were very fresh when they arrived .
our dogs love this . they are small dogs ( a yorkie and a duchshund yorkie mix puppy ) but can use this to tug and run around with .
this is a good product . i had been using an alcohol & salcylic based product for humans . i was concerned about using it when i found the epi-octic
it took birdis a good while to touch it .. but once one little sparrow or finch did .. others joined in which i'm thinking is normal .
my bunny would not touch them , but does luv to munch an alfalfa hay . guess she's just a picky rabbit lol
no more cleaning run-off . best pads we've tried . we have two dogs so we use two and just change to one that's dirty to save a little money
this collar is perfect for outdoor dogs that like to go into the woods with ticks . it kills the ticks quickly and efficiently .
i my dear little kitty scratched a hole through this in no time but i was stupid enough to get another one ... shame on me .
it looks strudy enough and is grass friendly , its for those moments when you dont wants use a shovel but to pluck / sift through something
i have to keep reordering these because this product works so much that there is more peace and quiet with my two girls .
finally a kong toy , durable enough that my german shepard can't rip apart in minutes ... thank you ! she still loves the smaller ones better .
this is quite a deal for the price and the amount you are getting . it is a great product just never found this price before .
works really well but pricey to maintain . my cats prefer the regular litter boxes but will use this if the others get dirty .
the blue buffalo jolly joints chicken jerky dog treats , 3.25- ounce is a great buy , my beagles love them and they are good for them .
i ordered two . she lost one already but the other one is in her mouth constantly . i am going to order a bunch more ! ! !
i thought that it was going to be dried out when i got it but it was fresher than when we bought it at pet smart
setting this up is more trouble than the battery operated ones . it is heavy in the hand and hard to get nails filed down enough .
great product . my eastern box turtle is deformed and cannot catch any live crickets . this product has been a staple to his diet .
so great that we don't have to brush every day ! ! ! oh happy day .. oh happy dog ... effective .. the best i have found .
my neighbors may think it's funny to see me walking her , but i'm preparing her for hiking now that the temps in texas is finally comfortable .
i bought the medium for my small standard poodle but probably should have bought the next size up . this pig has lots of crazy bouncing action !
i keep a couple of these in my car . i seem to run across stray dogs all the time and it is nice to have the slip leashes .
i was so glad to be able to get the milo's kitchen dog treats . my dogs just love these treats .
super accurate heater maintains 30 gallon aquarium temperature within 15 degrees of room temperature . fully submersible . has indicator lights for heating and standby .
my two golden retrievers love these bones . they are high quality and have a nice design for holding & chewing . definitely a favorite .
the stem on these cans are really fragile . considering how hard you gotta push to fill . try to keep the can as upright as possible .
honest kitchen is a go-to brand for treats for my dog . when i see a single-ingredient treat from a place i trust , it is a no-brainer .
my tiny maltese finds this too hard . . . could be she's also too spoiled . she doesn't chew it and we end up throwing away the pieces .
my dobermans get this as a treat as well as a dietary supplement . has all the important vitamins and minerals to provide optimum health .
seem to help unplug the plugged-up kitty . i break them up and give to her as a treat . she gobbles them up !
awesome ! our terrier mix loves his house and with a snuggly bed inside he is a happy pup all night long .
this is a vet recommended dog product that my 2 standard dachshund girls love . they get one a day as a nighttime snack .
read my other review , this supplement keeps on working for my old dogs even the one with hip dysplaysia , she is walking very well .
this is ideal to entertain and exercise a puppy . it gives them plenty of exercise without you getting so exhausted .
we love these ! fresher dog breath , less gagging issues , and great price . individual packages are usually $ 10 each , so the savings are noticeable .
my rabbit is a somewhat picky eater and he tends to leave a bunch of hay laying around , so i have to force him to eat this .
super quiet , very efficient , and great build quality . i have always been a fan of this brand of aquarium products .
too stiff to chew on.my dog ( 7lbs ) like to play with it , but not chewing.its alright , but not what i expected .
when these arrived some of the pieces were slightly broken , but none were completely crushed or broken so badly they couldnt still be given to my chinchilla .
i got this to keep brownie smelling good in between baths , works pretty good . keeps the dog smell away for several days .
i did a lot of price comparisons and this was one of the cheapest prices i could find . arrived on time and in good condition .
i liked this cute pink holder . it held the pee pad in place and my mini poodle had no problem using it .
i liked the product , i wish i had ordered a bigger size , it runs small . i had to give it to a friend
this is well made , looks great ; wonderful fit , warm and snuggly and my doggie " niece " loves to wear it ! i highly recommend .
the roll is small enough to put in my pocket , or attach to buddy's container on his collar . i'm prepared .
for the price this was the best doggie bed . only had it a few weeks.sadly , my little feller isn't with us anymore .
love this shampoo for our cavalier , coat is like silk after his bath ... will buy again
just the right size that the cats can wrestle with it or carry it around in their mouths or bat around with their paws .
i use occasianally wihen it appears bacteria levels have fallen off . buy the bigger bottle as it more bang for the buck .
so this works in my 2013 mini cooper but not in our 2009 neon . we need to find another one that will fit the neon .
bought for a friend's dog but she said he really enjoyed it.good enough for me i suppose . . ..
the amazon price was right and this does the job--no complaints . i purchased another one for my mom as she watches my dog .
it works as it should without any problems . i continue to us it on a quarantine tank . great price as well
my dog likes these but not as much as another brand so that is why i gave 4 stars . i have bought them more than once .
this is a neat way to deal with litter stuff . keeps the cat's litter area nice and neat . love it !
good size . it has a lip , which is helpful for spills . it is great at protecting my hard wood floors .
the two young males like this thing - they play with it more than the round one they have - it works for them
started their ritual sniff-test but instead of raising tail in air to leave , they did a duble take and hunkered dwn fr a meal . ,
this is one of my dog's absolute favorite treats . healthy and good for her ! arrived promptly in good condition , well packed .
my senior dog loves this flavor over the chicken ones . chewy and a good smell . a little bit pricy for the size though
i like it , and my dogs seem to like it , it is better then most and with that come a bit of an increased cost . recommended .
the fleece is fluffy and soft , but sheds a lot - even after washing . i was disappointed with the product .
our barn cats love it . we have a dozen of them taking care of the barn and this is an inexpensive way to fee them .
the cats love it . the vet hates that i give it to them . it's just much easier to purchase through amazon for home delivery .
works well on a table while i hold my pet to groom or in a crate . gets a nice mild ( not too hot ) dry.very happy !
it looks so nice and so soft . the cat doesn't seem to care for it yet . hope she changes her mind . sometimes it takes a while .
my cats say " yum yum " for ff - especially the ones with gravy . tuscany is one of their " faves " . try it !
really makes a difference scooping and sturdy . i highly recommend it for cleaning up the litter box in a quick easy way .
purchased this for our rabbit cage and it works well . no constant drip and with the spring it can pretty much mount anywhere in the cage
just as described . does a great job and is very durable . would recommend to anyone with a fish tank in need of tubing .
they aren't huge , but the dogs love them . they didn't make a huge mess when i opened them , so i am happy , too .
shows the temp right there where it goes on with a suction cup outside the tank , very accurate , and i am very satisfied with it .
this bowl was not able to slow our dog down for very long . after a week he had it figured out and was eating at full pace again .
this seems to have no effect or maybe a slightly attractive effect on my cat . she seems to be drawn to the smell ... there goes my furniture ...
i really like this spray , it smells great , and make brushing my fluffy dog easy . it's a great way to sustain him between baths .
my dog went nuts when i tested one squeaker . now , i have to actually make a toy for him ... this weekend's project !
i bought this product after reading reviews on dog food advisor . it was good for my 30 dog but the chunks are too big for my chihuahuas
pure wholeness good meal cat food for all your pets nutritional needs.all in one can great product people look at the ingredients
this is our two guinea pigs favorite hay . they also get orchard grass and timothy hay , but this always disappears first .
the feathers come off in a day or two of play .. there are much better toys out there for less money , that will last longer .
got this for my fur babies to play with and they love the squeak part of the toy .. hrs of fun for them ..
i bought his to power my leds for my fish tank . it works fine , but i wish it would have been included with the leds .
seems to work pretty well and the spray appears to last longer than the diffuser . it does appear to greatly reduce the number of " issues " .
this muzzle makes clipping nails and cleaning ears on my crabby chihuahua much easier and quicker . anytime i can do this without bleeding is a good day.kathy
my cat really enjoys this dry cat food . it is packaged very well - not too big or too small . very convenient for me .
this supplement seems to be working . not so many yellow spots on the grassit will save us a bundle when it comes time to repair the lawn
this is one of the best tuffies toys out there and has lasted us a good while . the purple octopus is no match for this guy !
one of my 3 cats loves them - pink seems to be her favorite color . she has been known to play fetch using the ball .
i've only had this in the tank for a few days but the plants are already greening up . didn't disrupt the existing fish and snails at all .
our dog loves these.he thinks they are candy.it is easier to give him his daily pills .
all my cats love it . all 3 go absolutely crazy for this toy . buy more than one as the cats will get protective of it .
its perfect for small dogs , but not my lab ! he tore it apart .
my hounds love the duck treats . they are very lean and easy to chew .
nice for a change from other canned foods . like bites in gravy , rather than a smooth puree . a happy cat !
for a house that has a lot of fur and dust-not great . plus ... you really need to stay on top of cleaning it-i would not recommend it
i've gotten these since day one and all my guinea pigs love them . they also love the willow ball toys but they don't last as long , lol .
this is one of only a few toys that have outlasted my pitbull terrier . no matter how much he chews this toy has stood up to it !
easy to wash and easy to install , has worked very well to keep the back seat of the car clean . i loved its design and fabric .
we ordered the extra balls to have on hand . our cat likes to play with his catit trac ball when everyone is too busy to interact with him .
we have 4 puppia harnesses at our house and this material seems to run smaller than the mesh material ones .
i like the little jacs liver treats for my big dogs . they're just the right size for a quick reward and the dogs love them .
it took some time for them to get adjusted to it , but now they devour it . i'm glad it is healthy for my two dogs .
dogs love it , we have a lab and gsd , they have lots of toys and still like this one . they still play with it .
my puppy has already out grown this .. but great cage .. will need to get a new one soon , will donate to the humane society
anyone who has used this stuff knows that you can't beat it . it works for my dog . i get reqular compliments on how soft her coat is .
great product . this has got to be the greatest cat treat their is , my cats go absolutely crazy over this treat ! and usa .
i just bought this as a replacement for my nitrite bottle in the master test kit - i'd run out . awesome that it comes with another test tube .
bull terrier just loves loves loves this tire ! still has not chewed thru it as i thought he would ! this is great ! !
for whatever reason my standard poodle does not try to tear these open . have lasted a long time and he loves to squeak them .
looks good and works as it should . my pump has no problems with this attached . perfect cheap buy to protect your pump .
second time in buying these - they are not too hard for the pups to get the treats - you can use many different treats with this toy .
does exactly what it's supposed to do . hasn't had any fraying or problems like that . a good , strong , leash for my 50 pound baby .
better then what i had . good enough till i can get better . i can't shorten this enough , she can still get to the front seat .
this is the best value i found on the market at $ 0.03 a bag and it came with a dispenser . no-brainer choice for a dog owner .
in short - - a great value and it is still very good quality food.all of the fish in my community tanks go crazy for it .
my cats like anything with a tale and ears and these things are cute to see around the house so it's a win win !
my cats like this brand and flavor of dry cat food . my research has shown that the ingredients are good for my cats .
i tried this food for my goldfish , and it really works great.does not mess the water and my ranchus really like it
our two dogs love these , even more than they loved greenies . their breath does smell nicely minty after they've had one .
very impressed with the quality and durability of this product . i expected business card quality but these are laminated and printing is easy to read .
great tool . the new grip is comfortable . the length is perfect . the ball does is average but any tennis ball works fine .
i was given this product when we adopted our dog 2 years ago as she was diagnosed with hip dysplasia as a puppy-it really helps with her mobility .
the chinchilla loved the wooden chew ball and plays with it . i will definately be buying more again when he's done chewing on them .
love this dog food and have purchased for a while . first time having it delivered and i love the convenience .
these chews were recommended by our vet and were told that we should give only one per day.our pet really loves them .
my boss has 5 yappy pomeranians in the office and it makes working nearly impossible . i thought this would help . they did not even notice .
no chicken smell unlike some other brands i bought . my dog doesn't love it as much . but he also didn't reject it
good quality shrimp tablets to feed your fish ! what more is there to say ? drop them in and watch your fish enjoy .
i used this as the main crate until my dog was full grown and now for travel . really versatile and sturdy . i liked having the multiplee doors ,
my rats love these n look forward to recieving the . they eat them right away , they never gi to waste
nice product . no noise of clanking tags waking me in the night . easy to attach and so far has stayed on .
my keet did not like this product ... she much prefers something to tear apart ! try the bird kabobs ~ your keet will be chirpping away !
numbers to small , ended up buying one @ the pet store.very nice design but its hard to see the numbers.gave it away .
great price as i've seen it selling for a little more on other sites . i will buy it again . keeps my fish tank sparking clean .
we keep these in our car for when we take our dogs hiking . they hold water great and are easy to store and the price is perfect .
i bought this for my inside dog when i let him out-he won't bark but i can keep up with him by the sound of the bells
i've changed my review to a 5 star because these are very useful , they fit perfectly and are easy to remove without dropping the can ;-)
very good treat ... dog likes them . they are a very good size . healthy . cheap . simple . bottom line , will buy again
i used to scoff at these leashes but now that i am training my puppy , the freedom without the fear of losing him is pretty super .
my lab had this torn up in less than 4 min if your dog likes to rip these kind of toys up this is not the one for you .
my high energy kitty loves this tunnel . he will play and hide inside the tunnel . we highly recommend - you won't be disappointed .
great conditioner for my 75 gallon tank , works quickly and seems to make the water perfect for my fish , good price too
he still depends are really good the problem is the clodfelter up too fast i like the bacteria to build a little more my time
too soon to tell if the product eases joint pain but my vet recommended it as a preventative since my poodle has undulating patella so i'll keep using it .
does a pretty good job but my dog still gets fleas , it reduces the fleas if anything . but it works
dog loves the bones ! these chew up in slightly bigger shavings than the traditional color of nylabone but the dog still loves them
i bought this bowl after my cat knocked her last bowl off the coutner and shattered it . this bowl is cute and my cat loves it .
i'm not convinced that these actually work , but they were a required part of the litter box that i bought .
this product was not eaten by our picky inside cats . perhaps it was too soft and the aroma too intense for their preferences .
and they seem healthy . we feed a fish and potato regular food , so using treats of the same ingredients seems wise .
my kitten can pop it off in less then 4 microseconds . it was not a good purchase and would not recommend for cats
easy to hatch and my apistogrammas love them ! seems like a high hatch rate but i have no other experiences to reference against
my dog loves them no matter if it is the wafer or soft chew and they really work ! ! ! great product !
our latest addition to our family is a chewer , so this gift will get its wear with cooper , he loves to play with all by himself
i've been using this product for quite a while and it seems to work fine . this was the best price i found .
bought these steps for our older cat to get on the bed , they are perfect for her and the other ( younger ) cats use them too !
buy the comfort zone product instead . it's the same thing and costs a lot less . i have both , they are truly identical .
i am still using this product so far it seem ok . so i will keep using it for better resource .
i use this as her therapy harness . i sewed her patches on and it looks awesome . i take it everywhere .
i have three large dogs and they love this , i feed them once a day with this and once a day with dry food .
this rug really works and my dog loves it . it's soft for her to stand on and very absorbent . it really helps on those rainy days !
i was looking for a material other than nylon for my dog's collar and leash . i found this and love it . i think my dog does too .
i use this on my 55 lb pitbull and my 45 lb terrier mix and both have stayed flea free with no allergic reactions .
plan to use this collar to replace my dog's adjustable nylon collar which he could stretch & slip out of fairly easily . haven't tried it yet .
i use it every day because my dog can go up and down my front stairs without getting pulled back by a short leash .
the ingredient declaration makes me happy , and the taste makes my dogs happy - they are happy the chew them down .
great product easy to use sucks like a vacuum and can fill the tank up very fast making tank cleaning a breeze
my cat loves it ... after buying 5 different cat houses ... this one he loves and i feel good that i know he is warm and safe
these carriers cost a lot more in the stores . i like the materal . it is very comfortable for the cat and me .
my dogs love these bones . the filling doesn't last long but the bones do . they are also easy to refill with treats or peanut butter
our gang chewed up this interactive game . why interact with it when you can chew it up to get the treats ? !
good harness , except for the very sharp edges of the nylon where it is fused to prevent unravelling . i used an emory board to make it smother .
my pom loves these . he likes to take his pandas with him everywhere . i like that they all have different squeaking sounds .
i bought this for my chinchilla to chew on and he loves it . i could not beat the price either .
my cat loves this . i love it because it has a lot of gravy . fluids are impt for cats , their diets should be 60-70 % moisture
works very well at gently pulling out loose fur , and anything that gets entangled in it like grass or burrs . easy to clean out , comfortable handle .
wonderful tool for clipping my dog's nails . i just wish the little handle that keeps is closed didnt keep shutting on me when i try clipping her nails .
i bought this as part of a package for a local humane society . they are in constant need of kitten milk replacer , especially in the spring !
our german shepard like this , but i was very disappointed that one crunch and it was broken . it would be fine for a smaller dog .
our cats love their catit water foutain and those filter keep their water fresh and clean so i guess they love the filters too !
probably best for small dogs . my 6 mo . beagle chewed right through this and ate it . at least it was some entertainment for a few days ...
works just like it should , strong net and the price is good , won't hurt my fishy friends i love this net .
i gave these to my yellow lab puppy while training him . he loved them ! they smell yummy and they did the trick ( no pun intended )
my two wiennie dogs love it , one is old , one is a pup . i am feeding half of what i was using the store brand beneful
nice water bowl for a walk and dog park . it's very well made but had some weird manufacturing smell to it .
this treat ball works as expected . i used tempations cat treats and they dispense fine . the cats arent used to having to work for treats though .
this worked as expected and was a good value . was great for the camping trip so the dog could hang out without always being on his leash .
keeps my 40lb dog busy for about 45 minutes ; however , the texture is rough on her stomach and she gets sick afterwards .
this toothbrush is excellent . it makes it easy to get to the back teeth . my dog loves the taste of the toothpaste
my cats like it quite well . i use one can for three cats every evening . however , they have dry food available at all times .
my cats love this toy and the attachments ... i am glad i was able to find it on amazon at a reasonable price
i love this scoop . others i purchased all broke within a week . it does the job , and fits into the side pocket of litter genie .
much better than using finger nail clippers that is for sure . i wish i had ordered these earlier . cheaper than in the stores also .
my water turtles love them ! they are a good treat & change of the daily green floating sticks they eat ..
easy to break in pieces , healthy and the dogs love it , no greasy fingers and no choking since they tend to swallow it quickly .
he loves them ! but he has allergies so i had to cut everything edible out to find what was causing it .
its just your average silicone poly flow line the blue color can add some astetic value if you have a lot of blues in your tank it blends well too
this is a great perch ! our kitten immediately loved it and is now on it all the time . it was also very easy to install
this is a well made bed that our cat loves and uses evey day . it keeps him warm and happy !
my cats are shy and it's hard to know if this will work or not . so far one of my four cats have liked it .
purchased for our two toy poodles crate , perfect size and nice thickness . washed once , washed well holding it's shape and did well in the dryer .
eggs are hard for dog to dig out . perfect for smarter dogs than easier toys . also very sturdy fabric so it can be used as tug .
this is great bed , alll the pets love it . i sit on it sometimes while watching tv , its so comfy .
my cats , liked very much this balls because of the cat nip , so they are good for entertainment and enjoyment .
an inexpensive but decent product . our cat didn't like the cover much . but the cover is fine . keeps litter in the bottom .
my cat loves this , so does my dog ! a fun toy to keep her occupied , and i change the design occasionally just to keep it interesting !
received these today . my dogs loved them . they kept jumping for more . i would recommend this product 5 stars . prompt shipping .
so far they last . ask me in a few months.he has gone through several balls but his is a young lab with sharp teeth .
we have been using this product for our cat who has renal disease for about 6 years . highly recommend this product .
our older picky eater even likes this dog food . we like it because its a good solid food with no extras that are not needed .
i wish it was designed somewhat more efficient , because if you have really hungry dogs like mine , then this won't slow them down enough !
i use this for all my animals . it is amazing on my medium length hair cat and there are fewer hair balls !
both this for our cat who is stressed by other cats . it seemed to work well in conjunction with the defuser both at home and for travel .
this coat was huge on my dog ! she generally wears a medium to large and she was swimming in it . sizing was definitely off .
works well on my dogs ears , i bought all kinds of other stuff to use on his ears also , haven't really got to use this one as much
buying these cans individually will be very pricey , so when i so i could buy them in bulk , i was very happy .
great filters ! super fast to change ! would highly recommend to anyone with the pioneer pet fountains . seems to filter the water nicely .
i have 3 very picky eaters . anything they get they scrutinize , and they love these vitamins ! ! ! would highly recommend them for picky pups .
too bad the dogs love this so much because it can drive you crazy after awhile.it ' s very contagious too though and makes us laugh a lot ! !
the kong are the only toys she doesn't immediately tear up . these usually last over a week or more with constant playing .
great product , dogs love it and chase it around all day long , which gives me time to take a nap .
great quality food , dogs love the taste , safe and good quality ingredients , many choices for your large , medium , or small breed dogs and puppies
we have the spray bottle for nature's miracle and this is great for refilling that , lasts a long time , provides many refills .
my 2 cats just love this lil treat . just a little something extra to show how much you love them .
have these in a number of sizes in this perch.easy to clean . great for toe nails . easy to secure .
bodgie the cockatiel has played with this from the day we got it . bells don't ring super loudly but he seems to enjoy tugging on them .
i just like the design of this stone it seems very utilitarian and minimalistic . the weight gives it intrinsic quality of staying in place .
our new rescue boxer inhaled his food as if it were his last meal . well , the new bowl has helped him a lot--and us too .
my dogs love this meal and it smells like real chicken too . i usually add fresh chopped veggies like broccoli , or carrots .
the birds don't seem to love it but they do eat it when they can't get to the other feeder .
product works as decribed . i am teaching myself how to groom my little dogs and this was a size razor i needed to add to my tools .
this is a good pet fountain.we clean once a week , and change the filter about every three weeks .
tried all kind of bones , these do not make my puppy sick ( she cannot do rawhide ) and they last a long time .
received quickly , great value , just what i needed for my 60 lb boxer , glad i got two , would get another in future
i try to brush my dog's teeth daily - this is the toothpaste i use because of the enzymes in it .
cat loves it ! yes , i have reordered on several occasions . there is a variety of flavors . your cat will love it !
not sure what else to write except it does what it is supposed ... it doesn't do well in high winds , but most hooks wouldn't ha
i sent this to a rescue that i tremendously love & support because i love the breed ... german shepherdsthey love this stuff ... so do the dogs .
i have a 16 - lb poodle mix , and these bags are big enough and thick enough for his poop . i'd buy them again .
i used this for my dogs and it did work to make their coats shiny . i would kindly recommend it .
didn't find they took the stains out better than baby shampoo and a soft cloth . however , they are handy to have around .
have mastiff & this is one of the few toys that can survive his jaws . very durable & long lasting .
it's awesome ! ! ! very sturdy and easy to assemble . my 6 month old shih tzu checked it out right away ! ! !
putting pills in these pockets works every time . my dogs think they are getting treats when they used to run and hide when it was pill time .
dog has a great time with this . simple to set up and looks durable . gsd learned to use it with minimal effort on my part .
this large size is great for my dwarf rabbit ! she loves hiding under it and running through it . i recommend this
cats enjoy it and the price was right . shipping was prompt and i would probably buy another one . or something like it
saves money from buying them single or by the 4 pack at a store . my birds love cuttle bones . these will last a long long time
i bought this for two large puppies that play with everything . they would not touch this ball . it was a total waste of money .
it is a good product but if you have a little dog , do not buy it . the pouch is very deep .
as with all laser light toys . . . the cat loves it ! it lasted longer then expected , a nice plus .
fluval chi cover is simply a cover that does not even cover the entire top of the chi and is too expensive for a piece of plastic .
awesome ! quiet ! best one i've owned.just make sure to add a check valve just in case the power goes out .
this belt style retractable leash is so much better than the corded / wire ( cheaper ) ones . much more enjoyable walks for my zig-zagging pomeranian .
excellent product and very well priced . it came on-time and had no issues .
i have happy , happy , happy doges now when a strom pops up or they hang out with us shooying on the practice range !
wants to be groomed via hand and this isn't really cutting it . i tried multiple times but she doesn't seem to impressed .
my cats like this kibble very much and i have to keep it in the house . preferred to most other brands .
this shampoo is very gentle and does not dry out my dog's skin . it lathers well and rinses out very easily . i would highly recommend it .
ice on ice makes it easier to comb through your dogs hair . i use it on a dry coat and it makes grooming so easy .
i'm using the halti for training my 60 lb . shepherd and could not control her without this halti - i really like it .
very high quality item . my dog loves it and is still playing with it a month later . good value for the money
i bought this for my daughter and her dogs . she likes the filters and thinks they work great . they are easy to change out and clean .
my experience--so so results and relatively messy / difficult to use / apply . not much product for the cost . would look for a better value .
i haven't used yet . just waiting for our puppy to arrive . worked great in the past with other pupyes i would recommend
my two fly through dentastix but these make them slow down . they are helping remove plaque and makes brushing easier to get stuff off .
i love this feeder . i can leave the house overnight and not worry about my cat getting the right amount of food for five feedings .
this one is working a lot harder since it is in a discus tank and it is just doing great keeping 55 gallons at a good temp .
teeth brushing is easier with a flavor my dogs really like better than chicken . works as well as other doggie toothpastes but is more acceptable to my dogs .
the color inspires spunky to run around and popcorn for me all the time and rest time is a synch for him .
one of my cats has a problem with hairballs . she does like these treats , and time will tell if it works .
superior product . withstands my puppy's chewing with ease . i recommend this product to all puppy owners . great , great , great product .
this filter works great with the fountain . these filters have become hard to find , and i'm so glad amazon came to the rescue for me again .
really liked this for our dog but had to cut out an area for him to urinate . it is warm and fit great otherwise .
fun product . dogs really enjoy the challenge and something different . i would buy again and recommend to others looking for ways to challenge dogs .
i like this fountain mostly because it is not plastic and much easier to keep clean . i have very hard water . cats dig it .
i love that these are healthy treats and my puppy loves the flavor ! wellness brand rocks !
cuts great and it is quiet . only if my dog would stop sitting down every time i try to trim him underneath . lol
amazon is the best way to purchase filters this way if you have several tanks or filters that need changed often . well worth the price .
the dog loves this food . i did have to change it up after a while , but kept in the taste of the wild family .
if you have a female that gets utis regularly this is an easy powder to use . no more cranberry pills that they can spit out later .
well , it's not i but my dog that loves the greenies . getting his greenie is the highlight of his day .
this is the second one i have bought the last one lasted 10 months in the hot florida sun before snapping for the price it is worth it .
perfect piggy sliver treats for small and medium dogs . they don't smell and aren't greasy like others . my dogs love them !
keeping my water quality in good condition . no harm to fish and the tank is happier with quality water . recommend
what can you say about seachem but they are the best . all i buy is their products because i can really trust them .
my rabbits had a allot of fun with these items for christmas . they enjoyed tearing the package open and playing with the items inside
well worth the money for the hours of play my labradoodle gets from this ball . much cheaper than in the store !
this product is necessary when you have cats . gets rid of all odors and leaves a refreshing aroma . this product leaves no residue smell .
this product complies exactly what it promises . my water is completely clean . the seachem products are excellent . recommend the use of this product .
these bags smell great . they totally mask the crap stench . definitely makes for a much less odorous experience . what's not to like ?
both my dogs love these as a special treat . they're good quality and much less expensive on line vs . at local pet store ! !
busy buddy toys are so great , and the rings are very digestable , and keep the dog busy for at least 20 minutes
loose granules and does need bagging for your canister ... easy , i use 2 bags to soften in my fluval filter ... shipment fast and price reasonable .
once down to certain point water barely comes out we went back to basic water thing only good thing about it is the height and the size
this is a great carrier adn my pet loves it as much as i do . got it at a great price adn received quickly !
how cute that it has a little guinea pig face , and it's a nice heavy ceramic so the pig can't knock it over .
this is perfect for small breed dogs . my puppy loves it . they are easy for little dog to carry around and are hard to chew up .
my cat finds this interesting - however , once he gets his paws and teeth on it - he'll chew on it and that's the end of that toy .
the cat likes this little resting spot . it is easy to clean and reasonably priced . it is a nice addition to the cat's house
i love these dog leashes because they are made very good , long , and stand out because of the colors i ordered .
my lab loves this and enjoys making it squeak as much as he enjoys bringing it back to be thrown again and again !
bought there product before i like it i have just in case if i need it for cuts scrapes etc .
of all snacks , my minpin , buddy , likes these better than anything , even me , i think ! not a bad price , either ...
my puppy loves these dental chews ... and as far as treats go ... they are a great price ... $ . 175 each .
i use this with my table clamp ( also bought on amazon ) . keeps dogs standing upright without choking them so grooming's a snap .
i use it when i need my 9 months old morkie to be busy and it really does the job !
elvina and fella get one can split between them as a treat at night and gingerlily sometimes steals a little . i rotate among the flavors .
its better than my old collar , but is not soft enough for kitty and pink is a little too bright . average at best .
my dog tyler takes his ' baby ' everywhere ! he's happy , i'm happy not picking up stuffing ! thanks for saving my back .
this harness is really made very nice but it was to small for my shih tzu and i had to return it , . i have always gotten medium before
although ... our dog likes ice cubes ! but , knowing they are healthy , made in the us , and food grade makes a difference for us .
i've used doggy pads in my breeze for quite awhile , but these real breeze tidy cat pads are much better , and worth the price .
had to buy another , but now he is bored with it ! not a uncommon thing . happy dog loved it . cute and colorful .
i stopped buying this brand after i found out that they get their chicken from china .. :\ i used to really like them toooo
great product , great price , and easy to put together . opening is large , so easy to put kitties into it . would buy this agin .
one of my add cats loves this . my other male cat doesn't care about it . overall not bad for the price .
for being " extra small " puppy toys they're very i large . they're good quality just too big for our little man .
my dog love them . this is my second time that i bought them thank you so much i will order again
great item ! easy to assemble with quality instructions . even easier to install ! runs silent , and easily adjustable . plan on buying more in the future !
good ingredients , excellent taste . the mutts approved by begging for more . we're happy to see better ingredients for our girls.will definitely purchase again .
great bowl . collapsible , durable , great material . fantastic for traveling . has a button to keep the bowl folded in half when needed .
i have had other crinkle tunnels that my cats have loved but this one is just the best with the lining ! purrfect for any cat !
this is a low calorie , grain free treat my dogs love ! lower in protein than most grain free treats . i will order these again .
it's a big container with a bowl attached to it . it holds a few pounds of food . does it's job nicely .
i love this sturdibag . my dog feels secure while traveling in it . he has room to stand up and turn around in it .
too fussy for fussy cat now . he spit out the anchovy bits and left most of the rest . think we will go back to regular tuna .
my dogs love all the different flavors ! this had wings with the bones ( they're soft ) , so my dogs went crazy !
i love halo ' s products as well as my dog does but this was a new treat . my maltese loves to chew on these .
i love the price on amazon . i don't live near a pet store that stocks royal canin . it's cheaper than at petco !
i have used this many times during water changes on my 75 gallon aquarium and it works great ! i will always keep a bottle of this around .
i returned this harness . i didn't really care for the construction . i thought the stress points could have had stronger stitching .
easy to scoop solid waste from and convenient to replace.absorbs liquids not passed thru to pad try of system .
my pup enjoys playing fetch with these balls but when i get tired he keeps on entertaining himself with the squeaker .
i hope that this toy gives these poor animals a little bit of pleasure while waiting for their forever homes
i would rate this at 8 our of 10 . good quality and easier than making my own for the cat .
i know these are supposed to be durable but they are so hard that my pits bulls don't even want to chew them :(
we switched from dog food containing grain as doggie was gaining weight . mini-dachshund is healthy , happy , and weight is stable .
there are no standards or oversight as to what goes into these products . i had one dog get violently ill and threw the bag away .
this product looks exactly as advertised . the inner two bowls are removable for washing . great product overall and my pup loves it also
my 4yr old dog has knees that pop out of joint . the vet recommended dasuquin , it really works . he's not limping anymore .
my cat really liked to lick it off the scratching post i was trying to get him to scratch on .
this spray smells so good , its good to have it between bath times to make your dog smell clean and fresh
can't say enough these came quickly and the dogs love them . nylabone is a good product at a good price .
they were too long and flat ; didn't fit my pan well . i gave them away .
i gave my sister my drinkwell 360 stainless fountain it was too big for my place . i ordered these for her .
my dogs love this item they never get tired of chewing and this keeps them busy for days . i would recommend this if you have aggressive chewers .
my cats love their water fountain and these filters keep it working great . they are easy to change and easy to clean .
our rescue group uses it . easy to use mixed into soft food . i use it for all my foster cats .
the kittens love it , much better than that awful stuff that whiskas makes . i wish it cost less and came in smaller containers .
everything is good , except the " the woof " wording , it comes off very easily , so i have to ripped off before my dog eat it .
buy for a friend who feeds stray cats in neighborhood . cats love and seem happy and healthy .
perfect size for my pup yorkie it is easy to move and set up and that means easy for me to take him on trips with me .
my cats really like this dry food ! it's small enough for my older cat to eat it without difficulty and my younger cat loves it !
my cockatiel sammy has kept himself very busy with this toy . we are almost to the point of having to get another one !
works great ! have had no problem with it.this is a very good design and perfect size for my 20gallon long tank .
i love the color and length of this leash . i have had many people compliment the design and color . i also bought the matching collar and harness .
this is a highly recommended collar . this seller had it at a great price . nice having a german made collar on a german shepherd !
what can you say about filters , they work well for the 360 drinking fountain and keep the water very clean .
my 3 month old cat is just now starting to respond to catnip . i hope as he grows he likes it even more .
my dog loves this particular flavor although she has other " favorites " , too . it is a nutritious food product and my dogthrives on it .
good price , will buy again . i usually buy from vet but it's less expensive here so i am a amazon fan big time
useful little items . allows setting up air hoses in customized ways . fits standard air line tubing just fine . worth getting .
my dogs love this large kong bounzer toy - they enjoy playing with it . it was a great price also .
this bowl does not slow down my dog alot , but it is better than a plain bowl.the best part is it is a nice weght and stainless steel
bella , my kitten , loves the food . i'm happy that she is getting a good quality food so she will grow up healthy and happy .
i have five cats and this is their preferred toy . i can literally play with all five cats at the same time .
this is a great toy for fast eating dogs , really slows them down quite a bit and provides mental stimulation at the same time . great product !
large isn't too big , but this toy is definitely a lot of fun ! ! ! how could you pass up playing tug o war with dna ! :)
some times i think these fish live better than we do . lol i think this is one of the best heaters i have bought in a long time .
my pup loved it and has not torn apart yet . it is small so easily gets under furniture . it worked well
excellent value for the money . have already told others about it . very good quality . easy to put up and put away .
worked perfectly to cycle my stingray aquarium within 2 days . would recommend this brand for any aquarium . the same brand has numerous very well-engineered aquarium additives .
i break it in to small pieces and my cats eat it with no problem .
when i have a litter of puppies , they don't have to fight over this toy ! each pup just grabs a leg and they play tug-of-war .
can't complain these pads work great in my 75 gallon bow front . although i found them cheaper through zanyzap . fast delivery
works well ! contains the litter , my kitty uses it , what's not to like ? the only hard part is finding bags that will fit it .
one of the best training aids i've ever needed for my pup until he knew where to go . great product and didn't take him long to use it .
that pretty much says it all . i couldn't even stand touching them . i've bought pigs ears for decades and these are the most greasy i've ever tried .
this was easy to put together and the cats love it . there was a shelf missing and they sent it right out when i informed them .
my dachshund was able to break this open the very first time that he used it !
these look like they would be a great idea , but they are pretty pricey and our dog blew through them in just a few minutes .
filters for the petmate waterer we use for our cats . just follow the instructions for the fountain and they work great .
love this variety pack - has some great blends and choices . they are smaller cans and a bit pricy , but worth it for the premium ingredients .
this toy has a great concept , except it is not durable to my dogs . this toy is gone within minutes
great ! we don't have to constantly add water anymore , we've had it for a couple of years now and it is still in good condition .
you would think being able to insert your fingers would make it easier to deal with when popping a pill into your pet's mouth , but actually it isn't .
this product works very well , it one used this very consistently . i have four dogs and just one of the dogs has this habit .
been looking for a good quality plastic dropper . they syringe was a bonus . these are well made , accurate and easy to use .
this is excellent stuff , but the drop that comes out is really twice the size it should be . it would be nice if the tip were smaller .
my furry family loves them i like the cups . i use them for diff things.better than cans . there is no mess
didn't interest my dog at all . he would rather chew up the plastic down spout . at least he did ruin it and swallow big pieces .
my 10lb maltese fits easily inside . haven't used it for traveling purposes but seems pretty nice . just have to see how it holds up in the future .
my little one kept hyperventolating with the dry treats so we decided so test h with the soft and chewy , working out great and she loves them
i have been buying this brand for some time now andmy german shepherd is doing very well on it.no junk fillers , no unnecessary additives .
very good design and quality , i love it , save lot of time and no need to lift water ! highly recommend ! :)
easy application and fairly effective.good for quick applications on dogs that are prone to go on the run when its treatment time !
i need to order more of these . they were loved by all of my dogs and therefore didn't last long ! !
the bowls are sturdy and the size is just right for an outside water bowl my dog likes it so what more can you say
this is a great scooper very styrdy & great quality ! i was very pleased it beat the cheapo plastic ones by a mile !
all i have to do is say " do you want a treat " and he is jumping all over in happy anticipation .
my cats love their stainless steel pet fountain and the filters help keep the fur out of the pump . it is easy to replace the filters .
this shampoo was ok . it did not really smell very good , and i didn't see much difference in my dog's itching . it will work for shampoo .
my spoiled cats are very happy , which makes me happy . good purchase . will be back for more . wish there were an assortment box .
my cats love catnip , and i have to say , it's probably the freshest , most potent i've ever bought for them . they love it !
my dog loves this food and i feel great knowing it has some important organic ingredients in it as well .
i'm not sure it slows our dog down , but i like it a lot as a dish . it is sturdy without being heavy .
very nice , lots of colors to choose from . very well made and this is my choice out of all the hairbows that aria makes .
i have some puppies and the have a hard time holding it in so i orders this and such a smile came across my face . no scrubbing just spray
great wax for the dogs paws ! living in mn we need to put protection on our dogs feet to go outside
my german shepherd loves these . gone in seconds . would recommend for an intermediate treat between training treats and long lasting treats ( bully sticks , etc ) .
not as heavyily made , flimsy . recommend heavyier made collar and one that dony have quick release . i do not recommend .
i give this on a regular basis to my cat with feline herpes virus . it seems to work and he laps it up like it's a treat .
i didn't like them , didn't know they were made in china , i don't give them any toys or treats made in china . they aren't made well
i can fit two of these crates side by side in the back of my 2008 ford explorer and they fit my 60 # and 72 # dogs .
dog eats it and he is really healthy and fit so that is all i am looking for , he eats the dog chow now instead of the puppy .
so glad they had it right with the litter genie i purchased - which the local store did not have currently in supply !
this leash is very soft to grip and has great reflective properties . we use it around our neighborhood on runs for protection and it's worked well so far .
returned this was just not up to the task . not heavy duty enough . i ended up getting a goodpairof scissors and am glad i did .
this product is awesome . my lab loves to chew up every toy i seem to get her within 20 minutes . this is seriously indestructible . recommend !
what's not to love ... except smelling it ! good seal though and no throw up from illness ( miini german shnuzer ) .
this is so easy for the dogs to get off . we ended up using duct tape to keep it onpros nonecons don't purchase
it may look a little big , but it's perfect & has adjustments for her growth . it will fit 2.6 lbs to 7 lbs . yorkie-pom mix .
this stuff works on betta . i used it to treat my betta and guppies . they all survived and i haven't had a case of ick since .
the cat wouldn't even come near it and it was smaller than i thought so i just sent it back
he's worked to keep bacteria of the fish tank i don't have to change every six months it's the best stuff ever it works great i love my
they actually still play with it and it's worth the money . they could care less about the mouse on a stick part though .
thumbs up in my opinion . keeps fish oder down and water clean . recommended for people with the fluval systems . thanks
is the exact product as original , does the same and works excellent and the price was low recommend you buy
this is the same food i get from the fancy pet stores , except i spend less and it comes to my door !
it's smaller than i thought it'd be but quality is fine . the edges of the plastic are smooth and it does not have any icky plastic smell .
this is my dogs favorite food ! the price was less than at the store , how could i say no ? a real deal !
good design and manufacturing . my cat enjoy it . easy to transport and locate in several places . useful and great for cats .
i use this bowl at the barn where i work . all of the barn cats love it . it kept them drinking and healthy this winter .
a great tug-of-war toy.keeps the canines occupied.big dogs would probably need the larger version.but this one works great for my bouviers .
great , durable and clean looking . doesn't ruin view of the room . easy access for pooches to get up and down from beds , couches etc .
my dog needs extra support but not to say these did not delivery any help is not what i am saying he just needs more .
gecko seems to like it , i like that the bag easily seals . the food smells good , unlike another brand we had originally gotten .
these pads are great and go with their line of trays they sell . price is high so shop around and you might find cheaper .
this toy has been great for my 9 week old bulldog . he loves the sound it makes and it's built puppy tough .
this product is too hard for puppy teeth , and my two dogs are not interested in it what so ever
extremely easy to destroy but if it's taken away from the dog right away after play then it can survive longer .
went over well with the pup . it took a few months for her to get older and chew on these but they hold up well .
never met a dog that doesn't like them , i foster so i have plenty of taste testers and they all love them !
it was too small for our dog and we got a medium sized carrier from sherpa that fits his needs .
i honestly can't tell if it's working or not . my plants look the same as when i wasn't using this .
they work great and cost a fraction of what you find even in discount stores like big lots . work great with our pug :)
these no track mats are great , my ragdolls track much less litter from box to floor , much less to sweep up.thank you ...
great choice for simases mix kit , adored to death ! ! really should come in six pax mix , great gift for a young cat .
same as the liver , can stuff in kong with peanut butter , give as single or multiple snacks . bed time treats too !
this works great . i use it to feed my snails and they love it . it sinks to the bottom easily and they eat every bit of it .
just the right size for little chihuahua , he was 2lbs when i first bought it . now he's 3lb and still can wear it
this seems to be a product that my cat likes not as good as the other products that he enjoys
i wouldn't even write a review but this product and what you thing you'll get from the photo and details are way off .
we have been using this for years now . it is a must have for older dogs . my dogs run and play without any aches or pains .
my dog enjoys the everlasting treats . liver is a good one for her . she enjoys the challenge of getting it out of the blue holder .
this works great for training and taking my puppy for walks . the strap is sometimes a nuisance when the tie gets tightened but overall good product .
i haven't owned a dog clipper in almost 10 years . we recently adopted a senior rescue maltese and works great for her .
dog has food allergies . yams are on his diet and he loves them .
received quickly.these are hard to find in walmart they sell so quickly.they work nicely keeping my little tanks clean great
banzai and ninja love them , they act like little wolves when they see me get the bag out . 3 wooofs .
it holds water for the short time you may need it while hiking or at the park . folds up nicely , lightweight , great for backpack .
i thought this would be great to spot feed my corals , but its really no better than my cheap dyi model ( which i use more often )
perfect for my 3 hermits . holds moisture and makes it easy for the crabs to dig and molt . much better than the bricks .
our feral seems to eat this , but doesn't seem as happy or enthusiastic about this vs . friskies flaked with tuna sauce .
not indestructible ( but what toy is ) , but great for puppies teeth and gums . hours of fun if filled with peanut butter .
love these beds ... they are super durable and fit perfect in the dog crate ... they also are super easy to throw into the washer and dryer ! !
not good for dogs over 25 lbs . my 43 lb collie puppy ate the small end off in 5 minutes . i will try a much larger size .
i love my catgenies ( i own three ) and these cartridges keep it working as it should . if you are considering a catgenie , buy it .
my kitties like this . right size to hold in their front paws and scratch at it with their back claws , while laying on their backs .
my dogs eat a limited diet fish and potato diet , their breath stinks ! but this works great just add a little in their water bowel
this is the brand i always get , and i can very rarely beat amazon's price .
i may end buying a case full . cats like it best of any i've bought so far . they even sleep on it .
my cats have figured out that getting on the inside gives them a clear track to the ball . it's great fun for them .
have 3 very large alaskan malamutes . two like all of the goofball but one just eats the color / meat flavor portion and leaves the rest .
sturdy product but it is so short that you get nipped playing with the puppy are not using it anymore .
the cat loved these initially , but soon lost interest , so i'll give them less frequently . she actually prefers her dry iams cat food to these .
the cuttlebone holder is great . it holds different sizes of cuttlebone . the birds used it immediately . easy to open and close .
i give it to my 12 yrs old cat as supplement , just sprinkle on the wet foods she like , very easy .
bought these to replace the ones that the dog chewed up . they fit very well and easy to find because of the bright colors .
it never came when i ordered it . it was supposed to be in the package i ordered and it was missing .
they will beg me at night to brush their teeth cause they love this stuff so much ! i think it is helping to keep the teeth tartar free .
my toy poodle puppy loves this chew toy , it's one of her favorites , still looks great after several months . , it's basically for small dogs ..
while these don't fit in my toys , the dog does love them . there are healthier treats , but , all in all , they're not too shabby .
my dogs love these and noise toward this package when it's treat time . good quality ingredients , doesn't stain and doesn't smell gross like some dig treats do .
my puppy has been taking it for 2 weeks , and so far , nothing is working in reference to his eyes draining a dark orange .
my dogs like this ball and havent torn it up yet , but the blue " woof " came off very quickly . no squeaker to tear out either .
this toy plays a really funny song when squeezed . be forewarned that the song might get stuck in your head though !
i dident like the size of it i think it should of been in a larger size of it for to buy
reminds me of old bras that had loose straps here and there . same with this . much better products on the market . sorry i purchased ...
i love the collar so this is great add-on to avoid my collar from becoming obsolete as my dog grows . the links easily attach to the existing collar .
good quality and works well . i suggest this for people over those other dog carriers crates . it better looking and nicer for the animal .
i have 4 indoor cats and this hairball treatment works really well - and they can't seem to get enough of it !
my puppy liked the taste but i think i ordered the wrong size for my 3 month old labradoodle . he finished one bone in less than 5 minutes .
my doberman loves these and looks at me with such excitement when she know she's about to receive her favorite treat .
my dog loves empty water bottles and this is a great addition . he gets the crackling sound without chewing up a plastic bottle . perfect !
ordered needed never used lazy . looks like it might work but really overpriced since it is just a rebranded commercial emory board
pleased with these , easy to put on dog just the right size for my 10 pound dog . material fine . bands find
i ordered this brand of can cat food , after looking around for a more natural type of cat food . my cats love it
they work like a charm and in fact have two working in different applications . you can't go wrong here .
i got these for my sister's cat last year for christmas . they were such a hit , that she / they asked for more this year !
great cat toy . my cats really enjoy it and i enjoy playing with them with this toy . i love it !
works well temporally , but we have a on-going problem with inner ear fungal infection , that reoccurs no matter which medicine we use .
this leash has been working very well , we have had several of these through the years . never snags , holds up very well .
he's tiny and this toy is the perfect size for him . he loves to play with it . glad i found it .
i thought he needed this shirt since i call him " super bubba . " fits great and he loves wearing it .
very easy to clean . i would say do a complete change about once every two months . give it a good rinse with the hose .
our puppy loves this brand and so do we they last price well good quality ... colors fun and bright can clean in dishwasher
didn't realize how small these were , ended up giving them to my mom's chihuahuas and they were the perfect sizes .
my dog is only interested in it when it contains a frozen peanut butter / oatmeal / yogut treat , but he won't play with it .
does shock but i really didn't want to shock my dog . i will check it more and see if there is something i'm doing incorrectly
i didn't like this filter at all . it stopped working after 2 weeks . i had to return it and replace it with a different filter .
i got this for my two mini-rex rabbits . it is nice and roomy , sturdy , and fits perfectly in the corner of their playpen .
this is one of many items that are sold at amazon at a much lower price than in any store , even the biggest super-market . take advantage .
my dog will play with this toy for only a little bit sometimes . i wouldn't recommend this toy to no one .
these are wonderful for furniture , walls , and any place that you don't want kitty making his / her mark . only wish i had discovered them sooner .
my cats did not respond & i have three , i figured at least one would , but they did not i am sorry to say .
the dogs are crazy about these ! the chews are long-lasting and have simple ingredients . they are an occasional treat because they are kind of pricey .
my dogs love these treats and i order them often from amazon . i would highly recommend them to anyone who cares about what they feed their dogs .
works well , kept our cat away from the door . however , that only lasted a couple weeks since we moved the mat .
this is a great light smelling shampoo that cleans as well as keeping my girls happy and tear free.gentle enough for use on a weekly basis if needed .
i have used this in the past . the fish like it , the cats are interested . good price ... what more can i say .
the purpose of these if to have them on the dog's feet to protect them not retrieving them from the backyard when they fall off .
this filter is very easy to use . easy removal and replacement without struggle . they also seem to last longer than advertised , so i am very satisfied .
touch , cute , durable and keep her occupied . battery is still going strong , i will be buying more real soon . great .
great toy especially if your dog likes to pull stuffing out of other toys . i love the kong toys . they are made to last .
it is a bag clipper that works easily . light weight and good attachment to any leash . wish i had bought it sooner .
it works with one dog but neither of my dogs like the taste fo this dental spray .
my dogs loved these sweet potato and carrot veggie chip treats . they were gone far too soon . but i'd get them again .
our barn cats love it . we have a dozen of them taking care of the barn and this is an inexpensive way to feed them .
the product itself is fine but you could buy the product cheaper at many other locations . just not a great value .
great toy for animals however non of mine cared for it at all even when i put catnip all over it - but that's just my cats lol
my dog does really well on missing link . his coat looks awesome and he sheds less as well . it's a great supplement .
my shih tzu has allergies and using this spray alleviates her itching . i highly recommend this product to anyone whose dog has itching problems .
this really helps my senior pet . i tried a different brands and almost immediately she had problems again , so back to this brand it is ! !
my cat tends to eat outside of the bowl . this adaptive mat keeps the floor clean and is easy to clean itself .
good concept for my two little dogs but not enough length at the split for them to really enjoying walking together .
comes with great instructions and even a beginner can get the correct reading :) it also gives tips how to resolve any water problems you might notice .
i do not love this dry food , my pit bull does . it is always packaged with care.keep up the good work .
satisfied with the product , no complaints . led light brightness is very impressive and the blue night option enhances the appeal .
nothing super special about this rawhide . the dog liked it , but it didn't seem to last as long as some other types .
i prices than many other items for my 400 down fish tank so that i can always keep my filter they work well and the filter system is a great
exactly as described as always ! have purchased these a few times from amazon already and haven't had any problems yet !
these chunky peanut butter treats are one of our dog's favorites . i've never been disappointed in the zuke's brand either . highly recommend these .
my pug really loves this blanket . she sleeps with it and knows it is hers . its so soft and just the right size
arrived promptly , as promised . cody the beagle has used this product for years without any issues . it works .
my dogs loved these treat though i wish that the bag didn't have the chip bag effect where it was filled with more air than treats .
this collar allowed me to properly train my doberman pinscher puppy how to walk on a leach without chocking her .
this was awesome until my dog realized it had treats , and he likes to hide treats . so now we can't find it .
i wish the wipes had more wetness to them . i enjoy the citrus scent however i like more moisture in my wipes
my puppy loves to play with the ball . fetch in a squeaky toy ... biwinning .
ordered these for our drink well for when the filter needs to be replaced the cats love the drink well .
i used this on my 15 yr old dogworks greatand my dog loves the tastethank you very muchi need more
great for training and he loves them.they are small enough for a pocket.my senior dog loves them too
finally found one that works as advertised ! ! filter a goldfish tank really well . the filter materials could be a little better .
bed was large enough but flattened out , there is no structure to hold the walls up . would not buy again trashed it
these are great cover ups for the price . however , i would have liked them better if they would have closed on the back instead of the belly .
we buy 26lb bags of cat food and it holds it all just fine . it seals well and stores easily enough .
my dog loves these chews and by studying the package ingredients they do appear to be healthy . they are course still not a substitute for regular dog food
i use this for my 38 pound shiba-inu mix . comfortable to hold , retracts well and i really like that has a belt and not a rope .
i've tried this on all three of my dogs ... it does not calm them at all , even given in a larger dose .
my cats love the shreds but as any food they like a variety . they do best with the shreds compared to the chunky .
this cat food must taste amazing my older cat stopped eating his other food so i tried this ... it was gone in minutes !
this harness rocks . i have tried several and this is the only one that has held up strong in every category . highly recommend .
it did get tired after five years , but i went and bought another . my cat uses it daily - - for drinking not for washing .
we love kong products and have for multiple pets . our puppy recently outgrew the smaller lighter materials and was ready to move up to the mid size .
the hummys use this as funny as that sounds , i guess even hummingbirds need a place to just hang out
i have bought so many scoopers over the years and none compare to this scooper--it is truly the best i have ever used .
four flavors . sick cat eats gravy . can chew some meat in place of dry food . she loves all four flavors ,
love the pet fountain to dispense water and my cats do too . this is a filter and i love them having fresh water daily .
my dog is a very aggressive chewer . he has had this toy for 3 months and it has not even made a dent in it yet . love !
this works fine but it smells chemically and when you get in your car after it has been closed up and hot , your car stinks .
you can put food in it and dogs will play with it but mine does not try to destroy this toy for some reason .
excellent absorption , good size and easy to use . the thicker gel matrix really works and my pups love the softness !
the cats really like this but will tire of it due to its strong flavor . the case price from amazon prime is very good , though .
my dog just goes crazy for this ball . it's soft on the outside but crackles on the inside . good for self play or fetching .
my 6 month old puppy tore this apart in less than 24 hours . she did enjoy it for a while but it's not for tough chewers
give your indoor cat all the vitamins missed by not leaving the house--comes in a variety of four different flavors .
the cat will play with these things by himself for hours on end . they're just plastic springs ! ! ! well worth the money .
durable ! ! ! folds nice .. nice not easy to rip - up ... roomy for my 6lb and 3lb chihuahua .. nice caring bag too
great product , my dog loves it & she's a picky eater ! they smell pretty good too , i can see why she likes them ! lol
good for the look i get from the dogs which says " we need something to chew on - and quickly " :)
dogs who use dispensers need to trade off andexperience different challenges.this is a good beginner and trade off.it is hard enough that our vizsla could notdent it .
my dog is a picky eater and she likes this food . i like that it is natural and a quality dog food .
i should have ordered more . all 5 dogs of varying size love to chew on it for hours . so far , no choking issues
i bought this for my pot belly pig and she loves a good brushing . one of my cats gets jealous and demands a brushing with this as well .
holds the pads so they don't slip and zones her in so she doesn't go over the edgealso i like that it folds up for travel
the only thing that my kitty - - - her name's kitty kittie - - - likes better than this thing is an empty paper shopping bag !
needed tops for my dog food cans and they work . arrived on time , packaged well . what more is there to say about can covers ...
still running 4 years later i would recommend this to anyone looking for a hob filter 3 stage filter that keeps water crystal clear
super pet wheel is great , it works great.especially if you have small animals that like to exercise.you should get one for your pet .
it clumps pretty good to scoop even when it hasn't dried . wish it were a little more dust free though .
they may not last long , because my dogs love them , but great for teething puppies and my older dogs enjoy them , too !
this is an awesome product because it comes in the liquid form . it is good if your animals have difficulty swallowing pills
i wish the manufacturer would display where they are made . " distributed by " usually means they waited for the boat from china and then distributed them .
i don't know why , perhaps he is too young but he isn't that interested in the chew toy . he does like the squeaky toys though .
these are extremely small pet toys . i couldnt let my dog have them in fear of her choking on them
we used up the whole bottle in a week since we are training our new puppy . it takes out the odor on hard wood floor right away .
great for my new puppy . he's outgrowing it now , at about 7 lbs . really like that it was smaller and easier to wash .
this harness is just ok to me . my dog doesn't really like it but the material feels comfy and soft .
i'm constantly playing tug of war with my corgi / chihuahua mix . it's still hanging in strong ! he loves it so i'm happy !
they look fine , got 3 in my pack and they would appear to all be the correct size replacement for my turtle filter .
easy to clean , and sturdy . does what it is supposed to do . would recommend to anyone who needs a scoop .
this jacket is great for this weird weather we are having these days . not too hot , not to cold and dog enjoys it .
excellent durable chew and fetch toy for my dogs . unfortunately i lost it during my last move but will be ordering another one soon .
strong , ( we haven't had any ripping ) yet flexible enough to tie with a knot . a good value for the price .
great toy for my very active mini austrailian shepherds . the ball is extremely durable , the puppies still have not destroyed it .
was a non-starter for our cat , but we gave it to some friends and theirs uses it all the time . ymmv
this is a great product it's well made the perfect dish for my pet i would recommend this it's worth the price
my cat loves this toy . it is a joy watching him play with it . i would resommend this toy to anyone .
best price around and i didn't have to lug it home . my dog is hypoallergenic and this is the only food he can eat . he loves it .
it's a great product ! not heavy , just perfect . i will buy it again.our puppy already ate it :) but this what puppy do .
this works great ! i just attached it to our leash , and now we always have bags at our disposal on our walks !
my son said the dogs didn't lift their heads for a long time , good size antlers and clean . the huskies were happy !
one cat loves it . the other catnip fiend doesn't like this one . but it's still going strong since i purchased it 6 + months ago .
my boxer looks great in this collar ! ! well made and bright ! ! this is too cute on ! ! most adorable collar ever !
it's strong and not entirely pleasant but once it stays on the dog a half day to a day it's really nice . makes him smell great .
inexpensive and no problems on our corgi . i would buy again , but we now order pretty ones . a good , fiscally responsible option for dog owners .
very quiet . it comes with 2 outputs so u can have more air flowing at once . i really like this
i still let my dog chew on the bone and she loves it . it's hallow now so i can put peanut better in the middle it's perfect .
i like how it's soft vinyl on the outside for durability - and soft fabric on the inside for comfort . the dog seems to like it too .
our puppy rooney likes this toy but it is currently too heavy for him to walk around with ( he is just a small french bulldog puppy ) .
new puppy likes the food , but the whole dog journal says it is one of the least healthy so i won't be getting it again .
was suggested by my bengal kitten's breeder easy to use on moist food , kitten doesn't notice it's there . will continue to purchase
my cats love this one . i have recently switched to the diet wet food , but this one was one of their favorites .
cat loves the grass the only problem is planting in a container without bottom holes is very hard as you might over water then you will have mold
love the i-clicks by kpct . they are a great clicker ! i prefer them over the box clicker since they are quieter .
my dog absolutely loves these frisbees ! they are flexible yet sturdy . you never know what color you will receive , but it doesn't really matter .
i love this product . i order it all the time for my big fish tank which i use on a monthly basis
top rate but of course ! awesome toy to keep the pet busy ! highly recommend to friends , family & anyone that has a pet .
my dogs ( mini dachshunds ) just never got into this toy . after several months the plastic became brittle and it cracked .
super clumping , non messy-easy to remove from the boxes ! all 3 of my kittens prefer this over all others i have tried ...
i use it to clear the cat hair from the bed before i go to sleep . keeps allergies at bay .
great for destructive puppies . multiple toys to destroy . my puppy loves pulling out the small toys , then destroying the holder
love this food stand . my five month old pup is an aggressive eater and she hasn't knocked this down yet . bowls are nicely coated and haven't chipped .
had to order one of these units after repeated disease wipe outs . reduced casualty rates greatly , but it is a bit pricey .
i have no trouble giving this to my golden retriever , he takes it every day and never complains about the taste .
i have actually never seen my cat drink from it . he used to drink from a fountain that was much less expensive .
i sent this back . the clippers were loose and could bend the cat's nail before clipping . inferior product . look for something else
this flaxseed oil is perfect solid gold has a very high standard for their products and this oil is perfect .
wonderful flavor . healthy for the feline babies . even my poodle with bad teeth eats it . wish i had tried it before .
good belt for the price although it should not be used with large dogs . only use in conjunction with a harness and not a collar .
i make 200 + purchases a year from amazon , i will say without a doubt that this was the worst one of 2012 , total waste of money
i was planning to return this , because it was too big for my dog . fortunately i found a dog owner who could use it .
this safflower seed was clean with no debris in the bag . not all the birds like it , but that reflects the bird population in my area .
my cats love this food but my one is gluten intolerant so we have to only feed it once in awhile .
awesome and sturdy scoop highly recommended . it digs well and can hold plenty . the screen is thick and strong but the holes are a little small .
my hemingway cat , lady , is missing teeth ( adopted ) so she enjoys the gravy in this product but prefers medleys the most .
i bought two of these for my dwarf rabbit and they were gone in a week . the price is so cheap and it keeps my bun happy :)
after much research , i settled on these . my dog loves them , and they're good for him . what could be better .
both of my cats love the mixture of chicken and fish . their bowls are so clean i don't have to rinse them for their next meal !
none of our cats would eat this . we finally had to give it to our dogs . they will eat anything .
was throwing up the minute he started drinking from it . i took it away - no more sick kitty.no good .
this probiotic has helped my dog's loose stool problem a lot . i think this is a very good pro biotics .
these are a healthier little treat for dogs . they contain a good source of protein . my finicky little dog likes the variety of flavors available .
i have two cats and both of them love this catnip . they get excited when they see me pick up the can .
my mice love these tubes , and have much fun running around in them . the quality is great on these things as well .
i've purchased several different brands of liver treats and this is the best in terms of having good-size pieces with very few small bits and little powder .
great crate - durable and very large . i have a large labrador it's really big for him . be advised how large this thing is .
bought fountain a year ago . have kept filters cleaned . needed new . this was a good price and fit perfectly . price was right to !
seems to take a bit of the edge off . won't make a hyper dog calm though , that would be a bit much to expect .
this is definitely an important piece . it is well worth it to keep your filter from getting all gunked up .
i like being able to get food like this when i can't get out.my cats love it too.some are ferral . i love this food .
my cats come running when they hear me unscrew the lid . absolutely adore the liv-a-littles chicken treats . this is a great product .
bought these for our 2 little dogs because we liked the 4.5 qt versions . dishwasher safe and durable for both sizes . would buy these again .
great bounce for the chase , with a sqeeker to keep their interest . my dogs love it . one squeeker is better than the other .
i have a bichon puppy and he is a very energetic dog . unfortunately he destroyed the squirrels in less than hours !
i have three tanks that are all different sizes and this works very well on all of them . not too bulky .
the color is essential for finding it in the grass . only problem is when we lose or forget them they are expensive to replace .
horrible and really hard i had to soak them in chicken broth then lay them all out to dry before my dogs would touch them . not worth the price
this broke immediately . of course it was tested by the large head of a st . bernard . didn't even go a mile .
my bassett and dachund are true testers of toy durability and these has passed - - they have 3 becase they love them and they have lasted .
used in combo with quick cure and a temp increase . fish ate it , but weren't really enthused about it . george
never tried it myself , but my five feline boys are crazy about these crunchy nuggets . helps me manage the household !
this small dog collar , does wonders for our yorkie ! the dog response well from it , and this collar doesn't harm his neck area .
all my grand doggies thrive on this ... recommended by their vet , too ! it's a great feeling to know you are doing the best for your family .
product seems to work pretty well . easy to use and handy packaging . good product for the price and would buy it again
i am actually going to have to return them - they are too short ; my dog still can't climb up on the bed
in theory this is a good idea . i just haven't found it that helpful and have not used it much .
cat likes the food and i like the resealable bag . great price for quality food that will stay fresh . pleased with the purchase .
if you are buying preassembled bags you are crazy . the package comes with the carbon for every filter . great product !
great filters . they work so well for my fish tank . i have used them for a couple of years now . they do the job .
there was more powder than pieces of the treat . had a hard time getting the pets to eat powder . was it the shipping ?
this helped . my puppy doesnt ' like the taste of poo when i have fed her and the other dog this stuff with their food . whew !
i haven't tryed to use it yet ... but i love the idea . can't wait to try to train my 2 cats .
a rugged accurate fully submersible heater is easy to read and operate . i always keep a simple thermometer in the tanks also plus digital ones to compare accuracy .
puppy loves these chew toys . strings do not pull off easily . she has been chewing on them for 4 days and has not pulled anything off .
they get hyperexcited when i bring out the bag . they are useful for training as my dogs will do just about anything to get one .
i really hated this , but not because of the what it is , because i never could get my dog to wear it .
my dogs love them ! don't like that lots of them break up into dust and can't be used as treats .
these were prefect for the little kong toys and kept my two pups busy for a while trying to get them out
just love it around the dogs ears , face , etc . and not worry about clipping your pet . a must have for the novice .
it's a leash . it did very well until it was chewed through . not the leashes fault , it never stood a chance .
i was pumped about this product , hate traditional tick & flea treatments ! i'm so sad , both kitties turned up their nose .
i was looking for something my bunny would have a difficult time tossing around . this is cute and is heavy enough to discourage him from his games .
this bottle of lubrication came with my set that i bought and it is handy with the lid that does not allow it to spill over while working .
i wish they were in smaller pieces and i didn't have to break them up . but one of my cats loves it .
works great . protects the pill better than the rest so it doesn't dissolve too quickly . holds smaller pills well . highly recommend .
i use this religiously with every water change ! never had an issue and it seems to work pretty well . i recommend it .
wonderful answer to our problem . they are a secure fit and totally absorbent . i will continue to use as long as needed ..
very nice filter replacement cartridges for the drinkwell fountain . no complaints on my end , these work exactly as they should .
my cats go through these things like toilet paper , so what could be better than a canister . omg !
these are good quality collars with real leather and brass hardware . not cheap but good quality and should last a dog's lifetime .
even my friends started buying it after i raved on the difference it made with my spotbot - we all were buying it by the gallon !
besides the green stuff around it , the rest of the nylabone lasts for-ev-er . still keeps my dog occupied so it must be good
water balloons that don't really come off easily and seem uncomfortable for my little 3 pound dog . won't try again .
my dogs are very picky eaters and they were not pleased with this product . they would only eat it if nothing else was offered .
hi have an older dog who pees on beds - on purpose ! anyway , this cover makes clean up easy and keeps the beds clean .
i purchased this pump as a back up unit for using with my brine shrimp program . works well . perfect for any small tank .
the nylabone healthy edibles are a great product that puppy loves . the lamb and apple flavor is a real treat for her and she really enjoys them .
these are made of a tough canvas material ... so they are perfect for outside and dirty play ! our heeler loves them !
it's a good toy , the dog loves having the ball go so far , and we like it because we don't throw out our rotator cuffs !
fun little toy for small breed dogs . kong is a name i trust . my dogs love this type of toy and they love to squeak them !
both of my dogs had diarrhea every single time i gave them this dog food . no more newman junk for my dogs .
all cats ( especially our 3 ) love these treats . the value is great , and fast delivery as if those kitties lives depended on that .
my dog absolutely loves this toy . she has dozens of toys - i believe this is one of her favorites .
this my be good for some dogs but it lasted about a week with mine . after that i just kept tripping on it and it hurts .
i use this alone when i clean my planted fish tank and add water and it is perfect . easy to use and everyone stays alive .
cats love these treats , but they can be a bit pricey for what you get . these packages are a good value for what you get .
takes care of all of the issues one needs for their aquarium water , and it does so very fast ; you just have to get past the smell .
i have my petmate water fountain from two years ago until now and i always buy the filter replacement time to time.they work perfectly , i recommend this product .
fresh treats , my dog loves them and is always begging for more . they aren't too pricey and i loved how they come with a variety .
umm , yummy , is what my dog says every time she gets one of these . it's one of her favorite treats to eat .
this product smells great without being overwhelming . it soothes my dog's itchy winter skin and makes his coat feel amazing . he's never been softer or shinier !
has held up well over the last six months . my german shepherd loves this toy . i would buy another one when he finally kills this one off .
my mini poodle loves these as much as the dingo bones ... glad i tried these out sooner ! ... will be back for more .
however , they didn't cut off the point , so i had to do that myself with a saw . it seems a little strange to leave that on ...
have used these for my two dogs with " sensitive stomachs " - no problems since . quite remarkable , worth every penny . buy them .
our basset hounds enjoy playing with this toy . it helps keep them occupied during the day . i would recommend it .
i've given my black lab these treats before ; but , i was thrilled to find the pkg . of 48 available at considerable savings . he loves these !
this is a quality product , but my kitties don't understand the concept of getting in it and not on it .
my doodle loves water and needed some thing to encourage fetching in the water arrived quickly and my doodle picks it up and heads for the pool often
i have multiple dogs & foster dogs from shelters for adopting.they like merrick whole earth farms as an addition to my home cooking
this product works the best in out kitty's automatic water bowl , better than any other previous products ! ! will def order this again !
this spray is easy to use . glad it isn't messy or sticky . my dogs don't mind me spraying there teeth
seals well . the food keeps its vitamins and freshness . bags and boxes do not keep the pet food fresh . this is a necessity .
my three babies absolutely love these kong toys . they love the squiggles . i buy them for birthdays and christmas for them
i use these treats for rewards while training her and keep using them to encourage good behavior . she loves them
my dogs love this food and it is the primary canned food i feed my show dogs . their coats are shiny and the cost doesn't break the bank .
very pleased with the purchase of the seek a treat from amazon . price was great and the product is of good quality ..
very good martingale . seems comfortable on my dog and easier to control her . i have not had any trouble with it so far .
my 2 cats went nutty for this simple toy , though the wand could be longer , it keeps them entertained for a while .
these work great in our 55 gallon tank . best filter i've ever owned for my tank . easy , quiet and gets the job done fast !
this is the only water bowl my cats will drink out of so i love that i can get 3pks of filters without going to the store .
this toy has not stuffing and for my dog who can tear open any toy this one he can not and loves it
pros : works with feline pine pellets . cheap.cons : would be nice if it was just a little bigger .
peanut butter works well in the ends . big enough for an extra large dog . i am pretty satisfied with it .
it's very pretty and the xs size fits perfecton my 8lb dog but the entire garment is very , very stiff ! ! !
this was a better value than buying the individual tests that i had run out of . works as expected . and a must for water quality
great for bunnies who don't even have digestive issues . my bunnies think they are a treat , and i give them one every day !
strong chewers and this is very durable . dogs play chase and tug with it . fun for fetch as it bounces erratically . i would recommend
dogs love it and cant get enough of it and would definitely buy again for them , plus they dont stink
my dogs obsessed with this bone . great because it has a rigid surface , so your dog can really get in there .
this is the best way to lower & maintain your ph and of course with the benefit of having peat extract .
i have 3 cats that are nervous with each other and i have found this product to be very helpful !
our dogs consider this a morning treat as i brush their teeth . great way to keep their teeth healthy while furnishing extra love and cuddles
so expensive and or dog who will chew almost anything won't even look at it . lifetime guarantee though . oh well .
this is a very high quality product and my cats enjoy so much ! ! they scratch a little while then lounge ... love it
we all love to play with this toy ! it's so fun to rattle around the silverware . sunny , ash , sky and pat - playbird mansion .
this is the greatest water fountain ! my two cats and one small dog love it . it's easy to clean and is very attractive .
just what we needed while our working dog was in training and now much better than the official one we keep in our wallet .
these are one kind of treat ( not a mix as some are ) . cats like them as much as any of their other treats .
when fishes are being treated for parasites or diseases , their best chance of survival is if they continually eat . this does attrack them to fish food .
great little thermometer , worked right away , can't beat the price . easy to read digital numbers , i like the suction cups on each end .
my dogs just love this silly toy ... the squirrels don't stay in very long ... gotta pull each one out every time ! !
the box says small dogs . my dogs can't even get one into their mouth . i have yorkies and this just isn't for small dogs
highly recommended . my new puppy loves this toy and hasn't destroyed it yet ! it is very squeaky though so be prepared for some noise .
this substrate is such as good as advertising . i will buy it again for the next planted tank . 1 bag is enough for a 10 gallon tank .
love the size and the value . they are packaged so that they stay fresh and our puppy loves them so far .
this looks just wonderful on our little guy ! it is also very cozy and easy for him to walk in . well worth the money .
i have a 11 week old airedale and this keeps him busy for a good 1/2 hr ! it is a great price and great quality .
my one cat loves this toy . he plays with it a lot and actually sleeps on it often . great buy !
the shampoo does a great job and it's quick . it's especially nice in the cold weather , when a wet dog can get ill quickly .
this may work for long haired cats but it's wasted on a short hair . a flea comb works just as well , if not , better .
when my puppies used them they are so flimsy they would fold over and then get urine on the floor . i won't use these again .
my puppy dog loves it ! no problem brushing . she has sparkling teeth and great looking gums ! what a nice product
glad to find something that helps my dog bad breath . first thing i found that works . just give it a try and see .
dog loves it . price is spot on for what you spend in the store , and the list of ingredients doesnt use a ton of grain filler .
puppy not too interested and the bone ended up under the couch and forgotten . i would not recommend this product .
nice long sprays , they appear very fresh . my birds love them and i use it to stimulate appetite and encourage foraging activity .
this toy is huge and heavy ... even the small version.my chihuahua is just a little guy and this is waaaay too big for him .
these treats are great for training and my dog loves them . they're very small so you don't have to feel he's eating too many calories .
this media does a great job at filtering the water , and does leave a slight blue tint to it that makes the tank highly attractive to the eyes !
this is adorable . has a squeaker . is perfect for a small dog ! he loves to throw it and chew it .
some of the few toys his aggressive chewing will not destroy . i got another one he will get for christmas . surprise !
cheaper made than other brands i've used . i'll buy a harder , less flexible unit nest time . this works but isn't as sturdy as id like .
we have a german shepherd who sheds like it's her job . i don't know what we'd do without the furminator !
my dog goldie loves this to nibble on . she likes her stuffed toys .
the breeder wanted her puppies on this food.the puppy loves it . being able to get it right at my house from amazon was also nice
sent it back it was to small what your bowl size ... if you buy this
it seems to be working for max . the key with him is find some flavor he likes . so far so good .
i am very happy i made this purchase ! it is high quality and both of my adult-size cats fit in it together .
my fish are very happy with it . they tell me to buy more . i tell them to stop talking its unnatural . oh the thermometer works too !
all three of our dogs really like these and we benefit in that it freshens their breath . they come running for them .
my 55lb geratric dog is learning to use them and because they are sturdy he doesn't mind stepping on all three stairs to get on the bed .
these jerky treats smell good & my dogs like them . but , the price is ridiculous for such a tiny bag .
vibrant color but have not washed them yet so will have to wait and see on that note but very nicely made
all natural treat . my cat definitely likes these . wish they were a little cheaper , but i believe in not filling my cat full of chemicals .
i don't use them often , but when i do my dogs are very , very happy . it's a good price too !
these filters are easy to clean and replace . don't know what else to say about filters , number of word rule is annoying .
this item is a little tight on my dog , but it will be ok . i'm hoping it doesn't shrink when washed .
serves it purpose . the bowls do not move around.it is for my puppy . he will eventually get a bigger bowl and will work fine
no review . it is what it is . i dont know what you want to hear ? i didn't like the looks of this product !
ball is durable and suitable for my large & medium dogs which have powerful jaws . thanks for asking . the product has a long history for dog trainers .
i canceled this order and was credited my card.thank you . wanted to try the new collars from bayer instead of the drops
i purchased the largest size for my blue heeler puppy and he took to it right away . it was easy to assemble and appears to be quite durable .
i haven't had this product long enough to know if the habit has been broken . i have hopes that i will know soon though .
the fittings are not standard for python or aqueon pumps.so it sits in a bin unused till i get adapters .
i have a pit bull and he chewed this in one hour ! bit the end off ... he luvs to chase it but seriously one hour ?
very tough to rip apart ... so far , the toy is still all together which is a record , miracle with my dog ...
great mini water tower for our cat . when we are out long hours at work this provides clean fresh water whenever she needs it .
while being small enough for her to cart around she also loves its squeeker . i also love the replacement squeeker that it comes with .
my little boy has kinda turned up his nose at this flat mouse ... i think it's flat in more ways than one . :)
nice dog bed for my tiny min pin . it is her favorite and doesn't have any of that fleece material that she loves to chew on .
i had been wanting to get one of these for my cat . it is really nice and fun for both my cat and mr .
i used these for a very short time until my little girl was properly trained . they served a special need quite well and were a blessing to have .
5 bags of 40 ... much cheaper than buying the 40ct bags separately ... exactly the same product ... but individually bagged . thank you !
both my precious cats - age 8 months - had no interest in this whatsoever . it is well made and the magnetic is awesome .
keeps fleas and ticks totally off our dogs despite the fact that we're out in the fields and woods a lot . i trust frontline plus !
works great & comfortable for my two kitties . now my oldest needs a small dog size harnes since she has outgrown their largest size for cats .
i have had two or three of these because they burn out so fast . they also use batteries really fast .
milk-bone has been around forever . bottom line is , my doggie loves treats , and these are some of her faves . she gets one a day ! :)
my boxer stays very entertained . he loves balls it's like he plays soccer . they are very durable . still on first ball .
the litter mat collects the cat litter on their paws . now i don't have to sweep the floor 3 - 4 times a day .
it works great ! we use it regularly . our dogs breath no longer threatens to knock us out.highly recommend this .
keep my cat so entertained ? he does the one paw , then two paw chase ... loves it ! thanks .
poodle loves this stuff ! it is wonderfully delicious . at least our little guy thinks so . only our guys favorite food .
takes care of the tics and fleas , good way to protect you dogs or cats , to easy to get thru the mail
didn't work for me . i have a pitt bull and she can take it off when she wants . z z
works just fine but no longer in use . it crapped out after about six months .
i am not sure what it is about this block but my budgies won't touch it . i just hangs there looking very new . has been for weeks .
my golden retriever loves ball , not just any ball , but this chuck it ball . so is my mini aussie , who can't resist .
i like the fact the bowl doesn't scoot around the kitchen floor when the dogs use it . the rubber on the bottom is a terrific idea !
i wanted something special for a dog gift but also useful and i found this .. great ! ! !
my dog ignored it . had to throw it away . what else can i say about something that my dogs don't like ?
i've tried different pre and probiotic powders and this one works the best . i have two cats taking it now and it works well with both cats !
pros : easy to makefairly inexpensivedogs love it ( must taste good ) cons : not a whole lot of frosting ( not like the picture )
love the fountain , and thanks for offering the filters in a larger size pack . helps with 2 thirsty kitties around .
my dog which is a great dane had this disassembled with in 30 minutes but he had a great time doing it .
cat don't have to much to do with it smells funny but you . can fix that bu washing it . cat do chew on them
though these nylabones are smaller than i thought they'd be , my stratfordshire terrier loves them . for their size , they've lasted through hours of considerably concentrated chewing .
my papillon loves these chews . good price on amazon . i do worry about the chemicals in the chews .
it fits in my kittens ' mouths so i can brush their cute little teeth . i helps them smile better too .
this leash holds up . i have a very strong labrabull and she has yet to put a dent in this leash . i'm very happy with it .
my little dog loves his heated house . he stays on the porch and guards the house all while staying warm . great product
the perfect brand of cat food delivered straight to your door . however , my cat requires pate type food , so i had to order a different brand
keeps dogs happy and visible while traveling short or long distances . easy to remove as needed for full use of back area
this is a quality product , i use it for my dogs and they can't tip their food bowls great product
this is my favorite collar for my dog - very reflective , making me feel much safer outside , and looks extra handsome against his shiny black coat !
this works well , it hasn't cooked mr fish yet and keeps at the right temp . just a little hard to put in my small tank .
i have other kong products . all of there products have been good . i have yet to have a complaint about any .
we have a yorkie and we use these for her . she's gotten good using them and we can't be any happier .
this is a huge , roomy pan that is so good because of theflap in front . that helps keep the smell inside and the catslike the privacy .
i liked it cute my little boy would so enjoy theses very tough to so it's very much worth every penny
this helps my dogs fur stay soft and conditioned . healthier then bathing all the time . all dogs who have possibility of skin or fur problems should have this
our german shepherd loves this little treat toy . it's a great teeth cleaner too since he must gnaw at it to get the treats to release .
they really like the raised beds , i have 4 large dogs and i usually put a blanket over this - it is always occupied by one of them .
my dogs know when they get these treats and they are their favorites ... dogswell products seem to be safe , good stuff , and the dogs love them
i bought this for my 4 month old puppy . he loved it but the squeaker only lasted 4 days , and he lost interest . :(
i ordered this right after adopting our dog . i love it , it looks great on him and looks as good today as the day i received it .
this crate is great . i have a 15lb dachshund . if i wanted to feed him in his crate , then i would need the larger size .
the sure way to get the boys running when we want them . they won't settle down and sleep until they have 1 or 2 as nighttime treats
must work good my 55 gallon is crystal clear and my brother that as had numerous tanks says it looks great .
this may be great for bigger dogs , but my yorkie just mouthed the treat until the tablet fell out . then she still didn't eat the treat !
my puppies enjoyed this so much i have to more boxes in my cart right now and plan on shopping for more very soon thanks
one of my cats eats it just fine and has no ills from it . the other cat has a sensitive stomach , and this makes him throw up .
these are the best invention in the world and they truly work for animals that like to taunt the boundaries
i chose this product because of the great reviews and i am glad i did . clumps great and no poor smells !
these are one of my dogs favorite treats . we love the resealing bag to keep them fresh longer . good buy !
we have four doxies and they all love these . will buy again and would recommend .
my cats all like this . it seems better quality than the regular friskies food . my local walmart only sells by the can .
i wish they were cheaper but i can't have the litter genie without them . so far litter disposal has been made easier
i think the harness is very well made , but the size did not fit my 100 pound great pyrenees dog .
it does a great job in reducing tartar and keeping my dogs gums healthy and gives him a fresh breath
it's great that the dog loves it but mom & dad aren't as thrilled with the sound . it can be annoying but all squeaky toys can be .
helps us keep our house smelling clean and not like cat poop and pee haha and makes cleaning fast and easy again
first time that i've tried this product . works great . easy to install and easy to clean . i highly recommend this product .
works great for our goldendoodle ... keeps his hair so soft and tangle free and the only thing he doesn't mind us using .
fleece side keeps my little ferret warm in winter , reversible to keep her cool in summer . big enough for two ferrets .
i use it in my car and the dog can enter either from the back or the site . its great and exactly what i was looking for
excellent collar for my energetic golden retriever . the collar stays on her no matter how she tries to break away .
in less than 5 minutes , my hound mix had this toy annihilated . i would not recommend it for aggressive chewers ..
i bought this about a month ago , and the nylon part is already starting to tear . i re-wrapped the velcro and hope that extends it's life .
this works just fine with our andis groomer and was easy for my husband to detach the other blade to attach this one .
my indoor cat shares with 2 outside cats and they all love it and need 2 servings a day or more if the possums come by .
the uniformity is much better in extra large size . this side does not work well for my two collies . good snack as little chewing is required .
our dogs love this bed , it is over stuffed and super soft , we also bought the large pillow cushion that matches , the love them .
i bought this for my miniature dachshund , and he hasn't let it out of his sight ! he falls asleep chewing it at night . great toy !
... but they prefer something else . i have no problems with the business transaction for this product , but i let the cats vote on flavor .
have bought several for my kitty rescue ranch and this will entertain them for as long as i can hold out .
helps my cat get around better , now she is back to annoying me :)
my dog was obsessed with this ball . it isn't that long lasting , but it's a good time while it holds up .
i thought it would be a little stronger my 6 mo old gsd chewed both ends right off ignoring the treat inside
sticks on the glass and does what it's supposed to do---reads the temperature ! what else is there to say about it ?
my boy loves this kibble . he does not however like the pate texture of the wellness kitten food in the can .
it has really cut back the pulling that my manchester terrier does . i think it's more comfortable for him then a collar .
this chew toy is perfect for our dog . he's a pretty intense chewer and he loves to carry this toy around with him .
cute bowls , but not very heavy . my puppy can't turn them over but she can scoot them around and spill all the water !
this quickly became a favorite of 8 week old puppy so now we have two and she loves them ! highly recommend .
dog loves it .. too much for little one ! what a gem on camera ! let me know if you want a clip of the news flick !
love this leash allows my teddybear puppy to roam about on his own while walking him . the quality is excellent . he weighs 17 pounds .
i don't use it much , but when i did - the dog did not bite the area i sprayed this with .
it's quite sturdy for a heavy chewer yet soft enough so there's no loud bang when it hits the floor . one of our better purchases .
the wire looked kind of dangerous . my cat really enjoyed he other cat dancer toy we got . it kept her entertained .
excellent food for little furbabies that have tummy issues , ships fast . normally takes 3-5 days . but still a great price and quality .
all 7 of my fur kids love this and it's good for them . what's not to like . i'll be buying in bulk from now on !
my dog loves this toy . he's a very strong chewer and he still hasn't ripped any of this toy apart .
nice to find a sturdy pet food storage container that isn't huge . this holds the right amount that i need it to and will be durable .
it must be the peanut butter ! they love these . i use them in the stuff-a-ball , small , as a special treat
this is one of several treats my cat likes . so i keep a bag handy for when i need a treat for him ,
my 2 dogs love this item . it keeps them busy . my on wish is that i could have gotten the blue one .
the filter can work as a stand alone with an air pump , attached to a canister filter or powerd by a powerhead.very versatile & easy to clean .
i love kong toys because they really last and my little doxie loves chasing this ball .
this is just basic aquarium tubing for an air pump . it works fine and at a reasonable price . would recommend .
nice people to deal with , and the id tag is very well made , which makes it easy to get around with my dog .
unfortunately , i can't speak about any supposed benefits to drinking water with this added to it . my lab ( who usually eats anything ) won't drink it .
cute toy but our bulldog crushed the squeakers up on the inside quickly without even tearing the outside . now , he's no longer interested in it .
i won't use paraben products on myself ! my two doggies are my family i will not use them on my pets either !
love it ! this is a great product . we have other precision products and they are all well made .
have had this now 2 years and the great dane has not destroyed it like she has everything prior to this . would highly recommend for aggressive chewer
i suppose it is ok for some dogs , but my little dog and the neighbor's shepherd just wouldn't touch it guess it will be donated to the shelter .
3 golden retrievers and 1 cat . the only only limitation was w / the color selection ... white definitely wouldn't have been my 1st choice .
my dog will eat these but they are kind of difficult for his little teeth . he is still excited by the smell and equates them with greenies .
i gave them 3 stars because i know other dogs may love these , but my dogs wont eat them . oh well .
my yorkie used to suffer with the worst bad breath , but no longer since he gets one of these every day as a treat . he loves them !
this is nice set of bowls . my cat is pretty messy when he eats so the edges prevent food from spilling .
i like this product alot so far ( 1 month ) . it seals tightly , is easily stack-able , and looks great in the house .
if you are looking for a great gift to give for a baby shower this is it . items were cute and well made and at a fantastic price .
it might sound strange but it really seems like she's ( my poochie ) shown a calmer demeanor . worth a try ! we order more cartridges .
have tried other dust brands - some are too powdery or too sandy . this brand is my favorite and the chins love it .
works very good not much to say but they last longer than some filters i have used . good product would recommend to any one with fish tanks .
bag holds the purigen well but doesn't fold or fit into anything but a canister filter . it's very rigid .
this light has made vallisneria and ludwigia repens grow quickly . the par readings can be found on the manufacturer's website .
our cats just loved the dynamite catnip , would recommend you get this product for you specail fur kids . never loses its scent .
it is every thing i thought it would be very happy with it nice thick leather and very strong i was very impressed
my dog did not like these at all , gave them to my son for his dog and he loves them .
my cats absolutely love these treats . all natural and healthy , these little bites are the perfect size treat for my fur babies .
great for a healthy quick treat for our two dogs . they don't last long but that is what rawhides are for .
these bowls are awesome ! i love the look and different colors and the fact they are slip resistant . excellent bowls !
my dog really likes these . they don't seem to upset his stomach and are nice and crunchy . they arrived quickly , and are a good price .
all is said in the title . this is the best product i have found for 2 cats and a dog !
my labs ate through these in seconds ... i really thought they would last longer than they did .
does the trick . but in the end , you're using it to scoop up cat feces , so it feels weird to give it five stars .
our kitties love the ducky and the catnip stays inside the velcrow back very nicely . super cute to watch them throw it in the air and catch it
the bag of food lasted the month . my dogs liked it . it came to my house in a timely manner .
these are very nice bags . i like the handles because as in the photo , you can easily tie it up .
i'm getting more of these mats ! they seem very thin but they keep the floor dry from 3 large sloppy drinking dogs !
this was absolutely a great price for this calcium supplement for my red foot . this will last a long time .
i didn't realize that the ball squeaked ! i just thought i was getting toys for the doberman ! the chihuahua likes them too !
during spring and summer seasons , i must apply merial frontline plus to my dog once a month . dogs need it .
our dog plays with this toy regularly , and has not shreaded it . ( yet ) the squeaker is even still working . yay ! ! !
and it came in earlier than they stated . great quality and it is perfect for walking at night . great purchase !
prefer it to tetra . the color of the fish is really improved - quite a transformation from when they came home from the store .
kills fleas when nothing else will . used in combination with topical stuff to kick a nasty infestation . thanks for the economical solution !
our cat prefers the hand held da bird toy . he will play with it but is not as entertained as with the hand held one .
my dog doesn't really like it so she ignores the kong toy . will keep trying though , maybe she will get used to it .
this is a great product and would recommend to others that store crickets in bulk . i have used for 6 years and will continue to buy again .
my dog looked so cute in this rain coat . he's not crazy about it , but that's ok . great price . quality is fine .
yeah my cat eats this and for that i give it 5 stars . i have such a picky cat with terrible hair balls i hope this works
allergic dog loves these so we buy them a couple times a year.nice to have them delivered to my door .
my cats love this toy , sound like a real birdthey play every day thanks come with 2 moreextra replacement , come on time
this products did exactly what it was designed to do . gave it to the puppies and out came the worms . i have no issue is this product .
i thought my cat would love this toy because of the feather and the jangly sound , but he has ignored it since day 1 .
my cats love playing with this toy so i also bought 4 extra birds ! when we have playtime they jump high in the air to get da bird !
these are my pugs favorite treats and i like that they're small enough that i can treat them several times a day without them getting fat .
this is a really great product . it comes in many sizes , so choose your size carefully . this size is pretty workable for my yorkies .
i purchased this toy for my greyhound who loves squeaky toys . she plays with it constantly and after several months the squeaker is still going strong .
my sadie loves this , she wore this for bikefest in our area and she was the talk of the day .
have the green and purple ones . cats love the green one ! the purple one not as much . cats . go figure .
good product . use it daily as it tells me when a water change is needed . have used it for years .
best hard wood floor cleaner for puppy mistakes . doesn't damage finish and smells clean and disinfects . i use as my regular hard wood floor cleaner ...
no more holding gross poo bags while condensation collects on them in the cool mornings ... very easy to put on and works perfect !
easy to assembly , keeps most of the stray litter inside , looks waaay better than an open litter box . very sturdy .
love that it is grain free and both my dogs will eat it .. wish it had a reclosable bag though - would be much easier to store
we have a chow chow , a rat terrier and a chihuahua and they all love newman's own organic chicken , as well as the beef formula .
my cat is addicted to these treats . there is no life for him without chicken flavour whiskas temptations . it is his go to flavour .
these bags are not easy to work with , especially if you are in a hurry . they are really hard to open .
dog loved it , but she was able to tear it apart very quickly . she had fun with it while it lasted , though .
got as a gift for my brothers cat , i guess he liked it , didnt get to see him on the catnip but i guess it was funny
i love the little clickers , even gave one to a neighbor to try , my new puppy is responding like i hoped he would . thank you .
nothing much to say , the dog really likes them . i didn't taste them but they don't smell like peanut butter .
will probably keep buying these over and over again . they work perfect for our 80lb golden retriever . we no longer worry about clips .
i have a 1500 gallon koi fish pond and my koi love these krill . they can't eat them up fast enough !
my dog enjoyed this ball at first , but the plastic inside caves in if your dog is a strong chewer .
i love them when i receive them they were a little too big but i just did them myself love this item
my dog loves this toy ! she plays with it all the time . good product andmade very well . i would buy again .
great toy ! this is the only toy that the dogs have not managed to get the squeakers out of .. would recommend this to everyone ..
i do * highly * recommend changing filters monthly though ... and i learned that the hard way after being a bit lazy ! :)
you get quite a few bags ( obviously , as in the descrip ) . the cats love them and these are really a great price .
thoroughly cleaned the litter box and put in clump and seal . the very next day the smell was overwhelming . .
well made product that seems difficult to find with this print . i do wish that the print was on both sides of leash though .
i have two dogs , one rescue dog and one brittney spaniel . both dogs enjoy them and share them . price was good and came in 2 days
like it a lot ! my dog doesn't like to be brushed at all , so it makes the job a little easier .
sometimes for the more aggressive chewer you need a really tough bone and this is it . like the different sizes and flavors .
the crickets don't seem to starve , but i don't have them around long enough for them to starve either . it seems like a gel of water .
i am so glad they made these replacement critters . the stick toy that these go to is the best investment i have ever made in a dog toy !
spent many of dollars and trips to the vet for allergy on my dog ... weekly bathing and keeping the ears cleaned out .
excellent quality . our lab is not a strong chewer , but two visiting labs did not make a mark on it . yay !
my doggy favorite . when i need to get him entertained these are the best when you need to keep him busy .
have a 15 yr old who will not take her meds at all suddenly . she has taken them with these so far .
my legs were being eaten alive before i realized the cats had fleas . this stuff worked in two days , noticeably reduced fleas and scratching
having a small terrier who has very thin hair i have found these hoodies to be especially helpful in keeping her warm . and its pink !
did not work for me . i'm very disappointed with this . i have small dogs .
we've been using it for 10 + years and out labs have been happy and healthy . recommend it highly to any dog owner .
excellent pads , have a planted tank with no carbon and these pads catch every particle of waste there is and helps keep my tank crystal clear , great pads
interesting shapegood for throw and retreivedogs cannot destroy it ( fantastic ) i love it the dogs not so much - will play with but prefer other toys
these are great all the cats love them . i find them everywhere , but the bright colors really makes them easy to spot when getting ready to caccume
squeeze just a bit inside as it tends to get a bit runny and can get messy . otherwise , the dog likes it .
great solution to the problem . they are a secure fit and totally absorbent . we will use as long as needed .
strongly recommended if you have a three stage biological filter . this is the first stage . recommend replacing one stage every month .
my great dane eat the legs of this toy in a better of minutes . she loves carrying the body around but chunks are coming off that as well .
i love theses healthy treats for my dogs , my dogs don't like this flavor but they love the other flavors
love this plant and so happy that i had ordered two . looks very real under lights and moves with current of water . would buy again if needed .
the cats love chasing these springs around the house ! too funny on the vinyl floor in the kitchen . love them !
this stuff is great but does not clump like i would like for it to . overall this is a great product .
this leash is as advertised.nice length and the reflective value is a nice touch for late evening walks.heavy duty prevents any mishaps with this product .
perfect size for a dog dish . these are very sturdy and never have tipped over or anything . would buy again .
this thermo looks good and works good . i would buy more of these for other aquariums if i needed to !
same product that is in petstores , but for half the price . these can be used in any fluval canister filter .
this pet crate is the perfect size and well constructed , easy to assemble thank you for your great product branston will love it
love ! ! love ! ! love this bowl . small enough , keeps food contained . really a nice product to use for my cat's meals .
i would love this bowl in ceramic or stainless steel . the plastic is too soft and my puppy chews it tring to get her food .
excellent quality , always consistent , puppies love it , does wonders for pups skin and coats and they love it ! great food
love merrick . my dogs love it and i really like the fact that merrick makes a special effort to exclude ingredients from china .
delivers accurate readings and i trust this kit with my tanks . i recommend this highly to experienced and inexperienced aquarists ! 
easy to use . love the tearless formula . can be used to wash the dog's face.easy to rinse off . smell good .
this works great , especially during the winter months when a dog's skin gets dried out . helps with itchiness . must use the conditioner and spray on conditioner .
the best pads i have found ! most absorbent . come in a smaller size for my small dogs . nothing ever leaks thru . super highly recommend these !
the shears work fine , the right size for my yorkie . i only use them to trim the dog after trimming with the clippers .
great product . i purchased one years ago for a larger dog and have been a very satisfied customer . love how reasonably priced it is .
my dog seems to have so much more energy and is more playful than she was when i got her , to foster , 3 years ago .
they attack it , then they cuddle it . at the end of the day , they love this thing . would definitely recommend !
i use this powder when i clip my dog's nails in case i accidentally cut the quick and she bleeds a little , helps stop the bleeding right away
great price ! probably 40 % less than my local pet store . exactly what we needed for our growing dog . simple , to the point .
my 3 yr old poodle mix still loves to chew this toy keeps him occupied for 1/2 hr at a time which is great for him and me !
i got results in 24 hours ! i would highly recommend this product . i'm completing the ten day treatment as instructed.so glad i found this product !
very effective to prevent cats from clawing furniture . stay on well and easy to apply . don't seem to bother my cats either . love .
my poopy loves these & can polish 1 off in 20 minutes ! ! i figure it's better for him to eat this instead of anything else ! ! !
my dogs love these . they are small dogs and these are small and not hard ! even my elderly dog can crunch them .
liked the first one so much couldn't pass up great price on this one . half what i paid for first .
these may be the best way to keep dogs who like to chew occupied . you can refill them again and again with peanut butter before they wear down .
my german shepherd loves it . it doesn't fall apart as many other nylabones have done . it was a great buy .
my little dog loves it he loves all the noise it makes . he uses it daily and plays with it over & over !
love this toy ! lasts forever and parts cant be chewed off to swallow ! ! great for puppies and large aggressive chewers !
my 2 girls love their goodies and i always try to buy them treats that are not made in china .
this works well without damaging the surface of our hardwood and laminate flooring . has a nice subtle scent to it .
my cats seem to enjoy using it i consider it a large box and last for the month which i think is great
i put most of this bottle in a canister filter and the cloudy water was crystal clear in two days .
great product and it seems like it holds up very well . the product looks the same as on the web
works great for most of the time but cheap plastic breaks easy . i went thru 2 so far .
our dogs love their daily greenie ! one is very picky but really loves these so wouldn't think of switching to anything else .
love this food , and so do my cats . every flavor is super fresh and doesn't have all of the crap ingredients most foods do .
it took my dog 5 min to tear the top off and an hour to tear the rest of it up .
this is the best litter scoop ever ! ! it works great for scoopable litter ! great price and very strong metal ! works great !
the petsafe 6 - volt lithium battery lasts a long time . to be safe i always keep 2 extra batteries on hand .
bought for the cat but the dog took over ... he liked it better than the cat did
i tried to persuade the cat to try this product but the cat only ate the liquid part of the product and rejected all the solids .
its a bag for media . its as good as any other bag for your media . its kind of hard to mess it up
this product is perfect for small dogs . its easy to clean and fill up with food and water . i highly recommend it .
they saved my air pump countless of times . i think three in the first month . a must for all air pumps .
the filter attachment makes it so that very little water goes in to the nice , deep bowl .
this is a great toy for an extreme chewer ! make sure you don't skimp on the size though , it's important that it's not too small for them .
some of the hay falls out under the wheel , but otherwise it stays pretty contained . my guinea pigs seem to like it .
fantastic add on leash especially for when we need grab our lab quick or in areas you need to have a leash around but don't want to carry it .
these lights work well , cheaper here then at the pet store , overall happy and will get again . came safe and sound , no broken lights .
i really like it.it makes the doggy order go away and leaves fido smelling great . going to try the shampoo , that's got to be a winning combo .
pup is scared of it , it is really loud , and very sensative .
i was a bit disappointed , the bully sticks were not a thick has i had hoped , my bull dog ate through them in no time .
since i can't communicate other than how the cat reacts , i can tell you that my kitty isn't impressed . she prefers other brands that are usually organic .
my little guy just loves these tasty little treats and so far , all of the zuke's treats are his favorite ! !
the erratic bouncing helps give the dogs a work out.just need to be careful when tossing this inside the house .
this has worked as described . we have some stubborn smells here ... but certainly for what i needed this did work . i would purchase it again .
my mice love to go to the top and just sleep in the lookout tower . it is a nice addition to have .
they are filters , they work well , no issues or complaints . they go in my girlfriends fish tank filter system and they work well .
didn't hold up well at all . but a great ball while it lasts .
i purchased 12 contech stayaway's . 3 do not stop beeping and keep spraying . 1 does not spray.you cannot return these . don't buy from amazon ! ! !
i use this on my pug's nose roll when i feel it needs a little extra cleaning . it is marked for " local skin cleansing and disinfecting " .
now the only time my dog pee in the house is when i forget to put on his belly band .
my dog loves chasing around the laser , and my husband and i laugh like crazy people ! so much fun ! great price and delivered as advertised .
this is a must have for the drinkwell 360 . it keeps spills contained and makes everything easy to clean up .
its like beggin for cats . he will eat as many as i give him . he will sit down , or even high five for these treats .
seems to be much better quality than my previous crate pan which my dog broke pretty quickly . this one seems to be holding up .
this is pretty deep bucket . and is loose even with the hook so i used a keychain clip and now it's secure .
my dog likes these treats , but they are alittle more expensive then at a certain pet website online . no problem with the product though .
what can i say but that these are a perfect fit to my sherpa bags for my cats ... they love laying on top of this soft fuzzy pad ...
and what dog doesn't ? this thing came apart in seconds . it didn't take much to toss this in the trash . big disappointment .
these jerky treats are great low cal and small and can be broken in pieces which i love . have purchased and will continue too
great stuff really really good absorption and it doesn't really have any dust at all . also comes fast and a lot for the price .
provides a unique bounce when thrown and attracts a lot of dogs at the dog park , but no tug of wars so far .
it is quiet and works great . this is the second one that i've bought and i'm very happy with them .
can't really tell if this product works or not . the cats don't let me know if they feel better by taking it . :-)
the size of the bag was pretty small , so pay attention to the oz size . the dogs did love it
5 of my 6 cats will have nothing to do with it . the eldest tears it apart to get to ball then thats it ...
both my cat and dog loves this toy . they chase it all around the living room and it works very well .
would have gave a five star cause it is nicely built but it did not have the top part that you connect the chain to
i was looking for a gentle or tender slicker brush . this item is mislabeled . it is a standard harsh slicker brush . very unhappy .
we use these to give our cat thyroid medication twice a day , and she gobbles these right up - never a problem !
she chewed it up in 5-10 mintues . it is way over priced for how quick she detroyed it and ate it .
a big improvement over the plastic scoop we were using . this does the job easily . a great product . highly recommended .
i was so excited to get those . my dog does not like those snacks . i don't know why . i wont be buying this again
these pads seem to work just right , heavy enough and not cheap . highly recommended to soak up the pee pee .
but my dog does not . for whatever reason , she does not play with or chew it . bummer . oh well , cant win them all .
even my veterinarian says that my dog has better breath than any dog she has seen . he likes the taste and i enjoy his nice breath .
order extra refills as you can put two lockers in this ball . dog loves it and cannot decide which side to lick first .
sorry this mouse battery was dead when we tried to use it after the holidays . now just another inanimate toy the cats ignore .
i buy these all the time . they are a nice size for a small dog . three dog bakery treats have all good ingredients that a dog likes .
our dogs prefer the tennis-size balls , but that's just our dogs . at least they haven't destroyed it , like they have most of their toys .
this is a heavy duty , very well made collar . the safety snap feature and thru - ring design are very well designed .
i'm very pleased with these nail cutters , well made to last years , just the right size for my hand and small size nails
my dog wouldn't touch it . my previous dog loved them , so i don't know why . perhaps it's just a preference .
my dog is a picky eater , won't eat most treats , but he loved these ... bischon frise
my dog loves this toy.the head makes a rattling noise , and where ever she bites it , it squeaks . this is a great toy.my dog loves it .
my cat really love playing with his kong cat wubba mouse . he loves soft flush toy . it's already showing signs of wear and tear from play .
i had been searching for a resonable cat tower and this beat out all others . was easy to install and would recommend it to anyone .
so cute i kept it for me lol . the cats seemed uninterested so it worked out for me i thought .
great heat lamp for your reptiles , clamp is strong and works great . not really that much more to say than that .
the metal clip is pretty big in comparison to the width of the leash , but overall i like this as a training lead and use it often .
it isn't the thickest pad , but it is durable and has held up to multiple washes and accidents along the way .
the bag is large enough that it lasts a while . mix it with hay and fresh greens and you will have one happy bunny .
cat enjoys the taste , so pilling her isnt so bad , would buy again , happy cat , happy mommy ! hope u love it too
these work very well . they work without much pressure and do not compress the nail . i can get the job done quickly .
hive 2 dogs . they ply with their balls for hours . sometimes they curl up with them while taking a nap .
my cats smelled it and then looked at me like i was crazy for buying it . i have 5 cats and not one would touch it .
my boy cat loved it dearly and tore it to pieces . i'll be buying him another one . everything i could've asked for to keep him entertained .
this is the only flea control that seems to work for my cat . expensive , but the cheaper ones don't do the trick .
our shih tzu dog loves these treats . they are very hard to find . highly recommend them for your puppies too !
good product kept all things ' in balance ' when puppies were wormed , event sent some home with puppies to their new homes .
nice cat bed . seems well made . for the price was not expecting a whole lot but it seems to be well worth the money .
this dog toy survives a lot of chewing ! i love how long it lasts .
item is perfect . love the colors . they are on the thinner side , but they work perfect and are priced great .
i have one dog who loves squeaky things and another who loves rope so this was the perfect toy for them !
this bone takes foreverrrrr for dogs to destroy making it the perfect toy , hahaha . if you just need your dog to self entertain .
arrived on time does the trick i don't know what to say about a crate tray lol it's what i needed , quality is good
love this , wasnt sure about it at first but it masks smell and is pleasant all the time . cats dont seem to notice the difference
these biscuits are the only treats my dogs will eat consistently . an old standby , i keep them around all the time .
good quality ! perfect size . color is tan and black--i thought , from the picture , that it was pink and black . would recommend .
this is a trusted dog food i've used for years and it seems to keep my dog feeling and looking good .
my one boy who loves to chew loves these . i keep several laying around . one in his crate keeps him from destroying his bed .
cheaper than spot on products and is easy to mix into food as it has a flavor cats like . seems to be working
really looked forward to this item , but never received it . it looks really cute though , and will purchase one again later when my puppy has grown more
i recommend little city products . i don't use this particular product on a regular basis but , so far , it's fine ,
i have 9 large breed 5 week old puppies and this is huge even for them but i'm keeping it because eventually it will be just right .
just what i wanted . big enough for the hedgehog to run on and quiet enough not to keep me up !
loves them ... definitely makes taking vitamin . looks forward to take vitamins every morning almost as much as she does her doggie treats
i've only used it once since i bought it . i didn't like it neither did my dog the scent is just too strong . i have it away .
my terrier mauls all of his toys and then eats the pieces . he chews and plays with it all the time and its still in one piece .
it's cheaper than costco , my vet , and other places online . for the exact same product ( i hope ) , only differentiation is price .
i have two boxers and a golden all who chew and have big teeth . they destroy so many toys , not this !
this puts out just enough flow to keep my guppies happy in their 3 gallon home . the sound is soft and relaxing as well !
l . g . isn't interested i will give it away . like all cat toys it is only good if the cat likes it !
we got this , the matching collar and the h harness , and all the products are very well made , looks great and fit perfect !
25 year old conure ( small parrot ) loves this product . i give her this food along with some pellets she eats .
puppy loves and cant chew it up ! can throw it , it floats , and can use as a pull toy . very satisfied
very cute but they scratch to easily ... scratches all over after first use but my pom looked adorable so i would buy more .
too expensive , should have gotten this at the dollar tree .. puppies were not interested in this at all .. don't waste your money
nice toy ; my cat began playing with it almost immediately and now sleeps with it in his front legs . it comes with a small container of catnip .
they loved it so much that it was destroyed within 15 minutes . i just wish it would hold up better
my 9month old pup loves this toy ! thank you west paw for creating non-toxic pet toys ! awesome product warranty too ! !
pups are enjoying having this added to their meal routine . a nice addition even for our eldest pup who has renal failure .
my dog likes this toy because it squeaks and we can play tug of war with it . it's tough and my dog has yet to tear it apart .
very sturdy and much better at keeping my dog's fur from getting matted . it combs much deeper than the wire brush i had been using .
great toy for the water.it is especially easy to grab in the water with thehole in the middle.they seem to shred along the hole . a weaknessin the design ,
i hear this is a great product but i actually returned it when i decided to pull up my carpet and put tile down .
i have 4 cats and am a volunteer at the cat shelter - all the cats love this ! ! i have just reordered several more
after cleaning my fish bowls , i add just a drop to the clean water . it seems to keep my bettas happy and healthy .
i haven't personally tried the bed , but the dog seems to love it . it fits perfectly in the crate i ordered for the car .
these are just large enough my cat has to chew them instead of swallowing them whole . he crunches his tarter away :-)
i have never had a bad experience with these . ( as long as they come unbroken ! ) this top is sturdy and will last years .
this is my second scooper . i accidentally broke my first one . this make cleaning up my yard super easy . i highly recommend this !
works like other analgesics but with a high price and heartburn . studies suggest it is less toxic than some nsaids .
this product worked the exact way it was supposed to . i could not be more happy with this product . buy this one .
this is my dogs baby . it appears to be made very well . there is a squeeker in the butt ... lol
exactly as expected for a penn plax product . no surprises here , this tubing works just perfectly ! would definitely buy again !
haven't put the door in place yet , but after doing lots of research i knew this is the door that's best for my pets !
this is by far my cat's favorite attachment ! and it's really well made . i would very much recommend this attachment .
i have multiple cats inside and this product works great for helping to eliminate the smells . does not clump litter at all .
this is one handsome scratcher ! wow ! really very good looking.nice rich walnut brown.not a lounge room eyesore.at all . i'll write again with reports of catisfaction ...
hold up real we'll ! with pretty feral cats playing with them . very life like and good for encouraging hunting behavior .
easy to use , and instruction is clear . it's a full set with test tubes for each measures . i use it very regularly now .
our cats paid no attention to it ; they do not seem to know what to do with it - - and we have 4 cats .
my dog loves this toy . he takes it everywhere , even to bed at night . it is almost bigger than him .
bags do have a lavender scent , but very faint . they tear easily at perforations . a good product for cleaning up after your dog / dogs .
this is a good quality product with good size pieces and few crumbs . however , my dogs are not enthusiastic about it . they much prefer the liver .
great product . i ordered another produce previously and it was junk . this works just fine . even my husband uses it .
i buy the lite teenies for my two little dogs and they are just right for treats . my dogs will do anything to get these .
it's a nice mat that helps keep the cats food from getting all over the place . i wish i had bought a larger one .
seems ok . i thought it was the exact replacement pump but came with rules about using distilled water . not tap water . i use filtered water anyway .
no other dry cat food has helped my kittypie digest and have easy wonderful bowel movements.like this product . she is healthy with her hair becoming like silk .
no more bending of the scoop and litter flying everywhere . bigger size makes it easier to scoop and it gets the clumps that stick easily .
every time i use this container i end up struggling to align it properly so i can close it correctly .
cats love this stuff . it might be stinky to us , but to them it's like manna from heaven . they can't get enough of it .
very convenient size . one package fits nicely into the tupperware container i store my cats food in for daily consumption . my cat loves this food .
bought this for my dogs ' razor blade to cut their hair . small and simple and good price and keeps the blades oiled .
do not buy anything else . pay the extra $ $ and buy this product . i am confident my water quality is excellent with this product .
the feathers come out of socket after a couple weeks of kitties play . i don't know , maybe they are not designed for bengal cats .
this is a dog leash . works as expected . smooth , easy to operate , locks when i click the button . simple and easy !
dogs love it - - have a yellow lab and beagle 13 months old and they constantly tug a war and trade back and forth .
i use these ( 2 ) for my gsd pup . now 11 months . great solid bowls . heavy and stay in place . easy to clean .
this was a good price for these . i buy my cat treats so he has them every week , and he loves these
a healthy treat and good for her teeth ... my cairn terrier loves them ...
it is a water bottle . it does not drip . there really is not any other thing to say about it .
my dog likes this toy , he's had one before , but chewed it up . he plays with it sometimes , when i toss it back and forth .
you cannot beat this price and i have never experienced a break in any of the bags . this is the second time i have ordered these bags .
keeps clean , holds up well even with tough chewer , dogs all love it . color keeps it from getting lost in the yard .
these were much smaller and dryer than i thought they were . i must have bought a different type last time .
must be put away after play or it will end up destroyed . is a very good product but is not a chew toy .
these are reasonably priced , easy to replace and my cats love ( use ) them ! great product . . . wish i had invented them !
love the bio-bag filters . convenient and easy to use . do a great job keeping our chinese water dragon's " pond " clean .
i use this for my 10 gallon white orchid shrimp tank . it has to stay about 80 degrees consistently and it sure does the job !
this product was everything i was expecting , but doesn't keep my dog's attention like other products ( i . e . deer antlers ) do .
this was purchased as a gift for a friends cats . it's the only one they like so i give it 5 stars
very easy to fill . dog can still get her paws in but much less comes out . great in the car . love it .
these are so healthy and my dog lilly just loves them ! she does lots of tricks just to get them !
these bags are a perfect size and fit for the catit hooded cat litter pan . i wouldn't go any smaller than the extra giant .
i have this heater on a 5.5 gallon tank and it only heats to 80 when the control it set at the max temp .
i love this brush it takes all the loose hair off my 4 dogs . i'm so glad i bought this brush .
this is the best litterbox i have ever owned . the cat has his / her privacy and you don't have to smell it everytime they use it .
this product gets the job done . it quickly dissolves and doesn't leave any gross residue behind , and makes water properly conditioned for aquatic animals
great fit for my aquarium and i saved money . i use these once a month for a 20 gal tank .
this is pretty much used every day . my kittens love them . just bought another one . great price and lots of fun .
so far has fed the fish for two weeks , will consider buying more for the price .
although my dogs aren't puppies , they do like these . but they really prefer the ones with hard things and cloth .
my cats all five of them love temptations as a treat and the catnip flavor is their favorite .
should be name , " the world's great this clumping litter " ! ! makes cleaning out the cats litter box a pleasure and not a dreadful task ! :-)
love this filter system for my fish tanks and will always use this product in the filter system at my house .
i use a lot of pads as i foster dogs who don't go outside to do their business . this saves my floors .
my german shepherd tore this thing apart in a couple days , but he loved every minute of it ! i'll likely be buying more for him .
i use it on my australian shepherd . excellent brush for removing dead fur .
i bought two of these boxes . my cats love it , i think because of the privacy . it is easy to clean .
my puppies love these sock monkeys , and i am pleasantly surprised at how well they hold up to aggressive play .
cut to fit and off you go , seems to work well and lasts better and less mess than the granular stuff .
i must not have been paying attention and got the treats meant for a dog , i have to break these apart to use for a cat
this was for a baby conure , she just couldn't stop playing with it , however she has passed away and our new baby boy loves it as well .
this has become one of my yorkie's favorite toys - highly recommend it it's been months now and it's still in one piece , also , squeaker is going strong
fun to bounce around but i have to put up when we are done playing so my pooch doesn't chew to pieces .
dont waste your money . begged my 3 cats but to no avail  they looked at me like i was stupid andrepeatedly walked away   ..
i don't recommend this product . in a day or so the squeakers are no longer working and then the dogs don't want to play with them .
i used this and the conditioner . my gsd freya has the softest hair on the planet i love it ! nice smell too .
this is the only brush my goldendoodle allows me to use on her . the handle is so comfy , much less than pet co .
my dog has allergies so i'm really glad greenies came out with an allergy-free version of the pill pockets ! my dog considers these a treat !
this pan is okay , but it's easy for the pet to dig in it . i recommend this one : ware plastic scatterless lock-n-litter pet pan .
my dogs absolutely love these . they always arrive on schedule and fresh in their sealed package . if your dog loves to eat vegetables they'll love these .
this works great . iv'e had no problems with it ... it easily attaches or detaches when needed . i bathe my yorkie weakly so this really saves time .
my dogs have spent many hours working on these bones . great quality . keep up the good work . my dogs thank you !
this came quickly and really seems to work on my cat . i will be buying more when i run out !
my cat dont really play it , yet . but the stuff is still good . i can play it sometimes , in front of my cat . ...
this product says it is for large dogs and no stuffing but we have 3 labs and this toy lasted for maybe 30 minutes . very disappointed .
i love this beautiful pink doggie bed & so does my dog . so fluffy and beautiful i am very happy with my purchase !
at first the cat loved it ... she slept in it for 2 nights but will not touch it now but still likes the scratching post at the bottom
my dog loves the taste and does not mind having his teeth brushed when i use this toothpaste . i brush every day and he has lovely white teeth .
i bought these awhile ago and they do last quite awhile . they will eventually get torn up a bit thought .
i am about to order another box , so i'm definitely happy with them . love the fragrance , it's kind of rosy .
the plants in my aquarium love this stuff . they literally are growing daily and right before my eyes . very satisfied
i order these to ship my puppies i sell . they hold up nicely and are airline approved . nice size for pups .
using them is great and the rabbit enjoyed eating them out of my hands .
feeding this every day made my dog sick accoding to the vet . i had to throw my 1 year old yorkie's stockpile away .
great concept and design , perfect height for my rodesien ridgeback . he loves it , stores a lot of food ! ! ! 5/5 great !
i thought our cats would at least flip and play with these but they don't have any keen interest in these .
i dunno it works alright i guess kinda expensive its not super great but hey it works i would recommend it for a tank less than 55 gallons
can't take my dog anywhere without them it did what i needed it too do it is easy to use and i would suggest it to others also just great
i got this lamp for my turtle and she is just to big for the heat it puts off . great for smaller tanks or smaller animals .
this ramp is perfect for my german shepherd . it is light enough and easy to use . very nicely made . my dog and i love it !
they do their job better than any other deodorizer i have seen ... but the price is a little steep . i have just used other things since then ..
i bought this product to kill any remaining bed bugs and it does work very well but it does create a mess very easily .
this is not a bad toy , it is small and the fur kinda falls out , but my ferret likes it so that is enough for me .
i finally stopped using the petmate fresh flow water fountains . my experience with them wasn't satisfactory and i resented having to buy filters for them .
this costume was the cutest plush costume ever . i only wished i had purchased a larger size for my small shit-tzu .
we have a 12lb dog and this leash works very well . these types of leashes last a long time , in my experience .
the best dog brush i have found for my australian shepherd ! ! ! bought a second one .
i have been buying these for my cat for years . they love them . i have to limit them because they are high in carbs
olivers ' favorite toys . he plays with these things until they just disappear . i finally wised up and now buy this 12 pack .
my little dog used this quite a bit in cold weather . good quality just size it right when you order it.about what i expected .
my cats did not like this product at all . i would recommend meow mix pate cat food , which my cats love .
bucket is as described and a good price . however , i meant to buy one with a flat side which is my preference to hang in my kennel .
i bought this for my blind gsd puppy . it makes no noise , no " giggle " no nothing . what a waste of money for us
only cat litter our cats will use . i believe it works extremely well in clumping the urine . i change it out every 5 to 6 weeks .
my hagen catit design fresh and clear cat drinking fountain is so great and the replacement filters are just as good !
this product makes my moorkie feel more comfortable at night . the colors are rather cool to look at as well .
my amazon seems to like this , but he ignores the small bits and the chile peppers . not too many chiles , but a lot of small bits .
my two dogs loved this toy . i have a dog that even hides it from the rest of the family .
i bought this to have an extra comb to use to check for fleas on my dogs . i is easier to use .
my chow girl anaya loves these & they are made in the usa . always a plus with so many treats that are made in china ! yuck ...
great product . works perfectly ; keeps dog afloat with ease and supports head . well-made product ; sturdy . would definitely buy from this line again .
have tried various brands of this type of treat on the market . however , this is the only kind she really likes .
my birds love it . it is a well balanced bird food that keeps my parakeets happy and healthy . they everything but the hulls .
these will keep your dogs busy for hours . they smell really bad , but the dogs don't seem to mind . worth every penny .
awesome cat perch , easy to assemble and it has quality covers that can be removed and washed - super important in a multi cat home !
i love the litter champ and the refills work just fine . makes the litter cleaning so very much more pleasant !
i use this for my dog's coat that was very dry and my cat's constipation . great product . pets love the taste .
it works well but can be a pain to attach to a squirming pet because of the velcro .
these wipes have been wonderful for eliminating the acne my pug gets on his face , it also relievs the itching that tends to come with it .
this is a godsend . rexie is very comfy in this and there are no pinching clasps in his underarm area . it is super cute on also .
my cat loved it and when she got used to the scratcher she liked digging her paws in it . she also liked the infinity ball .
product ok but my cats didn't always eat them even when i mixed them in with their food . my cats just could be finicky .
i bought this because reviews said it's not dusty which it isn't but the smell ! ! it doesn't do a very good job of covering up the odors .
dog loves the taste of pills and eats them without any problems . great for the lawn and do not have yellow spots throughout the lawn .
so what if it's plastic ! you wouldn't know it when it's hanging out for the birds . it's very well made and a terrific bargain !
unlike the westpaw toys , this lasted less than a day , and then my dog carried around a small scrap of cloth as a souvenir for a week .
but it's too big for them to pick up in their mouths . but they enjoy pushing and knocking it about and the foodcomes out easily .
this was not the best littler for me . i was shopping around for something that would clump the cat urine better .
this is a great value for the price , my dogs absolutely love it , and it's nice and easy to have it shipped directly to the house .
i received them and they are just what i was looking for . i like the high back and sides . keeps the litter inside . i
big success with my pooch ! he loves this toy ! ! very tough , he has yet to be able to damage it in any way !
my dogs like this one , but tend to only chew on the ends - not the " donut " in the middle .
our pup loves these sweet potato organic treats and perfect for training . happy that they are made in the usa .
brushing dog's teeth daily with this reduces plaque noticeably if you keep it up . they seem to like the taste
my cats loved this food . prices are a little over the top . i would recommend that you shop at the local discount store .
just the right size to use in a puzzle toy i bought for my dog - - however , he never seemed very excited about these .
the dogs love them but they are done in seconds . they are surprisingly big chunks but easily eaten . decent like a milkbone
i have two big mixed dogs and they love this food ! they look big and healthy with nice coat and no stomach issues . always delivered quickly !
my cats had a allot of fun with these items for christmas . they enjoyed tearing the package open and playing with the items inside
this is just like what you can get at the pet store , so the fact that it's cheaper makes it great ! definitely recommend . :)
this is a great stand , love the fact that it reaches the celiing and is very sturdy . the cats truly love it !
as is stated in other reivews - not sure why they do but they love these toys . what makes kitty happy makes mamma happy ! !
this is a great toy for the agressive chewers.just make sure that you discard whenever the edges become frayed .
our cat sure loves these . really gets her going . i think we have all of the interchangeable toys for her .
i bought it because the reviews were decent . but it didn't really work at all.was not at all happy with it
my dog loves this product ! can't really go wrong with this ... a good tip : put some puppy toothpaste on there and it'll help them brush better :)
the dogs love the beef flavor and want more , but due to their small weight , they only require one snack . great product ! !
works amazingly well on longhair and short hair cats . you can't believe how much hair will come loose from any of them .
this is the cutest toy ! it squeaks and makes a hedgehog noise . the toy has held up well with dogs that love to tear up toys !
hours and hours of cheap entertainment for the kitty . lots of interactive fun ! they don't get bored and neither do i !
not clumping :( but i have used before and it works like a charm ! amazon shipped for free ! ( to hawaii ! )
my dogs loves these and has not had any problem with them . don't over feed your dog with these treats .
add a little water and mix it with your regular cat food . it makes a good supplement to their diet .
easy to assemble , and turned out to be the perfect height for myenglish cocker . looks pretty nice too .
we got this for a three week old kitten she loves it its light and super cute i love this
my cat hates this flavor . guess i'll be donating this box too . gee , fussie cat is really starting to suck .
fits in a tight space / corner very well . plastic of box seemed to be better then average . the neutral gray color blended well .
my small dog loves this chew bone . ita's a great product at a decent price . it helps keep the tartar off his teeth .
picture makes it look like there are two toys but there is only one . the one there is can attach to da bird pole . cats loved it !
gave it a shot ... my dogs dug around in it and got the room filthy so ... maybe the plastic mat lookin one ... i dunno
i wish i had not thrown away the original packing because i would return it . it chafes on the dogs shoulders , and he does not like it .
through away your bags of carbon and get this instead . rechargeable and perfect . simple and easy to use . money saving .
... too bad the pet didn't share my enthusiasm ! well made , soft , snuggly , but apparently claustrophia-inducing .
the heating element really didn't heat , our kitty did not like it and neither did we . so  back to amazon it went !
this shampoo did help my dog's skin . she has horrible allergies that act up year round , and this seemed to help .
we looked in stores all over trying to find a comfortable strong harness . this one is great ! ! soft and durable .
works great and just as advantageous to my saltwater tank as the uv sterilizers are for my fresh water tanks .
my 5 cats love these treats and from what i read they are better for them then most of the treats out there .
my dog will still consume her fecal matter and that of her sisters . this didn't make her stop . won't buy it again
my kids just love these . my one little boy carries one in his mouth all over the house constantly . very fast service and last a long time .
my dogs love it and use it a lot . though they still love the floor . they use it mostly in spring summer and fall
this product works great . clears the cloudy water fast . i have used about 1 year in my turtle tanks . it met my expectations .
i gave it 4 stars only because i cant get my bio wheels to turn very well but runs great other then that ,
i like the non slip rubber bottom . it still moves easily just not while the puppy is eating / drinking out of it .
this is a great product recommended to us by our vet . i will never wash our pup with anything else .
this is probably the greatest food you can feed your dog or cat . it has 100 % pure organic ingredients . can't do much better than that .
i and my dog loves these , his favorite , you can't kill them , they bounce great off of other things to keep your dog entertained
watch out cuz these " mice " will end up everywhere . loads of fun for my kitty . i suggest getting 2 bags for good measure !
this brush is small enough to be able to reach the back teeth of my dogs . of course she loves to eat the tooth paste along the way .
the cats go crazy over these and we got them from amazon for a great price . i would gladly order them again .
my dogs absolutely love these treats . they can't wait to get them and it is good to know that they are good for them .
furminator is a must have for dogs but i have no idea if this shampoo or the spray help or not . regardless its a nice shampoo and smells good
great product and able to find a price through here that is cheaper shipped than my local pet store . thanks !
prettey absorbent . with 2 cats you do have to change the pads more often.just like changing a wee-wee pad for a puppy or a tiny dog .
clancy , kelly , and sugar ( two cairns and one westie ) prefer these over the new processed chicken that sams carries . enough said .
use on correct dog weight and size and not in wet conditions on daily basis and replace every three months . works like a charm .
the rake set arrived in perfect condition . it was exactly what i wanted . it is very sturdy and well made . very happy ! bb
my shiba inu loves this chew toy , she won't put it down ! it seems pretty durable and she is a very heavy chewer .
all dogs need this toy . my dog loves it so much she never leaves it alone . she is so cute with this in her mouth .
i like it , my only complain is that the scooper needs the special refill bags and the are not cheap .
how do you give a dog dewormer a rating ? lolwell , um , it's very simple to use and the directions are easy .
very handsome and good leather leash . it has started to wear after 18 months or so which is pretty long for it to last
my jack russell's are crazy over merricks turducken dog food ... they say it is like having thanksgiving every day ... :-)
i keep buying more as they're used so much and i need a full load for my washer ! much cheaper than buying throw-away pads .
i get compliments on how shiny , silky and nice smelling my dogs are . it's a wonderful product and i will buy it again .
it breaks off in nice size chunks . perfect treat for training , especially recall at a dog park . it's also very healthy too .
the furminator is the best , it really helps get off the dog hair and the price on amazon is fantastic , i highly recommend this product
my labradoodle loved these . tried to get cheaper ones on sale at petco and they made her sick , so i'll go back to these .
i've use this product on my pets for years ! it does a great job of keeping the fleas and ticks off them .
you have to use this in conjunction with nite out so it gets costly theres other cycle starters for cheap
super flexible and durable product . i'm considering getting another one of these in a smaller size . makes my puppies wrestle everytime .
and , made in the usa . i am afraid of dog food and supplements coming from china where standards may not be as high as ours .
the best you find on the market.good price for value.recommend anytime for everyone who wants to have a healthy cat or dog
these little pellets are the perfect size for my guppies and barbs . i only use nls for all my fish .
my dogs love these and they clean there teeth well and keeps them busy for a bit . i highly recommend these
my cat jumped on the table and it didnt make a sound . when i banged the table really loud it did but my cat just looked at it .
the hollow on the insides makes cleanup intensive and tough the puppies are biiger than i thought they d be and 5 out nine can climb it
have been giving these to my 8 year old malamute since we received them several months ago . unfortunately , it doesn't work .
these are perfect treat size to reward our dogs a couple times a day . they love them and we love that they're a natural treat
easy to install , easy to clean , i use this filter for my turtle , and it really picks up the gunk well .
i would recommend this collar to any owner . the links pop in pretty easily . good , durable product for your doggy
my two dogs still chew and chase this toy . they love it ! very tough and has lasted them a long time .
easy assembly , sturdy and easy to use . seems to be of a good quality . no sharp edges , so it's safe .
i don't like the fact that i have to add 50 % meat to it . i won't buy again , but the others with meat are fine .
my dog absolutely loves these treats - can't get enough and begs for them and eats them really fast . always a favorite !
dog loved it enough to eat it twice ... i've tried a lot of things and just none of them seem to work .
add water and you have soft moist soil works perfect for my snake tanks ! thanks for the dirt . god made dirt , dirt wont hurt
my dogs went crazy for this stuff ! . as soon as i pulled the bag out they started salivating like crazy ! would buy again .
this is a nice kit and easy to use . test strips are easier , true , but expensive . i will be using this product from now on .
i guess you have to be a really passionate fish pond person . i did not see that it made much difference in my water garden .
this was a great item for my 12 pound morkie . she loves it . i may have tot order another one .
my dog's love this turkey roll , it is a nutritious way to make your dog's happy . buy it , you won't be disappointed .
this is a nice treat after she comes in from outside .. helps her breathe . perfect size for small pets .. cannot find at pet stores .
fit was great little hard to get on over head but nice and soft.great harness for small dog grandkids love this on miley .
my baby almost always knows when his " sticks " come in the mail . he loves these treats ! a must have for any dog lover !
my dog loves this toy . she is a very aggressive chewer and so far ( 3 weeks ) it has held up well , even the squeaker .
my dogs love these treats . and i trust zukes brand . i won't buy anything that isn't made in the u s a .
i bought this for a toy size dog and it was too small , so had to exchange it for a larger slicker . looks nice through .
cheaply made and only a third the size of one he had from petco . we were disappointed with this purchase .
too small of a amount for five dog's and a litter due any day . had to order two more bottles . :(
my dog loves these . the vet . also remarked how my 14 year old dog teeth were . i've been ordering this product and will continue .
if you fur baby's keep removing their bows after they are groomed these big container will save you a fortune .
didn't know if this would work but i haven't had another food bowl spill since we bought them ... they work great . definately would recommend .
my cats will eat this in the place of pro plan sensitive stomach . i usually mix it with pro plan so it lasts longer .
the dog thinks these are great . she recommends them highly and thinks we need more in inventory . guess i will do as told .
i have the silliest dogs in the world . they like keep away best and this toy if great for that .
love the way it material floats when i am playing with my energetic year-old kitty . good exercise for both of us !
works well . not as " sandy " , doesn't seem to spread outside of box as much . kitties like it ! the family is happy .
i could not get my cat to eat this food . there must be something about renal formula that cats just dislike .
it is really good for my dog that has skin allergies . i use this on her instead of regular shampoo . it works great .
not sure why but my cat would not eat this , finally fed it to the feral cats outside , they loved it ! ! !
my kitten walks all over where i spray , i do not think it's worth it and i have tried it many times . it's a joke don't bother
usa made and good price ... dogs like to take them in snow then bring them in and chew them nice and wet
we have two of these - one for the yard and another near the street for quick pickups if the dog makes a deposit in a neighbor's yard .
it seems pretty durable and provides plenty of entertainment for my greys . it is not their favorite , but they do enjoy it .
very easy to use . excellent price . quick n easy results . gives wonderful peace of mind to know the aquarium is healthy for my fish .
totally disappointed . tried it on two of my dogs and it does not work.this is the second no bark device i have tried that does not work .
my cats love fancy feast wet canned food . the variety pack is nice to have so they don't have to get the same thing every day
i love cloud star and their products . these treats are the perfect size for training , and the dogs really love them !
our iguanas are big now but we never can run out of this substrate so keep on making this bedding because it makes like a little easier thx medicine
they love the wand and it is safe , cannot hurt them with sharp edges . they will play for 1/2 hour with this
i have four miniature poms and they all like this dog food . they all have beautiful coats and very few stomach upsets .
my kitty nickie loves this kong naturals catnip and when i finish the smaller container he will enjoy this one too .
dogs are fans of chicken jerky and these are also on the love them list . not so hard they choke .
my yorkie can sling and chew it all she wants , and i never have to clean up ! we both love them !
some days she will not eat any of her food until we give her s little of this treat ! highly recommended for anyone with finicky kitties .
my cats sort of just look at it with interest , sniff it , then just yawn and walk away . oh well .
it has feathers ... and ears ... what else is there to say ? ? my cat loved this . would buy again !
my cats appear to love the size for stretching out in and use it for sleeping as well as scratching .
i don't know whether these things actually work or not but the turtles enjoy munching on them with no ill affects and have for many years .
one of my cat's used this a lot . i just wanted to try it out and see what the crystals were like .
have ordered this product from this company several times and they have never let me down ... great service ... prompt and as advertised ...
haven't seen any bad results with these , yet i haven't noticed any real calming effect either . will update when more information comes to light .
large with a lot of bright lights . i chose this due to cost and all of the positive feedback . i was not disappointed .
mine to not stay where placed but seem to scoot even with the rubber . i would not reorder this product
i give these to my dogs after they've come back from swimming and they're drying off on the deck . they love them ! ! !
but now that we've had it a few months is is not her favorite but she does like it , not certain i would purchase again though .
cannot go wrong with a kong toy . they are durable ! i have a lab and she is a strong chewer of her toys . these last !
puppy loved the taste , but made him terribly sick ... not sure what is in these , but we ended up at emergency vet .
i think this is a great product but my picky dog gets tired of it after a week .
perfect food bowl , less good water bowl . and low fire clay so it will break easily . that said , i'm very happy with it .
my girls love the variety and the size is perfect for my chihuahua . i like to give them good treats and this fits the bill !
this is great because i have a basking light with uva and uvb in one for my turtle . and he loves basking under it .
love the sturdiness of this toy but the cookies i bought to go inside this kong did not fit . my dogs love this toy though
my girls , large and small , love to take turns looking out the window from their new new bed and lounger .
this is one of the products that are very helpful for my 13 year old standard poodle to keep him moving .
it does exactly what is says.treats tap water & removes chlorine & heavy metals with no worries.great value since a little bit goes a long way .
i take this toy to a field where several dogs run every day , and it's very popular with the larger ones as well as my westie .
this item is very nice but a little smaller than expected . it makes a great christmas gift for someone who loves schnauzers .
my 3 month old shiba inu loves this toy . she loves chewing on it and it has a sporadic bounce pattern that keeps her interested . great buy !
it grew reasonably fast . the cat kinda pulls at it but enjoyed . need to refill it now . was pretty easy to do
our smaller dog loves this size . good quality treats.only usa made treats for our dogs.they last him a while and helps with his older teeth .
my dogs scratched a lot . so , i figured i would give this a shot . it seems to have done the trick .
the product was fantastic quality and a nice strong rubber . i have a labradoodle puppy and the toy was way too small for his mouth . choking risk .
i was blowing bulbs every 3 days before i found this for my turtle ( red eared slider ) tank . very highly recommended .
our greyhound figured this out fairly easily , but the compartments are small enough that he takes awhile to get all the food out .
love these singing sharks . they have held up fine compared to the toys with fragile legs and arms .
got here works is what it claimed to be thanks for a job well done . . . . . . .
the absolute best water dechlorinator you can find i have a 550 gallon tank that i use prime for . the best of the best .
it's a dog treat and our dog loves it . when she hears the bag opening , she comes running . so i figure she loves the product .
well made product that really makes walking easier . a gentle guide for the dog with a short attention span or excess energy .
this is ok , not as strong as dasaquin , but it does the job for a dog with mild arthritis .
seems to work , sprayed on cardboard rolls , cats love . got some on my hands , skin is the largest organ that absorbs and i am feeling refreshed
these were a christmas present . the dogs loved them . they are a nice size for yorkies and other small dogs .
sturdy fit to most door knobs even modern type handles . kittens love this product . the toy does come off now and then .
item was useless . does not do the job it claims.every use requires a new set of batterys .
i have small dogs and these treats are perfect for them . the large box is also a great value to me .
lasted about 15 minutes with my aggressive chewers . not worth the money when there are better options available for the money .
we have a maltese and a shih tzu . the coat is cute but difficult to get on one dog and impossible on the other .
my french bulldog is 4 months old and wears a small size . she loves it and it keeps her warm ! very good quality !
it may be alittle better than the regular stuff but it is alot more expensive . i get 6 for the price of 4 for the regular flea treatment .
if your cat doesn't love hanging out on this multi-tiered kitty perch , then something is wrong with your cat !
bone did not seem real and was chalky . my dogs teeth carved into it easily . i am not sure what it was made of
our dogs love this toy . the quality seems good - - especially for the price ! i'm glad i added this on to our order .
what can i say ? my leather couch is saved from my evil kitty who likes to dig her claws into anything she can puncture .
wish i had purchased the litter genie long ago . really is a life saver . refills are great to have . no more using grocery bags
my west highland terrier loves her kong . whenever she sees it , she knows it's peanut butter time ! this product rocks .
nice color . smaller then i thought . its cute . would of been nice if it was a little bigger and thicker .
if you lose or dispenser breaks there is no other dispenser that fits these bags ! rolls do not have a supports
these are perfect bags . they are dark enough to cover up the contents & have a light lavender scent to help cut down on any smell .
great but cheap.we had to hot clue the whole ball in the middle.the hamster so so likes it but not alot.great price great price .
this is so handy . it keeps the smell in , so you can use for a few days before you empty .
this is a good product for the price . it is great for doggie dental care . you can clean it in the dishwasher along with your dog's toothbrush .
fantastic ! ! ! good product and the price is better . am using it in my two dogs . i will recommend this to my friends and family .
i could have bought my dog something else instead . she just doesn't care for this interactive toy . my dog is very motivated by food .
washed it once , seems ok , tired of returning beds to a store , after two washings and threads popping up and fraying .
it is hard to control its movement , and where / how to store it when it is not in use is problematical
did not hold up under the chewing from my puppy , would not recomend for dogs . i love the colors but not a good product
sometimes even the best dog will decline to take her pills . antibiotics can be pretty bitter , but pill pockets make them go down easily !
my catfish love these once they can get them away from my tetras . it seems all my fish want a bite of these .
i tried this with a couple of dogs , they were both totally uninterested . it also seems overpriced considering how small the container is .
this is a great product however , was too short for my beagle but should work great on my smaller dog . i purchased the medium .
nope ... this toy lasted less than 5 minutes with my 10 month old labrador and the handle was gone . ugh ! ! !
good product - sturdy . like the no slip feature . nice coloring and is very eye pleasing . it fit really well .
have used this brand of clipper for decades with my cats and dogs . excellent quality and resharpenable . easy on animal and myself !
this makes owning the self cleaning litter box so much cheaper . unfortunately my cat didn't like the crystal litter at all .
works very well and is a perfect for a very small puppy . if your dog weighs more than 3 or 4 pounds , get a larger one .
got everything it has for filterin ' the aquarium but bio-wheel have to reorder when it gets dirty.not much space to go in the filter ..
love the laser light , but it doe's not last long .. batteries do not last , although my cats and myself love it ~
my dog is obsessed with the taste and makes teeth brushing super easy ! the tooth brushes are perfect for puppy into adult phase since they give you two
they might work--i wouldn't know . they will not stay on my dog . she doesn't seem to mind them but she steps right out of them .
i love this crate tray better than the one that came with the crate , it's thicker and more durable , also it fits perfectly .
the cats will thank you when you have a refill for their favorite toy . they need to offer extra string with each refill also .
great for agressive chewers . this item quickly became on of our dogs favorite chew toy . would reccommend this highly . glad i got two .
my cocker spaniel loves these things . whenever i get the pack out he starts wagging his stubby tail like crazy . and they area good for him.highly recommended .
connects quickly to the existing automobile seat belt . sturdy and secure when attached to a padded dog harness . it is sufficiently adjustable .
i'll give it 4 stars - not because it lowered nitrate levels - it didn't - but it's water polishing . my reef tank water has never been clearer .
my 16 year old dog takes one of these per day , and is still climbing stairs and going for walks .
my cat love this , but the plant after 2 weeks began to die slowlly . it should be come with instructions to shower
this is a great idea for new puppies . the microwaveable bag worked well and my puppy enjoyed playing with it even after she got settled in .
so far it hasn't been destroyed . kong stuff is normally pretty tough and this is no different . would recommend to any dog owners
this bed has a cover that is washable and it dries fast . i own two large dogs , they both love this bed .
perfectly holds a 30lb bag of blue buffalo , which is what i needed . the wheels are a nice touch too .
excellent product ! my dogs love it and they drink more wateri like this design better than the previous designs.very easy to clean
as soon as you spray this on a pet stain , even yucky feces , it turns white so stain is gone .
suv , crossover should work fine , does nothing in honda element since the dog can crawl underneath it . still kinda flimsy either way but works .
it is a good litster scoop , it is sturdy and did not cost much , it was worth it . i have had it for awhile , love it
dogs never cease to pay attention to me when i pull these out ... great training aids.highly recommended for pups .
i love these toys . they are tough and their bounce is irregular .. so they generally don't roll under furniture . squeak is great too .
my cats use this big time . always have back up . lasts a pretty long time . helps keep em away from the furniture .
my vet recommended the nylabone brand and this had held up to hours of chewing enjoyment . i'd buy this again .
the fleas really did start dropping off my cat within 30 minutes ... now i just need to bomb my apartment so i get them all .
took care of all worms . keeps my dog healthy from things that might be picked up from dog day care and dog park .
i got these for my new puppy a standard poodle . i use it around the eyes and feet . they work really well . highly recommend
i have sprayed this all over everything , and my cat doesn't react to it . make sure your cat likes catnip before you buy this product .
good construction . like the hook and the handle . there's not a whole lot more to say , it's just a stainless steel bucket after all .
i'm sure there's many test kits out on the market . this bare bones tester does fine and measures everything i want it to measure .
purchased this for my labradoodle ( 60 lbs . ) in size large . it is well made , fits well and the color was as shown .
great shape and interesting textures for my dogs . it's been 3 weeks since they've been ' working " on them and there's very little damage to the toy .
my dogs will do anything for these , and i feel good knowing i'm giving them healthy treats .
this seemed to work for a few minutes , but then the dog just started barking again . it also came loose very easily .
these last longer than the ones you buy in the store - the size is great so i don't have to purchase the treats so often .
using on my 4 yr old chorkie and its working he had bad plaque on his rearteeth .. almost all white now ..
good height for small breeds . durable metal bowls . a bigger dog could chew the thin plastic holder . good item for price !
my vet recommended these . the dogs really enjoy them . i do think it helps clean their teeth . great chew for dogs .
my mice love to run around especially in the loop part . every cage needs a little more , and this is just perfect !
this keeps my dogs attention when we are outside . they cannot determine which way it will bounce and keeps them on their toes
beautiful , bright color . sturdy . a little on the pricey side for a leash that doesn't come with a bag attachment , but we're happy with it .
good brush . our puppy likes it . it is easy to move through fur . i would recommend for dogs with thicker coats .
dogs love them and beg for them . don't know how well it helps their breath , i just started feeding them .
fits to a tee and well made ! i will stick with this company from now on as item was exactly as described .
these are on my subscribe and save because my dogs love them and that way i never run out :)
looks like an adult toy but our dog loves it . friends got a good laugh out of it when they saw it .
it is a nice cuddle toy , but none of my four cats use it . yes , cats are very choosy ! lol
great value . no need to go to walmart for a while to get the 6 pack version.getting the free dispenser is a bonus.thumbs up .
it works ! great for night walks and early morning walks . very happy with it . i just hope my dog doesn't chew through it too fast !
my golden puppy likes this buy is really into pheasants and large stuffed bears and dogs ! lol good for puppies imho
great price on good bags , much cheaper than you can find in store .
i have a 2lb puppy who is going crazy over this toy . thank god - he wasn't really understanding most toys until this one .
i have a 65 lb golden retriever who started shredding it right away . i didn't note that it was for 30lb ' s my fault
it removed the smell without much ado , and although it has some foam , it did not do a job on my carpet machine .
good product but not very durrable . after around 30 uses the plasitc interior is ripped to all hell .
bought for my 2 cats . 1 is a little anemic and the other is indoor / outdoor 12 yr old .
this air stone is excellent for the price . it puts out a nice circle of air bubbles , if that's what you are looking for .
so loud it is probably getting returned . the cats are more interested in the grinding plastic sound.also the slowest speed is not slow enough .
active schnauzer puppy really enjoys the ease with which he can make noise . has several kyjen toys and plays with them daily .
great bubble wall . very fine bubbles , suction cups are very strong and have not dislodged .
my dogs and cats like this . not too heavy for me to carry . easy to snap in , too . much better than another type i bought .
my dog likes these treats , but they have this weird odor to me and seem to make her fart a bit after she has 1 .
these wild knots are my dogs favorite toys . he has all of the bird ones and hasn't destroyed them yet , and he is quite the chewer .
the spray with diffusers have calmed my fussy cats ! great product to avert marking . keeps them peaceful .. i will keep buying this .
we used these to help our older kitty keep up with her grooming - they worked great and she didn't seem to mind the scent .
cats love it . price was better than buying a large scratcher at the pet store . comes with a small toy that they also have fun with .
my puppy loves this wubba ! he is a bichon fise and it is just the perfect size for him . tuggable , squeekable , and durable
this toy is made of a very hard material and pieces don't come off . knobs help with teething pups . typical nylabone quality .
my rats absolutely love their pirate ship . they have made them a little nest in it and hide all their little goodies and treats inside .
my cat really likes this toy , she plays with it and carries it around . nice toy or cats.keeps her occupied for awhile .
since we already had and liked the planet dog leash and harness , thought we'd get the collar too . too bulky so we returned .
our rescue ferret , hippie , has absolutly no interest in this what so ever . ( not even as a toy to steal and hide )
solid regulator works fine but adjusting the working pressure needs time . consistant rate of co2 but some times i need to go back and readjust .
our bull terrier loved this goose ; however , the stuffing came out and the poor goose was destroyed within 20 minutes after giving it to her .
why can't these treats be made in the u . s . ? my dog loves the taste , but i am hesitant because china manufacturing standards are sub-standard .
this blade is great . it doesn't seem to get too hot like my all metal ones do . andis clippers have been great too .
we are a wellness family ... all the doggies that live here , and there are quite a few are all on wellness
my neighbor has two little dogs that bark incessantly with every little sound or movement . this quiets them right down which is music to my ears .
my dog loves this new formula and i like how healthy it is for her . no digestive issues or anything .
fun toy that keeps the pup busy for hours , i'm not crazy about the rubber smell of the toy , but the dog really enjoys playing with it .
these are okay i guess . i liken them more to what you'd give an infant to chew on rather than a puppy .
i've tied the other liters . this one not only clumps better , is dust free but somehow absorbs odor much better . deffinitely the one to get .
my kitty loves these , but i agree with other reviewers that you must be careful not to step on it in the middle of the night ! ouch !
great design and durable material . my cats love it ! great customer service and i love the fact that replacement parts can be easily ordered from armarkat ! !
sturdy and lengthy enough for our jack russell mix . bought a cheap one prior to this that lasted a week .
my cockatiels really loved this ... shredded it pretty quickly but that's okay ... that's what it was for . would definitely buy another one .
love this medication for my dog . it works wonders . he has inflamed bowel disease and this medication brings relief . love it for my dog .
the filter has had to be reset twice in a month but for the $ 25 i spent on it it was well worth the money .
went through a whole bottle of this and not convinced it did anything significant for overall oral health of our dog .
my parents cats don't play with any of their toys - got them this and they enjoyed and slobbered all over these for a good hour or longer :)
this has helped training my dog since the clicker sound is so distinct . she is able to catch on to the desired behavior quicker than before .
then it's worth it . this catnip is not the powdery stuff you get at the grocery store in the pet dept .
labrador / german shepherd mix pup had serious gastric issues . one capsule a day alleviated that . good for the immune system too . well worth the expense .
this is a good brush to have in addition to the rake style brush i have for a double coated dog . the self cleaner is nice too .
this is great stuff . it cleans the floor well , removes odors and leaves a nice sheen on the floor . highly recommend .
nice health treat loved by both pets-cat & dogs . it does tend to flake of you try to break it into smaller pieces .
my cat plays so hard with these he tears them up , so i bought the 3 pack . great exercise to wear him out before bed .
unlike a lot of the china's recalled products ... we have to be very careful of what we feed our best friend and family members
these are fine for the small dogs we have - nothing notable about them except the price is right . i'll continue to buy them .
i've been putting it in my tank for about a week now . i haven't seen any negative effects on the tank .
this thing had no impact what so ever on my dogs barking ! don't even bother with this product ! you are waisting your money !
our colony of budgies love this . sometimes too much as certain hens will push other birds off the rope , refusing to share !
this was torn open in less than a day by a puppy . not too impressed at all . pales in comparison with others out there .
this has seemed to reduce the irritation and flakiness . there is a light scent and it lathers well . i will continue to use this as my pets shampoo
makes him think the pills he has to take are treats . a necessity for my dog , in fact . i always have these on hand .
works great ! ! nothing more to say really . it is a deep dome . happy i got it ! price was okay too .
we rescue dogs and always have treats for them . this is a brand that we have used for years and keep a box on the shelf .
it's ok ... does not work as nice as the original spray that no bark come with . . . . .
my dogs love all dingo products so when i see different dingo items i always try them . they love em
my dogs love this cheese . no extra ingredients just freeze dried cheese that is so much easier to carry around and dispense than regular cheese .
perfect scoop - - why did i wait so long to buy this one ? ! it is super strong and makes scooping go much faster .
jw products stand up to chewing more than any other toy i'v bought for my dog . i will reorder this toy or another by jw
if you use alot of puppy pads this is the way to really save money . you will not be disappointed .
its great , all twenty five feet . i do wish it was a little bit softer but i guess they probably make that . thanks
this is the 3rd collar / harness we have from ezydog . our puppy looks great in the gear and its easily machine washable .
these were good for what i needed them for and much cheaper than the tidy cat kind ... but haven't been able to order them since . :(
brush my poodles teeth every morning . he sits and waits for me to brush his teeth . he likes the flavor .
my pup plays with it for a few seconds and then is on to some other mischief . doesn't hold her attention .
these filters work great in my pets circulating water dispensers . they keep all the slime and food particles from recirculating back through the water .
these are great bags and i love that they are biodegradable . they are solid , never tear and don't have any weird scents . great product !
they are a perfect treat for my dogs , and they're also good for their teeth . i like the larger amount in this bag . highly recommend .
good selection of seafood flavors and good size cans . if your cat loves seafood i would recommend getting this deal .
couldnt put together . got a defective one . not well made . not recommended . amazon is getting this one back amd will get another product .
this pump works well , is relatively quiet , and it looks cool . i believe it is a good product for the money .
popular with the freshwater fish in my tank , especially nice if you have glassfish who have small mouths and like to feed off the surface .
this is my second purchase of this harness . we have acquired a second yorkshire terrier and wanted them to match .
my dog loves these rawhides . i only wish it took her a little longer to chew them . great product . i will keep them in stock .
great price for this neat toy . my hammies love it ! have to be careful with the tubes the tabs break really easy .
my cats didn't care but my friend's cat loves it . fun that it's adjustable to a circle or an s-shape .
i have a labrador which was constantly shedding . however , since using this conditioner plus the furminator shampoo it seems that this problem is behind us .
switched to this shampoo for my maltese after problem with a shampoo with rosemary in it smelling weird . had conditioners in it too .
i use these as treats to train my puppy or to mix into his food . i like that you can use this on cats too . cool .
perfect size for dog training . and both of my dogs love them ! these are a little pricey , but will buy again .
this is a nice mat but i have not washed it yet so i don't know how it will hold up . better quality than others .
my cats love these . yeowww makes the best catnip toys . unlike the banana and rainbow , the cigars are very durable and last a long time .
wish it worked better . i ended up using chemical flea treatment on the pets to get rid of the flea problem .
my dogs went nuts for these . they loved them . i liked them more than the rawhide kind as these were real bones . i re-ordered more .
i would have been better off just throwing my money in the trash , as this did not withstand the dog's chewing for more than 10 minutes .
i had to return one pump because it was the wrong one , but this one was the correct one . thankyou
one of myh dogs has been using this for years . well worth the money it is chewable and no problem
lasted a few weeks this far ! glad the boys will play with it and chew on it with or without me playing with them
i think what cats love the most is the ' creamy nougat center ' , a nice mix of crunchy and soft in one treat .
i bought this for a friends dog . the dog looked really cute and kept her warm in the hoodie . and the colors are very attractive .
have used a safety system for my dog for a long time . this snapping into the safety belt makes it so much easier to consistently utilize .
worked great , just as described and it saved us many vet bills . i use it one my cat and dog .
my dogs have no problems with this . i gave 4 stars because i haven't noticed any less shedding . i do , however love how this smells .
i found this to be pretty unusable ... it is just too thick and actually i found it counter productive as it actually added gunk to the eyes
the dog loved it but most of the squeakers were dead within a couple of hours . not a good choice for dogs that are tough on toys .
the point is to make the dog happy , keep her occupied and healthy all at the same time . this does exactly that .
good sturdy bowl and it is the perfect size for my 45 lb acd cross . got it for a great price to here on amazon .
this product lasts a long time with rinsing in aquarium water regularly . does a good job and is cost effective .
is a great litter . it last precious a pretty long time better than most . i use all of arm & hammer products and like them all .
nothing special here .. a thermometer , that reads the temps .. c or f works great .. the cord is long enough to do exactly what i needed !
adorable and cozy . only 4 stars because the install is a little wonky but not bad . great find for pup !
i bought the collar for a friend's dog . easy fitting , and you have more control over the dog rather than using thechain choke collar .
these are great filters , the whole booda line has always been awesome in my experience . they are great for small spaces like closets .
i used these to trim around my teddybear pups eyes and mouth and they work great nice and sharp . i like that the ends are rounded .
now if i can just figure out how to keep my other dog from sneaking into the one dog's crate and drinking his water !
i loved using this but the refill bags get expensive . i have stopped using this since i don't want to spend $ 10 for another refill .
works pretty well for dogs that are the same size . still has some drawbacks but overall works well , some pulling and tangling .
built much better than karen pryor's clickers . haven't lost it yet or had it " click-n-break " . big button is also a plus .
this fountain is really great ! it is well made , quiet , easy to fill and easy to clean . my cats love it .
i am very pleased with these ( i bought 2 for my 4 cats ) . they have significantly reduced the amount of tracked litter .
this fit my boston terrier and pug mix ( bug ) puppy when he was 3 months old . he has since slightly outgrown it .
have not really used regularly yet and am feeding hairball formula kibble with wet food.also combing to remove more hair than slicker has been getting !
the mice promptly got removed , mauled and torn apart . but other than that , the cats still go on it :)
parrot seems to be ok with this & sits on it ... if my parrot doesn't like something he normally ignores it but certainly took to this perch
my kitty prefers just to lay on and around this stuffed animal . i don't detect any catnip in it , but of course i'm human .
some they wont even touch so this type gets eaten now and then as long as i pace it out .
they were cheap enough . i hate spending a lot of money on stuff you're going to fill with poop and throw away . these served their purpose .
dont leave this on your dog when your not around . they will be able to grab hold of it and will chew through it in a second
the pump won't open ... it makes it hard to use . otherwise it's great salmon oil and at a good price
i use it for keeping feeder insects , very easy to clean , and i can just shake the bugs off into the tank for easy feeding .
my dogs are crazy over these beef sticks . i'll but more when these run out . keep them on the menu .
plenty of leash , the retractor works great , very ergonamic and not one thing bad to say about this product . i would buy another if needed .
no issues as of yet . timer works great . its very nice having a day and night mode for my lights .
love this product but wish you had left the larger opening on top to fill it .. it is a life saver for short trips
this was not a good buy . my puppy does not like it at all . i would not purchase this one again
i have a couple of cats that hate going to the vets . this hood keeps them calm and still . if they can't see , they can't run !
my " puppy " really likes them and gets them often . he gets a bone everyday and this is one of them that he gets .
this thing is unbelievably cheap , and it works . pretty cute.they could have used a better looking dog for the model though !
bachi loves this . right now missed placed . thinking about buying another soonsoft fun toy for cats pick up carry
i like this very much . works well , easy to use and less offensive for the dog .
these medium sized pellets are great for large-mouth cichlids . my acara and rams love them.highly recommended 5 stars .
this is a wonderful healthy product my four dogs love---and it is a relief knowing all ingredients are safe , natural , and non-toxic !
works fine . good price . bunny hates his nails trimmed but what bunny doesn't ? seem to be sharp enough for any small animal .
so far he hasn't ripped it to shreds yet , i am impressed my dogs toys only last for a few min's at most .
i couldn't ask more of this product . it gives lots of light and was very easy to use . i will buy this product again .
great dog toy for those that love to fetch or just have a toy in their mouth to carry around . long lasting .
i have used the " scoop free " system for several years and i love it . my cat does too and this added item is perfect .
smaller than standard.it ' s my fault though . i should of read the reviews or the measurements more.now it's just laying there .
this order was cancelled and not for anything done by merchant . i just was unable to do the purchase . thanks
love the new non-jingly tags ! they arrived in less than 48 hours and were everything i hoped for ! highly recommend them ! they're stunning !
doesn't drip much at all except after refill . dribble the ball in the spout a few times and that usually does the trick
this is an easy and fast way to wash your dog , without your dog fighting you not wanting a bath . great way to clean your dog !
i see what they're doing , but it's messy and creates unnecessary waste.there was nothing wrong with the original applicators .
great product , my dogs love the different flavores n easy to serve . no smelly odors good smells . have used for very long time
my kitty thinks she must have this for her dinner entree ! she loves it and i love a happy kitty too .
we use this on our dog and it keeps the fleas and ticks off . convenient packaging and easy to use . kills adult fleas within 48 hours
full size . very absorbent . not disappointed with this product . i would not hesistate to purchase this product again when need to reoder
for how much i paid its a decent kennel . you may want to reinforce the corners with zip ties to reduce the chance of your dog escaping .
great for walking my two dogs . i can carry my taser in my other hand for safety . walking is fun .
out cat loves this food and my vet recommended it . also a pretty great price if you do the subscribe and save .
the doggles are very well made , strong material . perfect size for my sch-noodle . my dog doesn't mind wearing them in car or outside .
never buy this product in anything less than 1/2 gal . i use this for all my water changes and set ups . you cant beat this
slightly disappointed , no sample came in the ball , rather empty and have to tape to prevent lid from coming off !
these pads do the job , but i don't like the feel and the smell of the liquid in the pads
bull terriers just love this ! ! both inside and out doors , they can play and chase it and bite it and its still going strong ! !
finally after buying all sorts of things and none really worked this does what it says and eliminated all the odors and leaves the carpet fresh smelling , thanks
might work great for dogs but the opening is too small for clumping cat litter clean-up , need something bigger for that
such a cute and happy toy . i have saved this toy in hopes that when my puppy gets a little older he will not destroy him .
my doggy loves these treats we have been road tripping a bit and they are a fine nutritional snacks on long car rides .
my dog still loves these treats and they are a good treat for him . i would recommend these to any person for purchase
there is plenty of room for filter media . it is very quiet . the flow rate is good . maintenance is easy .
these scissors are too small and hurt my finger . also , they did not make a clean cut . i threw them away .
another great cat toy ! the cats really enjoy the chute and love the crackling sound . such a good thing for my cats !
it's ok , if you have it in a smaller space area . it's not as strong as i would like though .
that about sums up what happens when i break these treats out twice a day ... they are dog gone , gone , they wolf them down .
my standard poodle is taking second day to lick it and inspect it . she is surprised , just like i was , by the size of this thing .
my dog loves these treats . i can not find them anywhere else not even pet shops . i cut them in half and give the to her
my dog enjoys these balls quite a bit , but we frequently have to take them away from her as the squeak is very loud and dismayingly durable .
these work great and don't require me to buy packages of disposable ones to throw out . they have held up to the washing i have done so far .
i have a one year old boxer who loves to chew toys . she chewed this up very quickly . not for aggressive chewers
my big dog loves these . natural bones are good for his teeth and i trust the merrick brand . highly recommend
my dog can be kind of picky about treats but he absolutely loves these . they're the perfect little size for training as well .
i , too , am having trouble finding them now . these work better than any other i've used and were reasonably priced .
just wish my dog would use it . i got this for my patio , but my little maltese refuses to use it .
my male betta loves these , as does his community tankmates . don't be fooled by the illustration . it isn't just for bettas . yummy for their tummies .
these are great but turned out not to need them since we installed a doggie door . but the sound they make can definitely be heard .
my aquarium stays very clear and the water stays in great condition with the use of aquaclear filter media to include the foam insert .
puppies love it , and the size is great for a special treat every now and again . wish more came in a bag .
bought for use at animal shelterthis was on their wish list as the cats love them.they were thrilled to have it
having 3 dogs that have undercoats , this brush / rake is the best one i've found . arrived quickly and in perfect shape .
use 4 of these in my 60g planted tank . supplemented with co2 my plant growth is bonkers . highly recommend coralife light hoods as well .
my golden has been gobbling these up , they are very good to him and i enjoy giving them to him !
i hide them in the snacks he gets & he doesn't even know he is taking anything different . noticed his fleas were less on his little body .
nice replacement for your main test kit , as i test for ph more frequently than others . it also comes with its own glass vile .
my puppy loves these things . although i didn't realize they were lungs . the one thing is that i wish that they would have lasted longer .
my dogs love the greenies and this large cannister is quite a good buy . i would highly recommend this product
my bunny didn't care for this at all . she didn't toss it or chew on it or anything ! i'm surprised !
my rabbit likes it . it has rounded corners . it's sturdy . i will buy another one when this one wears out .
i've never owned a drink well for cats but they love it and the aqua garden is super neat too !
works very very well . no pulling anymore . not made of very durable material , the dog chewed through it very easily .
my mistake , size is for a dog ( big ) with very powerful jaws.my dog found it ay yo heavy.my mistake , large dogs only !
i was really happy with the quality of this dispenser . the plastic is thick and seems like it will hold up for quite a while .
like the 3 stage media holders all with fine filter pad with each one fast and easy assembly and easy priming would buy another one any day of the week
i like to send christmas gifts to the pets , as well as , the people . both the dog and its mommy love this gift .
i returned this dog bed . it looked cute , but the dogs refused to use it . they prefer a more substantial cover .
this is so cute , durable , and fits like a glove . i would recommend it to anyone with a dog . great brand !
chihuahua's are almost prone to dandruff . i like how it moisturizes my puppies skin , and has a nice scent to it !
my cat and i played with this , i thought i had found a good toy , but within five minutes it broke . don't waste you money .
i have five big dogs who sniffed tasted and then dropped these ' flavored ' bones . they aren't all that picky . bummer .
nice convient and does the job have no complaints and see them a lot on walks they are convient and safe
this is a really nice treat for the guinea pigs and they seem to enjoy the crispy texture and flavor . will order again .
the treats are small and soft , so they're great for training . i'd definitely recommend them for your next dog class .
this is my second purchase of my brewers yeast i love it and so do my pets . i don't have the problems with fleas .
a good product but my kitties tell me its not very tasty . i mix it with food somewhat successfully but you know how cats can be !
deceptive picture , you only get 1 but description doesn't say that . you also don't get to choose the one you want .
quick shipment . easy to use test kit . i paired this with the reef test kit too . value in these kits compared to others
this one of my friends female calico , mine coon cat , ... keeps her breath pleasant ... she absolutely loves them .. i give her 4 throughout the day
works well until the bucket is about half full , then the water barely comes out . wish they would redesign it .
they are good size pieces . i break it in half when having him do tricks , but usually give a whole piece as a reward .
minksheen is my favorite , but this is good too ... keeps my dog looking and smelling nice in between her baths ... would definitely buy again !
the toy seems to be made well but our cat is not impressed - i'm planning to donate it to a local rescue .
my dog's love these treats ! zuke's makes great products and i haven't tried one that wasn't devoured by the dogs and price savvy for my wallet .
been looking all over for this product . thanks amazon ! ! i was putting 2 smaller filters together to filter the water and it didn't work ! !
i use this stuff all the time . as my dog comes inside i spray him and it hides the " dog smell "
have had other godog chew guard products which appear to be bullet proof . this one got chewed through in one day . might this be a defect ?
these treats are a good quality and price and have vitamins in . they do not make my dog ill but help him stay satisfied between meals .
this is great . works well and you can wash them out and use again . saves money . i just love this filtering system .
i got this for my dogs collar when i walk her at night so that cars can see where shes at . its very bright and light weight .
it's an okay thermometer , though it's not reading the exact temperature of the water , but this will do the job i guess
nice product for the price . it came fast and was easy to put together . my cat likes it . i would recommend this product .
good size , great durability , and quality toy . it withstood my rotties and i recommend it to anyone with a large dog !
i actually don't put food in this container , i use it for cat litter scoopings . lol it snaps shut to keep in the smell .
these are the most reliable wee wee pads . i have been using them since i first got my dog.they are stron g and never leak or break .
dogs love them . i use them with my two german shepherds . remember to have a variety of treats especially when training .
carrot slims ? what carrot slims ? my bunny absolutely loved these . the bag is long gone . i have to get more .
this toy is a favorite to kick . it is the second one we have owned . the first one finally bit the dust from all the kitty abuse .
for an outside cat and he just ate the food far too fast , but it was a good quality product .
perfect for our little dogs . not to heavy a lead and easy for them to have move without pulling too hard .
my alexandrine parrot loves his fruit blend , saved a bunch by ordering here ! will be reordering ! this is a great healthy food !
so easy to put up , and my lab just loves this to no end ! stores easily , pretty tough material considering his size
i needed another litter scoop and thought that this would be perfect because it had a caddy with it and i was rigth !
cat actually runs when i open this bag . i don't understand it , but i won't be buying them again.even the dog refuses to eat these .
have switched to these exclusively . they are better prices and better quality than the brand we were buying . buy them .
the product arrived on time . product always works as it should , but i think i will start buying at costco since i saw it was cheaper there .
these fold up so well to store , and they work great holding water or food . i use them at home and when we travel .
the hay smelled fresh and had the right green coloring , not faded or moldy . i recommend this have for bunnies , mine seems to enjoy it .
ive just discovered citrus magic products and i love them . i purchased several of the products and loved all of them . they smell great .
i have three kittens and they can't stay away for this toy the love it so much . i am so glad i bought it .
loved the product as well as the free shipping . that made it worth it for sure . i will be reordering .
these are sturdy and look really nice and match our kitchen . i'm happy with this product . easy to clean . i like how wide the bottom is .
love these tuffy toys these toys hold up for a long time . i can even recommend this toy for even bulldogs.mine like its size and durablity
had a cheap one before that the pins would fall out this one is much better and same cost as the p o s cheap on i got that broke
very happy with this product also . we will order this again . thank you very much . have a very nice day
our four dogs love these . i put one in their food morning and evening . sometimes i give them one as a treat during the day .
when my cat has ear problems i use zymox seems to work well.better than what the vet gives me .
always works well on my parrot if i happen to get to close ... :(
this product complies exactly what it promises , many debris are retained with this filter pad . the marineland products are excellent . recommend the use of this product .
our animals loved these chews . they are very possesive with them . they grab them and chew them up before the others dogs get their chance .
the xl wouldn't fit our 60 lb goldendoodle , so i was pretty disappointed . cute though , as long as you have a small dog .
i guess it's a good product . my dog had zero interest in it even representing it over 2 months .
keeps my bc busy . loves to play with this ball . one of her favorite toys . highly recommended . glad i purchase one .
it is perfect for my cats that like to play hide and seek . so far they haven't slept in it ! but my grandson loves it !
less rashy and arthritic ; shiny coat , but then she died suddenly one morning . wish i had fed her these from an earlier age.rip ole girl .
dogs love this chew toy , its actual beef so can get alittle smelly sometimes . but the dogs love it ! ! its a must
used on my 2 newly adopted barn kitties that arrived covered in fleas . it works . haven't seen any fleas since .
much better than the tennis ball type - - stands up to my two dogs ' chewing ! ! also easier to clean if you want to do that .
this is great stuff but i feel that i could use vaseline or chap stick . it stays on and helps the dog
our dog doesn't come when you call him , but when you say " greenie " he stops everything and runs right to you !
cats run all over this - they love it . i'm happy that it's so stable and hasn't needed tightening since purchasing
i like this because its fairly shallow which makes it easy for the cats to eat out of , its small easy to wash , like the design
amazing product . since i started giving my elderly arthritic cat this product , she has been able to move around with greater agility .
this mat is made of high quality material . it collects the litter great ! i use 2 outside of my litter pan to catch all of the litter !
have had my dog on this for over 2 months and have not seen any difference . he has dysplastic hips and is still sore after exercise .
helps dogs with fearful tendencies , toward their new environment . helps calm them in a new place if given to them bid every day
kong is a durable and fun brand . this particular toy has squeeker in top and bottom making it extra fun
my dogs love these milkbones - and i love that they are under $ 10 for 7 pounds ! will keep buying as they go on sale
great stuff for our 85 pound pitty . packaging was horrid . the box fell apart . we'll try again one more time and will update ...
great toy for entertaining your active dog . mine loves to run through the house and batting balls with this strong , endurable toy . hours of great fun !
i have used this toothpaste for years therebypreventing veterinary intervention for my dogs'teeth . the price offered here is the best .
my dog loves these things . she is a really big chewer . they are perfect for small dogs witch is what i have .
well the most important thing is the cats like it . if they don't they won't eat it . so approved by maggie , henry ii and samson .
great for my dogs ... couldn't get the other brand i've been using forever so i tried this type n looks n smells the same . cheaper as well .
i have one foster that has chronic ear infections if not cleaned and use zymotic once a week . now they look forward to the attention .
excellent price on these greenies . my pomeranians love them and don't even realize that these are not only good , but good for them as well : )
this was quite ineffective for my destructive and anxious cat . what worked was scratching posts . this is a waste of money .
i have two yorkies , and they both can easily eat from these elevated bowls . attractive and durable . i would recommend
i have two of these . they are comfortable in the hand and have blunt rotating teeth that minimize damage to the coat . highly recommended .
i use this mid week , between baths for my shihtzu and it helps keep his coat soft and shiny . the smell is nice too which helps !
my two cockatiels loved this toy . they destroyed all the stuff on it quickly . it provided lots of fun for them .
our mutt loves this jacket . he was a rescue and hates the cold and snow but he bounds around the yard in this one .
always order in bulk . you get a better price and compared to the other retailer like petsmart etc . you are saving !
this is another good mat for the door , or under the feeders since it captures the dirt , food , or water that falls on them .
they look as pictured however , my 2 very active lopeared bunnies didn't seem too thrilled with them and these rabbits chew everything . will not purchase again .
bought two of these for our two little dogs . sizing chart works just fine . product has lasted for years with no problems .
my dogs ate these in about 30 seconds . they were smaller than i expected so maybe it was my fault . however , i wish they lasted longer .
bought for my little guy to give him some variety . a good toy for a dog who doesn't have crazy strong jaws .
nothing special , just a good product . i like it , works as expected , holds bags as required . worth the money spent .
my dogs love them . these are the regular , brown kind , not the black ones . the black ones are more crunchy and these are more chewy .
my dog loves them . she waits for them every day . i don't have to try to force a pill down her throat .
my dogs like these . the only i don't like is that the smell is so strong . i'm not sure if i would get them again .
my three yellow labs love these treats and for me they are easy to handle and keep .
my cats really enjoy it . i give them chicken , beef , or chicken in the a m . , and in the evening they get seafood .
keeps the water in our tank clean and keeps our turtle happy and safe , so it does it's job correctly .
i haven't found a window in my house yet that i can install in but i stiil have two more to try
my cats love them but the onl problem is my cat keeps me up playing with them if they are stuck in a corner or something but she loves them
litter box cleaning is much better using the liners . it is easy to put liners in , scoop the litter and dispose of them
this product worked very well for our cat . expensive but well worth the money . we will definitely be buying more of this .
shelby , our red slider 30 year old turtle loves this food . now if we can just finish setting up her tank . she'll be happier .
live ` s up to it ` s name i started used this when my dog had hotspot it calm the itching down i would used this again
this item was exactly as described , super fast shipping and quality product . perfect for our dwarf bunny , easy to clean feature with the slide out bottom .
well i need to order more now . my 3 chihuahuas loved this stuff . i would buy again .
these calming chews are a decent size and perfect for a night-night treat . the bag contains a large portion as well ... good value !
dog likes them but they are a little gross looking . like they are made from a jelly mold or something .
looking for something to stop puppy from wanting to eat her poo . within 3 days , she smells and walks away . yeah ! !
my english bulldogs are prone to allergies , so i feed them organix dog food . this treat is a perfect compliment and i don't worry about the ingredients .
this dog food has relived the dog of the constant itching , dog likes the flavor and so do the cats great dog food
it is a big toy with many different places in the same toy to play with ... for the dog loves it's a must buy :)
i really like this brooms but inspect it miine was cracked and i could not use it as it would not stay on the broom handle
can't complain , i have two of these ... good quality ... both dogs are over 65lbs and the price is nice as well
this thing decides when and if it wants to deliver food . if you are gone , i would not trust it to feed my dog . returned it
my dogs go crazy for the squeak of this product . super durable and fun to even fetch with outside or in .
any of the real meat foods are so much better than the soy protein and corn meal foods . and at this price , it is a no brainer .
this was a gift to a feline sanctuary which was gratefully received . as far as i know , the cats liked it .
my cats loved this product . i feel i will buy this product again in the future . i hope this company never stops making this wonderful product !
the bird loved this and ripe it part and it all gone now and i would buy him another one one day
maybe i just have a lazy cat but he did not like this . it just sits on my floor . not a happy kitty !
works pretty , after about 3 months of using this , holes appeared but maybe it's due to puppy sharp nails . would probably give this product another try .
questionable at best ! i can not recommend it with a good heart . not really working as claimed . would not buy another
this heater does a great job , keeps the tank the right temp and works greatwould tell any one looking for a heater this works great in smaller tanks
our 70 + pound pitbull destroys a lot of toys within seconds . not this ball ! he loves it and it's holding up really well .
live by this stuff for water treatments . never had issues with fish death and they seem happy . cap iis easy to read with 5 gal buckets .
great item . my dogs love them . it keeps them content for 2 or 3 hours at a time . very good price also .
nice ball , my dogs enjoy playing with it and have yet to be able to remove the squeaker . good purchase
and my dogs love them . they hate taking their pills so these do the trick every time ! arf arf arf !
my dogs love these . i use them for training and extra special treats at other times , for desert for instance .
my love bird is on this activity wall throughout the date . i am so glad i got this for coco .
i guess my dog does not respond to these types of toes , she prefers chew toys . my german shep was actually scared of it .
this is a must have if your dog needs work on his leash manners especially if he / she is stronger than you .
extra heavy duty nail clipper 767this turned out to be a very sturdy , very nice doggy nail clipper . i recommend it .
this is one of my boxer's favorite of many many toys . i think i can say it's a pretty tough bird .
this is for our golden . a must have . works so well with her hair . she also loves it so its a win win .
what more can i say ? buy american made . it is a solidly made leash whose quality i can trust . amen .
our corgi is crazy for all the squirrels , never seen her so focused on a toy ! it also shipped super fast and is a great looking toy !
this heated up my 30 gallon tank easy and quick . maintains the temperature at a perfect setting for my turtles .
these are great . way less expensive than bull pizzles , but the dogs love them and they last a long time . no upset tummys .
nemex is a popular wormer for puppies with round worms . for this parasite if works great . i see results almost immediately whe i use it .
my dog cries and runs away when i bring this closer to him . i think , it is a strong chemical .
my dog likes this ball . my only complaint is it is hard to push in the button to get it to light up .
this product is the same as pre-packed ones . assembly is easy but the cost is much lower . good deal and good product .
i have two fish tanks , and im using one this , and tetra whisper filter for other one.this cartridge clogs up way toooo quickly than tetra's one ...
my puppy would not pee on these so they didn't work for me and if they would of use them it would of made my life easier
pekineses and shih tzu love them but they're crumbly like a cookie and it makes a big mess ... not so good for help keeping dog's teeth clean .
we had purchased the system in one of our local stores , love the product . i was excited to find this on amazon for a much better price .
my dog looks beautiful in this outfit . i did have to alter as it did run a little large . the pom poms on the paws are extra cute
gives the modest cats privacy ! it is lightweight and keeps litter off of the floor . a great buy for the ultimate littermaid .
i use this on my tokay gecko vivarium , it does what it says keeps the tank warm and the humidity up .
pulls apart way too easily . i have restitched the entire thing myself using heavier thread . shouldn't have to rework a toy quite so quickly .
cat loves this and this package actually lasted awhile :-) i'm not crazy about the pull apart pole though .
my dog loves this toy . he takes it all over the house . he constantly plays with it . like i said , the dog's favorite toy .
it took about 15 minutes to completely finish my dog's tangled and thick coat . it did the job better than anticipated .
this really works well and keeps the tank very clean . it is quiet too . i would recommend this to anyone . i am very happy with it .
11 month old labrador retriever had plug out and inside destroyed 1st afternoon . if you have a dog that tears everything apart , this is not for you .
my dogs love these , and the price is amazing . i have ordered as many as i could during this sale . happy amazon customer !
really just a poorly made syringe . do not get for cats and it is better suited for small horses . ,
price was right and it fits my aga tank perfectly . easy to clean and it came with the hinges on which is normally a nighmare .
dog does not like this brush . he will not hold still for us to use it on him even in the bath .
bought two of these crates for my puppies . they are sturdy and easy to clean . my dogs love sleeping them .
the quality of this mat was better then i expected for the price . i would highly recommend if what you desire a small basic durable mat .
great pan for the price . purchased it to fit into the designer catbox that is also sold on amazon . it fit great .
i use many other api products in my aquarium maintenance , and this pillow seems to really help keep the tank cleaner .
this is a good quality food and someone was really thinking because the kibble is tiny and just the right size for a small kitten .
gets the tangles out of our golden doodles fur . must be patient when you use it but it takes the tangles out !
this works perfectly on my mazda 3 sedan and now on my mazda 3 hatchback . i totally would recommend this product !
once i trimmed my pup's fur enough it proved quite effective in stopping the scratching from his allergies . i would purchase this product again .
i have an olde english bulldogge and she devoured it in minutes , ended up throwing it away because she tore it up ! ! !
i like it because it is a good weight and stainless steel.splash ? ok--my dog drips so it was not much help .
i have special dogs that can only have fish products and this is one of the very good ones . he loves it
my 5 month old gsd has no issues at all with this salmon oil . i am buying this product again .
this is a nice toy just way smaller then i thought it was going to be ... this toy would be great for a extra small dog !
i love this product have purchased before and will be getting again . you have to try this ! it really does work .
good design and manufacturing . my cat enjoy it . may be more interesting if two or more kitten plays . good toy .
well made , washable , freezable and so far , my 4 month old dobbie mix hasn't ripped it up . it's one of his favorite toys !
my dog liked this ball , and it's still holding up after almost a week of being chewed at and played with .
they are so easy to keep clean and never rust . you won't have to worry about spreading diseases among animals with these . love them !
my american bully loves this stuff . its like gravy for his food , but it is also healthy at the same time , great for his coat and skin
bought a cheap one last year and it disintergrated . this is good material and will not sun rot . dos love it .
very good idea . cats love to brush up against this .. back and forth , back and forth . 5 more words ... one two three .
haven't received these chews yet but do love the idea of a healthier dental treat then greenies or the enzyme coated ones .
i find this bag a good bargain . i actually break them in half for them , and it's enough of a treat .
cats love this and comes with extra bird and a carrying pouch , fits in wheelchair bag so when they want they can play
love love love this bed ... still have it and purchased a bit ago and bull terrier does his nose tuck in and stays nice and warm ! ! !
not sure what type of rubber / plastic it is but it will degrade and harden and it will loose its suction
we got this for our 3.5 gallon betta tank and it has kept the water at a constant 82 degrees ever since so we can't complain :)
we have ordered these before and will continue to do so because bailey loves them and they are good for her .
my cats love this item . they sleep on it . they play on it . they wont scratch my furniture instead they use this scratcher . excellent product .
ordered the small to medium size collars to fit my two miniature dachshunds . they are both at 10 lbs and the collars were way too big . unuseable .
have a chihuahua that adopted us . she loves these balls and is great for the grandkids to play with her .
this is one of two real products available the price was right and free delivery . works for me .
i have used this product for over 10 years and have never had fleas even when they swim during the summer .
i bought a 2xl for my dog , fits him great and he seems to like to wear it . i also like that it can be hand washed .
great portion sized food for my ottocats . doesnt cloud water or make my water smell . my ghost shrimp also love this .
my dog loves it and , best of all , he can't destroy it . all of the kong products we have have been great and extremely durable .
a nice big roomy covered cat box . my cat likes it and i find that i do not have to sweep up litter as often
i have this heater in a 75 gallon tank and so far i have had no problems it , my fish seem to be happy with it
it's been about a month now and my dog still has parts of this bone that he carries around and gnaws on . long lasting value .
this was great ! my boxer loved it , she outgrew it so we had to buy a bigger one , but i would recommend this to anyone ! :)
i use this everyday in my kitties ' food and they're both healthy ! so i'll continue to use since it's good for them and their needs .
my hamster loves the food . i purchased these on line , as the price of this food in the store was becoming cost prohibitive .
this is a good basic litter box--nothing fancy but it does the trick--i used it as a 3rd box for my 2 cats just so they have choices ;)
this product worked really well and our dog loves it . i would strongly recommend this for people with dogs , they need water too !
my dogs fight over them more than most of the dog chews we have bouught . they seem to be good for them as well .
seems like a decent toy for my aggressive dog . i think she is really going to enjoy this toy when we go outside !
i like this nylabone is softer and the dogs seem to enjoy the texture . i usually replace it every 6 months or so .
my cats all love these . i have three cats and sometimes they are finicky . however , every one of them loves these .
lasts very well , good for that time when the they are basically a set of teeth on four legs ! good value .
my cats go through these rather quickly.buying them by the 12pk is by far the most economical way to go.cats never loose interest in chasing " da bird . "
easy to apply , kitten sized so they are convenient , however , could be more cost effective due to the size of the meds involved .
my 2 shih-poo's drink their water with this product in it daily , and they both have great smelling breath's now ! !
my kitty really loved this . soft , secluded and cuddly . she was delighted . and i am too , seeing her so happy .
my rats ignored it totally , but this item is made so that you can skewer your own treats on the toy ... that will make all the difference .
i don't know how i functioned with all my foster cats in and out of the house before i had this . love it .
good high value treats , at a good price . my german shepherds are more attentive . i would only rate it higher if it were organic .
i like the filters just fine they are easily rinsed off and the water stay fresh longer than the other brand i used
works better than the spray for reducing stress.it was helpful in establishing the new cat in the house , with the old cat .
great collar . very reflective in the dark , which helps greatly because we have a black / white cat that loves to go exploring at night .
the motor wouldn't even turn on . it was a big disappointment , and we couldn't wait until amazon could replace it .
my groomer uses this comb . it's great . i order it and use it on my puppys face around his eyes.small and safe . i beleive there all sizes
my dog liked these chews , but to me they are way overpriced , so i found cheaper chews which the dog also likes .
this works and works quickly , have a puppie who likes the living room carpet and this does the job , it is great , will buy more if needed
it is for my dog it did what i needed it too do it is easy to use and i would suggest it to others also just great
pups are paper trained . they don't even have to leave the house . these big bulk peepads are a great deal .
love the baby blue color and it is very adjustable ! easy clip on with a lock position . my dog is in style now !
i haven't had one break or leak yet , so i say 5 stars ! will be ordering these in bulk my next time i purchase them .
this rooster has a nice loud rooster soundand it seems to be constructed well and holding up nicely . 5 paws from the dog .
dog didn't like the taste but he's very picky . ingredient list looks good and packaging looks good just can't review higher since the pup won't eat .
love the price and the quality ~ my vet told me about these products and my dog loves them . thank you !
we have four dogs and a cat and they all love this food . have purchased twice and will purchase again .
the best for brushing dogs and amazon price is much nicer on the budget than the local pet stores .
i like that this has natural ingredients slow-cooked in real broth plus added vitamins and minerals . very tasty apparently too because my cats really like it !
if you need this product or one of this type then this is a great choice . it has helped keep our tank very clean .
i have purchased other lights in the past and they were made rather thin and cracked easily . these are made sturdy enough i would recommend them .
these are my cats favorite treats . never have to worry about any being left behind . and normally they are more reasonable than most treats .
top quality reasonably priced - beautiful color and styling - am so leased and rexie looks too cute for words in it
i have a 3 gallon aquarium for my betta , shelton . the filters work great and last a long time , the price was reasonable also .
these wee wee pads work great for our puppies . they are finally getting trained as to where to do their business ...
... and all the cats come running . they love every variety of temptations , so i can't go wrong . they love this stuff .
our dogs wag tails and start bouncing around when this treat comes out . it's good for them and they love it . well worth the purchase .
great for our chameleon repti breeze , covers a good area for our pet to bask in the heat and move away when he has had enough .
have not used it yet , a little to cold out side and snowy , looks to be made well . hope it lasts .
this is by far the cheapest i have found the frontline preventative and i have been using frontline for many years . very happy with my purchase !
if the dog loves them and they don't give her digestion issues , they're fine with me . good purchase , i'll buy more .
these are good clickers for dogs ! loud noise , made of good quality . able to hook to a key chain if needed .
have ordered multiples of these 4 times . dogs are always excited to get them and we have had no problems with choking or anything .
the dog stayed in but the tray slid out constantly ! can't say anything about it's long term durability since we no longer have it ...
arrived timely and intact . cant believe that this product is no longer available . i love my littermaid.no more words .
this is a really good product for keeping aquarium maintained . great length for my in wall 125 aquarium .
perfect for both my cats . pour a 25 lb bag of litter and you are set to go and they are happy .
plan on buying again . it smells awful , but dogs love it and easily portable - easy to break into pieces .
does not work as well as amber technology derma nerve . my dog also hates the taste .
these check valves work as they are supposed to to keep potential water back flow from going into the pump and causing electrical issues . good product !
my ferrets , brooke and sophie , love how this paste tastes . they don't look at this as a " remedy " but as a treat .
got these replacement filters on amazon at a great price . the cats love fresh water and these are a must .
my dachsie is going thru a major chewing phase which means a new nylabone every other day . this deal was like getting one pack free .
kittens like it ! it works perfectly for two growing kittens . i would buy again for these active felines . fast service , excellent price .
good variety of opening adjustments . more than i expected.the two halves screw together . sometimes it's difficult to get the threads to line up .
was working great for the first two weeks but now it will not open up at the programmed times . an expensive item .
i love this color on my boy maltese . it stands out and i love the color ! ! very giving . he's 7lbs and fits a small .
we already had the fox version of this toy . it has held up to all the nibbling and biting our 30lb fiest throws at it .
what can i say great quality , dogs like to eat it and so good for them . wellness has such great products . keep up the great work .
the treat centers only last about 15 minutes with my dogs . i use the rubber housing to hold peanut butter now .
dogs can't tear it up and it is a great work out for them ! with 3 dogs i always have a stash .
my doggies are playful and love ropes , but this one did not last past 72 hours . i've had better experiences with other ropes that are longer lasting .
this stuff made my dalmatian sick . he threw up profusely shortly after i gave him two of the composure treats .
it works great and is all i use . a person that keeps fish this product is a must have in my eyes .
these filters work great in my lotus cat drinking fountain . they keep the water cleaner , than not using a filter .
so far so good with these thermometers . i use three now and all work well . easy to read most of the time .
this think work great , produces tons of little bubbles and keep taking crap out of my tank which is great
this thing is so stupid i would be embarrassed to let my friends know i even tried to use it .
love this . always in the car . it works great and is very versatile . thanks for an awesome product . planet dog makes the best stuff .
my condy is growing great using this and seafood bits . it doesn't throw off water parameters when dosed appropriately . i would order again .
this item is a great price my turtle love them won't eat anything else this seller is very nice will but again .
this product is simple to use , adding entire bottle to new tank , or if having problems with cycling of tank already started .
my two goldens love em . they chew on these nylabone things for hours . this is a great product and i will definitely buy more .
my 6 mo . old pit bull puppy loooooves this ! it's such a fun shape , and she loves when i shove goodies inside .
great for what its for . not flimsy and makes it easy to shift through the litter .
really like this dog brush and our doggy belle absolutely loves it ! i highly recommend any of the furminator animal brushes .
my 3 dogs aren't super aggressive chewers , but this toy seems durable . it's cute and they seem happy with it . that's all that matters to me !
i use these as my high reward treats when my dog needs an extra special treat . she loves them ! ___
dog loved them , past tense , since he ate them all . he never stops with these ... i would buy a few just to be safe
my dog loves this toy . she carries it around with her everywhere she goes . durable , washes easily . well worth the price .
this one wears a little more that the solid color collars . i wash it with every bath i give . still ok .
truly is chicken flavored . pets have no problem taking the capsule whole . also can be opened and put into food .
its ok , leaves a nice smell but thats about it . i used it a couple of times and ditched it .
served its purpose . the veil that comes with it was impossible to attach appropriately.ended up ripping after one use and returned it .
the product really works . the dogs feel much better with it.if your dog is constipated it helps them.it has made my dogs feel much more energetic .
i have tried other types of food to feed my pond turtles , but they are picky and like this the best .
extremely happy with this purchase . very quiet compared to others i've had in the past . would highly recommend to anyone with more than one bubbler .
my chihuahua loves these treats . i like them because they are low calorie , which makes them a good reward treat .
thank you for the fast shipment . my kitties love this item . the catnip that comes with it is awesome , will buy more toys
i bought this for my 8 week old kitty and it seems to work . she has no fleas and i'm happy .
my puppy still has too grow a bit to fit into it but i love the bandana . my kind of style .
the cats love it . the downfall is that the batteries don't last long and are not fun to change . good toy , though
these are great for small dogs or for training . all good stuff in them too .
smells good ( as far as a litter box can ) clumps well , cats like it and it does the job . just clean box daily
the pup loves this toy . his iron jaw is kept busy for large blocks of time and it's safe for him to digest .
ive had my turtle for 7 yrs and she loves this food . shes big and healthy so what can i say ?
i got tired of ordering the small bottles of this stuff . it works great and i use it every water change on my two 55 gallon turtle tanks !
these filters do the job are easily cleaned by rinsing with warm water . no need to replace as often as suggested .
these bags are big enough for the kitty litter box we own . the cats are happy . we are happy for them .
great puppy treats . we put these in the kong toy , either whole , or crushed up and frozen , as was recommended , which our pup loves
my dachshund loves this and the price was awesome . 7 pounds for 10 bucks is better awesome . will buy more when i run out !
my puppy needed his ears cleaned wasn't sure what to use so i bought this . i like it because it doesn't put off any odors .
my dog doesn't love the taste of these , but i like them because they're lit which she needs because of her allergies
i switch within ziwipeak dog foods with my golden retriever . she's never been sick , always feels great and i know i'm doing the right thing for her .
watson , the pug has rated these . and he is very happy that i , his minion , with the help of amazon , can satisfy his craving .
this product is great especially when you have two cats . controls the order which is wonderful . will continue to use
my 5 year old rescue loved this toy , he is very shy and tentative but it was the perfect size for him to get comfortable with
i bought the larger size for my puppy so he would have enough space as he grows . he feels comfortable when traveling with more space .
very sturdy but my chinchilla just does not like it for some reason , she is hooked on her applewood flavored twigs .
i really am concerned about my dog's breath and teeth and this is an easy way to help keep him from having dental and breathe problems .
merrick does such a great job with their dog food . i have a rat terrier and a chow - retriever mix and the both love these meals .
my cat is 14 years old , and she liked this food okay , but she seems to do better on the grilled variety .
stays closed , doesn't fall off when i take the dogs out to walk , and makes it easy to get the bags out when i need them !
this does work well , i can tell because the dog stops limping when he gets this on a daily basis .
love all the little bells . secure the attachments with permanent glue to keep them from breaking loose . thinking about applying glue over the color .
much easier than poking holes in capsules . my dog seems to like it mixed with his nightly beef stew .
this is a really neat collar . my dog loves it and you can wear it while mowing the yard . great
all my cats clean their bowls when they get this one . there is plenty of gravy and the ' meaty bits ' are a perfect size .
my dogs are small but they are big chewers . nylabone products are great for the busy puppy or dog . they wash up and are long lasting .
this was okay for my keet but she still likes her cuttle bones the most ! the orange flavor was interesting to her .
zukes are tasty and healthy ... the best of both worlds ! they offer many varieties and they are all amazing .
my toy pom loves this . it's fun to see him stick his nose in trying to get the squirrels out .
this is easy to set up and extremely quiet , i love this product i will let you know if i have any issues with it in the future .
better than natures miracle , this product is family made and is a great product . it did a better job than natures miracle
best way to get your cat to stop begging to drink from the sink . i think she drinks more . love that it lasts a few days .
my pup likes these but they get bored with them . i have to hide them for a while and take them out again
compared to the other l-lysine treats , these are great for the money . my cats eat them and like the taste .
i read alot of reviews on this item and they seemed good . unfortunately mine was expired and being salmon oil i wasn't taking a chance .
our dog loved these treats . they were however , short lived . they disappeared within 10 minutes . very expensive for a treat .
i love that they are all natural . my dog loves them and i know it isn't filled with fillers . thank you
the only problem i have with these cartridges is that they rely too heavily on carbon filtration . it's ok for beginners i suppose .
my dog loves these . they are little and do not contain too much protein , which is good as she has kidney problems .
great scooper for my mal shi . it was the perfect size . very friendly to use . the quality was great . love it !
this keeps my dog off the floor and clearly defines her space . well constructed product . would highly recommend this product .
great donation item for the animal rescue . per pound price is affordable and ingredients are better than some of the other cheap brands .
these were made well and a good product , they just didn't fit my particular dog clippers . amazon took them back and helped me return them .
no scent . clumps efficiently . can get a little dusty if litter is not changed after a few weeks .
this collar is high quality and the color is perfect.the golden likes it and it looks great on her .
kinda disappointed in this product didn't make my puppy relieve himself as expected . chalking this purchase up to my wishful thinking that puppy training could be easier .
it's a typical small net . nothing special or spectacular about it . i would buy it again if i needed a new net .
just the right size.my chihuahuas has yet to rip this up . i love the ziptop . the babies are 6lbs and 3 lbs and couldn't get out of it
my cats only ate 2 kinds ( chicken and beef ) . so i thought i better warn potential buyers because this isn't cheap ! !
cute but not the size for my puppy , it is too large ! and my puppy's neck size is too small and she need the xxs one
all of my cats like it . it is a quality dry food . of course , always keeps clean fresh water available at all times .
it really works . removed stains from when my dog was a pup that the steam cleaner wasn't able to remove .
my 2 year old boxer-pitty doesn't like this ball . it's too big . he showed his disgust for the ball in the way that only a dog can .
my dog likes these and takes them as a treat . so having a pill i don't have to smear peanutbutter on is a good thing .
i've been using this product for yours , for my aging dogs . no complaints , dogs like it and that is fine with me .
i was very happy with this product and so were my dogs . would buy again . no mess and made in the usa .
pill pockets are wonderful . i use to struggle to get pills down my dog's throat . using pill pockets makes the dog think she is getting a treat !
dog loves them , but i don't because they cause him diarrhea and extreme gas :p
i bought them to give them to a friend's dog . they told me their dog loved them a great deal .
my dog loves them . she plays with them , hides them & chews like crazy . it's so fun to watch her with her dingo
although the dog brush did do the job , it was so difficult getting the hairs out . i went back to the comb or the self-cleaning brushes .
very pleased . my tank is clear and my fish are happy . easy to use and it keeps my tank right where it needs to be .
this was perfect for what i wanted it for . very large , sturdy , and squeaks ! also , it is a nice high quality rubber .
this finger tooth brush is perfect and easy to use over a regular tooth brush and the price is good for a great product , thanks ! ! !
i buy the larger size treats in the large bag and just break off pieces for my small dog , saves money rather than buying the small size .
matched my living room and both my dogs love it - super soft and quite large and hasn't aged a day in 6 months
the ball-like nodes of this toy are perfect for the dogs to sink their teeth into and chew into bits in minutes . will not be buying again .
this item was purchased for a fund raising event . so whoever won the gift basket with the dog bowls i hope they are happy .
i think this works ok if you are using on a smaller tank . the power savings using led's is a plus .
great fetch toy ! ! ! squeaker is loud and exciting to dogs ! ! came as the picture shows ! plush outside and good quality stuffing inside .
the cat loves them and i've noticed a reduction in hairballs over about six months . she can't wait for her morning treat .
i didn't catch any fleas , but it caught other bugs . i just started my dog on a new flea treament and now have no more fleas .
second time ordering . my dogs looooove these . they won't stop chewing until they finish the bone , even if it takes hours for the little one .
an excellent crate . the doors allow access from all angles . the size is perfect for my medium size 55 lb . lab .
my three monsters love their water fountain . - easy to clean - large water capacity - quiet - easy to put together
very happy with this . sturdy construction and easy to read . mush faster to use and clean than either glass or swing arm hygrometer ( and more accurate )
this is a nice collar is you have a female pup , i would recommend this to anyone who has a small dog .
just started using regular peanut butter . this is in a nice tube for dispensing but it separated and even after kneading it doesn't seem to mix well ?
we struggled to find natural dog treats that wouldn't upset our boxer's tummy . these are it ! both dogs love them and there's never been a tummy issue .
there are cheaper options available , but this works well and is easy to hold onto . this is the one i use most .
my cats love this but i had to tape it several times ... it falls apart quite easily . it was offered at a great price .
i have 6 cats so when one is sick and they need to be separated i use this cage . it is spacious and easy to clean .
i have 2 one for each chihuahua and one works and one goes off at randomnot the best but the other one works great
works as expected , keeps my 75 gallon tank at a steady temp . would recommend to anyone else looking for a heater .
nothing bad can be said about this mouse . kitten loves tossing it around . good construction , nice looking for a stuffed mouse .
my pit mix doesn't seem too enthusiastic with this brand . i'm gonna buy her orijin and hopefully she'll really like it . good quality dog food
my puppy loves bacon strips , but won't touch these.waste of money . won't buy anymore treats until i'm sure she likes them
this is a sturdy example of a standard ' scissor ' style dog nail clipper . it is sharp and allows a quick cut with minimal crushing .
it is just too expensive , but my dog loves it . when it is on sale i would definitely buy it .
i use on my dogs face and around the eyes works great , love the clean smell easy on dogs eyes .
what can you say about catnip ... zzzing ! cat seems to like it . lasts longer than he does.ok - - 4 more words required . seriously ?
shipping was fast . the spring broke before i could clip my dog's nails . it was less than $ 5 so not much loss there . cheaply made .
since the ball is the same size as a tennis ball it can be replaced easily without paying the premium for a chuckit ball .
very good for deworming cats and dogs at home and cheaper than going to the vet . my cats don't seem to mind the flavor .
my conure likes this toy a lot so i will be buying this again for him when it wears out .
this is th second one i bought . needed a second cage , got a second top . works great for a guinea pig .
good price , good valves , simple and easy to install . that's really all there is to say but i have to meet the word requirement ...
my cats will play with it , but their interest is short lived . it is the same reaction each play session ...
easy to clean and my 3 siamese actually use it ! they are all drinking more water with this fountain . this is the first fountain they actually use !
stores enough for a couple of days . the cat gets what he needs she he needs it . it is less messy than his bowl .
nice smell , and good to know there are no harmful chemicals , but i noticed that after a week to ten days , its not as effective .
dog plays with it but he really likes the squirell one better . just gotta watch him cause he likes tearing them apart
i liked it very nice . my dog loves it too ! it comfy for her and she curls up on it all the time !
my dog really loves these things and devours them right up.he is a small size 18 pound bichon frise.he recommends them .
my lab stops whatever he's doing to follow the hand holding 2 tbonz into his crate as i get ready to leave the house .
well made . does the job for those late night walks . the reflective stripe really stands out . i love to be able to buy made in usa .
it never warmed up . my cat never loved this at all ... i left it connected for hours ... still nothing , so sad
i use this for a golden retriever and it is holding up just fine . this was a better price and product than i could find locally .
i got a few of these works just the way its suposta was a bit smaller then i was thinking but im very happy with it
i love the chuck it ball , my dog loves the chuck it ball . no complaints , it is our # 1 go to ball to play with .
i would prefer it to be double thickness ; two thicknesses stitched together . would make a huige difference for a large dog .
some of my dogs favorite toys . they are very durable for repeated use . these are not chew toys they are fetch and play toys .
total waste ! does nothing but stir up fleas ! i never write bad reviews but i just had to tell the truth . sorry ! save your money !
my cats love these . is there anything else to say ? they come begging every time i even walk by the shelf where they are kept .
easy to use and " sam " seems to like . vet suggested i start giving him omega 3 after i had ordered it .
my cats loved playing with this toy , but unfortunately , they tore it to shreds in a about one week .
this is the type of toy my cat likes she doesn't care for other types and will not play with them
the cat uses it instead of scratching prohibited items such as the couch or the carpet . the catnip helps teach the cat where to scratch .
i love these rounded scissors . they are a most have for anyone with pets ! like i said , great product ! a +
these are too big and thin . cats want to eat it but have trouble with it . will not buy again .
i'm told that the kitties at the shelter were quite pleased with their " christmas presents " and had great fun chasing the toys all over ! !
tough toy i have 5 boxers and they love these i will order again thanks they last a long time
nice warm bed that two cats can fit into if they feel like it . i like that it's washable although i haven't tried washing it yet .
unfortunately my cat's go after the gravy and leave food so i have had to add a regular can of food to it .
this is a great chew toy for our puppy and was much cheaper than the cost of what it was in the chain dog stores .
my dogs really loved this and so far it doesn't have any holes chewed in it . it's perfect for them to shake it and throw it around .
works very well and am glad i don't have to open anything first to get to the dang scoop . cool
we love the cow its so cute and my dog just runs around playing with it . you can't go wrong with any of the multi pet toys .
i love the smell of the inside of the house which doesn't smell like a pet shop .. lol .. very good quality product .
thicker than the average poop bag on the market . the light scent masks poo poo smell . worth the price . thumbs up .
my dog loves this toy . he rolls around with it and flips it and chases it . it has lasted a while too .
my dogs really like greenies.they were an excellent deal on amazon . they were part of their christmas gifts.they need to be supervised when they are chewing them .
very well made . originally ordered a medium , but runs small . ( be sure to check manufacturers sizing ) . cute ! cute ! cute ! cute !
helped the dog out very well until we got a chance to get her to the vet . got to us very quickly too , thanks .
my dogs love this and enjoy playing with it . so far , they have not destroyed itand iot is holding up pretty well .
he ate it ! sorry but it only lasted about an hour before he ate a third of it . had to take it away :(
the door keep fall off but other then that it ggggrrr eat door sticker hard cum off 2 strach from cat it off
i love it ! the leash is soft and easy on my hands . also , very durable , washable , and the colors are great !
this toy didnt hold up to my heavy chewer pit bull but great while it lasted . wish it was a little tougher
amazon price and convenience + tasty nutritious roll dog food . my dogs like it better than more expensive roll foods .
my year old lasa loves these treats and they don't upset her delicate tummy . they arrived quickly and i plan to order more soon .
this is a very good size . i have a kitten and she has no problem getting in and out of the box .
feed my birds this mixed in with entune pellets and they all like it .
works great ! smells good . actually makes my puppy coat really soft . i use them to wipe her feet after walks . wonderful =)
they are necessary parts when you have a pet fountain . easy to install and take out . not much to like or dislike about them .
flexi is a great brand and the cost was half of what it was at petsmart . great product , good deal .
the hood will not stay on my dogs head . its too big and i took the time to measure my pooch .
good size , great price , and it stays put . i much prefer this to loose bowls since they tend to get overturned and dragged around .
my cats do not love it , but will eat it until they get tired of it . it does seem like a healthy cat food .
not the highest quality pet food , but my cats love the taste . we feed a tablespoon or two per cat at night for a treat .
i've been very pleased with everything i've purchased from kong , but for some reason my dogs aren't interested in playing with this toy .
the dog loves it and carries it around . it stands up to a lot of bitting with no damage.great toy
i have three mid-size , jack russell type dogs and all three of them love their new outfits for the cold weather and the rain . thanks .
i thought these would be bigger as it didn't say how big they would be . it would be nice to have a size listed .
was a good price for this medicine so why not buy it here i figured . seemed to work fine . i would buy again .
this is a great new formula ! we have an older chow retriever mix , a rat terrier and a chihuahua all like the simple turkey formula .
would be better if it were a little thicker . but it's ok.might try again or look around for a different brand .
not only pretty , but functional ! nice idea , well put together and my cats love it . came very well packed and arrived quickly .
quality looks good , but my finicky eaters will not eat it unless i pick up their dry food . price seemed good as they are the larger cans
doggy likes the water , the water is good , and good for the doggy . he drinks a lot of water lately . good doggy !
for us and our poodle , just didn't work at all . not sure why , used as directed , didn't make a bit of difference
have had this lamp for a while and love it ! i can see a positive difference in my green iguana ! would definitely recommend this item .
my fur babies love this treat . and it keeps them very happy cuz they get them and behave better because of itrl .
these ball fray easily and fuzz everywhere . the squeaker goes out fairly quickly as well . i will not order again !
my cat will take nibbles of it but he will not eat it all . i think he does not like the texture of it .
classic toy - the kitties love it ! i could make this but it was pretty inexpensive and lasts long enough .
don't know if it works really . my dog likes it okay to drink.helps to freshen his breath while we work on the tartar problems .
i can not use the clippers this trimmer really works great and i can do all my dogs nails with it .
fantastic material for my dog , who is an extreme chewer . she loved the squeaker on the inside and the ropes for playing tug .
better the wrist launchers , better then throwing ! it's easy to swing and throw the ball about 200-250 ' best there is .
my small dos really get a kick out of this . it's a good way for small grandchildren to interact with small dogs and not hurt them too .
this is a great product . my cat loves it . he actually likes this more than the feather too da bird but my other cats like da bird better
my dogs just love this . washable , squeaky , loves to fetch ! ! !
works on petsafe under ground wireless system collars and this was a very good deal . opens and closes with ease .
my two cats are very finicky , and they love this collection : i am glad because veggies are in there , and they are getting a healthy meal !
these are cute little toys for a puppy their the right size . not only that yellow seems to grab a dogs attention .
works well as advertised ! i would suggest that you get this because it's an excellent product and works as advertised .
thought it was a little expensive but a year later and he still hasn't come close to chewing it up
my dogs love smaller toys that they can easily throw and roll around , but within a couple minutes these toys had lost their squeeker or popped
is holding up so far but should not be sold as a large dog toy its a medium at best
the only thing that i find difficult is opening the bags--can we get a pull tag or zip-close ? otherwise all is well !
it is a wonderful product , but unfortunately it was not the size i needed : ( my dog is broad chested yet small .
i have 5 dogs and so we go through alot of chew toys and bones . i've always loved nylabone products and amazon usually has the cheapest prices .
the neat and dry are smaller and thinner than other " premium " brands - i won't buy again and certainly wouldn't recommend .
love this lupine pattern and can't beat the quality . a very vibrant peacock pattern , looks great with my dogs lighter fur .
it was worth a try ... my kitties are quite quirky with their food tastes ... i dont believe i can blame weruva .
this item works well provided you follow instructions and shim up the bottom as suggested , especially if you have large dogs .
i am using it for pet food . air tight , looks good . i buy the food in 17 lb bags .. plenty of room .
it didn't work for my pups but i know they have lots of issues that may be better addressed through meds .
my 3 cats love , love , love greenies . any flavor will do . they know the bag , and come running , and yelling for them .
i doo feline rescue and this product really helps the cats after being altered and also if they are undernourished .
pj's are good , they were just a little long for my dog . he's able step out of the back legs .
for the money you can not beat this heater , it is dead on precise and a great value for the money .
the best constructed cage for cats . easy to clean . works very well with clip on feed and water bowls . i have four of these cages .
i bought this for the local humane society as it was what they put on their wish list . i am guessing they like it .
my greyhound has lost several teeth and cannot chew hard biscuits ... these soft chew per perfect for herinability to enjoy hard bones .
they work famously . they're easy to grip ; very sharp . couldn't ask for any more . i do animal rescue so these are a must for me .
make it so much easier to take out the water no more scoping out water
one of my dog's favorites . they have a stash of toys to choose from and this is one of their favorites
comfortable to use and my dog enjoys it ! it is a nice size and i like the cover on the blade area ! love it !
my picky pugs eat these without problems . there is no more of the sniffing for minutes to decide . they have been great in training rewards as well .
my little maltese has a few toys from this compay . they are a little big for his size , but he absolutely loves them !
ny dog would not eat them . gave them away to a friends whose dogs loved them , my dog will not get these again
actually arrived as 2 3 - packs , but that's fine . works well on the dogs as advertised .
love this toy - unfortunately my little doxie ( mad chewer ) was able to tear him up :( so sad about that .
great product . attach it to my dogs harness and snaps right into the seatbelt and gives the dog enough room without worrying about him jumping out the window .
not a bad item for the money.however , it was too small and not worth sending back . my mistake in the measuring .
my dogs really love this food , and they eat it all iti really like diamond dog foods great product
not for aggressive chewers ! but he did have fun for a while . he tore it apart , and tried to eat the cloth .
my ferret loves these that is the final vote . they have little bells inside and are perfect size for carrying away to his special hidey hole .
used this on a leather recliner , and am very pleased that it protects the arms so well from cat claws . the neutral color is also a bonus .
cat loves these , but there is no difference in the amount of vomit that i am cleaning up so i quit ...
i like the product for my dog and it was easy to put together . it is great for her to lay out and sun herself .
the bowl is easy to wash . it's perfect for my 50 and 70 lb dogs to share . the plug and bowl are sturdy and easy to clean .
this de-matter is just what i was looking for at the price i was happy with . it does the trick and is made very well .
my cat did not like it and this is the 3rd different hairball product i have tried . i guess i will have to keep looking .
my golden took a while to get into the idea , but then decided it was a good way to receive good treats . item as described .
i don't like it , my dog loves it , as with all natural balance pet food.even the treats are her favorites ...
this is a great product and a great price . it shipped quickly and was exactly what i needed . good deal .
great value for the price . looks great and easy to clean.good size for our two smaller dogs . highly recommended .
cool product but the sizing is off . bought this for my dog but it was too big according to the instructions . had to return and buy another :-/
this doesn't make my shi tzu like having his face trimmed , but it certainly helps me avoid poking him when he wiggles .
my kitty loves the taste of the product . it helps with his digestive system and cured him from bowel issues .
great for odor and medicine removal from the aquarium as a whole . i wish it was less messy when rinsing .
my dog was able to completelydestroy this toy in about 20 minutes . if you have a dog that is rough on toys pass this up .
my dog seems to love it ! & the best part , its huge so it will keep her occupied for awhile !
these bio-chem stars have helped with the ammonia control of my heavily stocked 75 gallon cichlid tank . get em , you'll swear by them .
my lab loved this initially but it doesn't stand up to tug of war--won't buy another one because it tore apart too easily .
because is a good product and not easy to find . my dog loves them and its his favorite snack in the morning
nice variety of a dog treat that is one of my dog's favorites ... crunchy and good tasting ... she loves them in combination with the soft treats .
works as advertised . holds knotted poop bag well and velcro is a smart idea .
takes a little while to chew up , and my dog seems to really enjoy them . too soon to know if it helps with tartar .
this was a treat my dog loved very much . they are very thin and did not last as long as i might have hoped but a happy purchase .
this is a realy helped our pets be happy and friendly very nice product abit expensive but is worth it
wonderful product works like a charm . dog loves the flavor . had no problems applying product to dog's teeth , notice improvements with a couple of applications .
my dog no longer smells like she regularly bathes in a portable toilet . praise baby jesus !
i got this for my daughter hugh dog it is very large great for any large breed dogit was a great buy
our two large dogs really enjoy these marrobone snacks for treats . we've been using these treats for years since our dogs enjoy them so much .
just a little smaller than expected \ described . nevertheless holds a meal on the go .
it ` s not really the kind of toy i expected from kong , the rubber is very soft and it tears pretty easily
my dog loves blue buffalo , she is very active and just the right weight , won't use any other food . i like to mix flavors .
hides well , heats well , strong , well built , i'd buy again . i like that it doesn't have any glass on it .
i love api test kits . this one works very well with my reef tank . i also ordered a different test kit that does magnesium .
this shampoo smells soooo good . i did a lot of research on bathing products before getting our puppy and will only use earthbath
parakeet loves the millet , it's a giant bag so will last a while . packaged great , good quality and am going to reorder in the future .
i purchase as a matching set with collar and harness . this is a great product and i would recommend to others .
good for training because each treat is so low calorie and healthy . my dog loves them .
great toy for dog . my boys love to flip them around the house so you always see birds a flying !
excellent quality at a great price ! my 5 puppies luv it , hang it from something and watch them go for it !
it's not bad but my dogs took a second to solve it . maybe they are too smart for it :) .
my german shepherd loves the backpack , when it is using the backpack , it feels that have a job and responsibility to perform .
used this for many , many years . never had a flea on the cat or in the house . expensive , but fleas suck ( literally ! ) .
got rid of my cats * * stomach issues * * you know exactly what that means . i switched him gradually . now he eats only this .
i can find this product in the store but it costs moore . i will be purchasing the food all the time
my baby cat loves these . they break easily but my cat seems to enjoy playing with them a lot ! :)
this bed seems to stand the test of time - i have it in his crate and he hasn't ripped it to shreds yet
my cat has a tumor in his lung , and sometimes he is not interested in cat food , but he will always eat this .
kane loved tis for christmas ... he is a german shepard , he has had them before but they are hard to find in our area .
these filters help keep the water fress and clean . have two dogs who really love the drinkwell plat vice their old water bowls .
bunnies don't sit in their pee , keeps them healthy and dry . super easy to clean . has made my life so much easier . dream come true .
i keep getting comments on how white my dog's teeth are . i always tell them about the greenies . could probably hawk them on the side !
works well , and the only brush our dog isn't afraid of . we use it while giving her a bath and then later that day .
from the reviews i can tell this is a very good dog food , but my very picky chihuahua was not interested at all in this food .
my dog cannot talk so i don't know if this product is working or not . i must assume that it is .
... dog will let me use on her teeth . works well and easy to use with or without a little bit of doggie toothpaste .
shipped on time , my dog loves the taste , i fill her old bones with this and she stays busy for awhile .
my bird loves this , and he's very picky . for me , it smells just like nuts , so i like serving it .
great price and all of my dogs love them . they have multiple flavors and they are hard so it helps with grooming the teeth
had a few fleas get on my cat and i got this and treated the house after treating her . no more fleas or bites . i love amazon
when needed , i will buy again ! ! ! have not had any complaints yet , still relatively new in my tank , but seems to be working .
my dog has been eating these from the day that we got them , he loves them and we do share them with his friends .
these are a favorite chew for my dogs . they love all the flavors and i've not had any problems with them .
use this in the 2 new kittens beds they sleep together and the bed stays very warm all night long .
this ball is super bright and well made . only complaint is that it takes about 20 lbs of pressure to turn it on .
my guys love it ! a deal for sure . lots cheaper than buying the 5 lb bags in the store . i'll definitely buy again .
i use these to keep my little dachshund dogs from falling out of golf cart . ingenious product ! thank you , inventor and amazon !
my dog loves this product ... he now eats his dry dog food with no complaints and there is a visible difference in his coats shininess !
i am currently using this for my 10 month lhasa apso . it is small when rolled up but it is long enough to cover him and keeps him dry
i use this with the feliway spray to relax my cats and help with my one kitty who has an irritated bladder . works well .
these fly really smooth and far . they are easy on your dogs mouth and teeth , my dog loves to chase the frisbee .
are great for dogs with incontinence , beautiful colors , durable and practical . easy to put on and wash . my dog   does not notice that wearing
it really works on pee stain and odor from pets on carpet . love it , i share it with friends and then they buy it too .
i only give it a four star rating because i can't stand the smell of them . but my five dogs love them
just ok - not as expected , way too large for my 10 pound dog . returned item - no problem , amazon is the best !
this throw has been great for using in the back of our jeep . put it in the day i received and there it's stayed .
i have to limit access to the cupboard where these are kept , or the cats will go nuts and eat them all .
there is not another pellet that compares in quality to oxbow . it's the only food i will feed my guinea pigs .
i use these to dry off my golden retriever after his bath . i have to use all 3 but that's why i ordered the 3 - pack .
i really like these clickers because they are audible even with lots of background noise , but are not so loud as to startle easily frightened pets .
this product is the same quality you buy at pet stores but a much better price . very happy with this purchase .
easy to put together , , kitten uses the big one in other room usualy . but the size was manageble for smaller areas
have not seen any worms in the dogs poo so assuming this worked . i was seeing long white worms prior to using this ..
we use this product with three older dogs ... it seems to help a great deal . i will likely order again .
i should have red the description closer because this little kong is sure tiny . my dog loves it but next time i would get a size larger .
better than i expected . it folds up like a book , no clips or ties to install and remove . i highly recommend this product .
my cats lick the gravy off the beef but do not really seem to like the meat . they are pretty selective in what they eat .
no matter how i've tried to sneak this to my kitten , he won't eat . so no way to judge how product works
clipped my dog's nails effortlessly . made in the usa . high quality . since replacement blades are available , i imagine these will last forever .
i bought this for my dog's 5th birthday , and she loves it ! and i love it too ! super adorable ! yay ! !
i love this ear wash . it has a nice smell and it does a good job cleaning my dogs ears .
this toy lasted approximately 15 minutes as my 7 month-old wheaten bit down on it . i do not recommend .
these filters used to be sold at petco , but not any longer . it is great that i can get them from amazon when i need them .
works well . it didn't break down tangles or anything special . however , her coat looks nice . i will probably continue using it .
my 6 month old kitten enjoys playing with it from time to time when he wanders by it . it's easy to put together and seems reasonably sturdy .
this worked well to get my puppy to stop eating her poo but it made her stools a little runny .
my dog love taste of the wild . she is healthy as can be . i switch between salmon and wetlands formula each purchase .
breeding is hard to follow and with guppies hard to plan ahead . i will try to use it when the time comes .
our dogs go absolutly nuts over these treats . much more so than any others . they are super expensive , but for a special treat they work great .
in rotation with her other dry foods , kitty loves this . i like the raw nuggets mixed in ( so does she ) .
this feeder is perfect for my dog . it is plastic but very durable . i exchanged out the plastic bowls for metal ones . would recommend to anyone .
made in mexico was a huge disappointment . probably won't order again because of that . my dog will take these , but there not her favorite chew .
we did a little test with the wellness grain free cat foods and the chicken and herring won by a landslide . my cats love this stuff !
a brand also recommended by dr . fox . mixes well w / other wet foods and table scraps . both dogs healthy at ages 16 and 9 .
a gift for my daughters spaniel . my daughter swears by this product and will use no other . would definatly recorder
this is the same thing the vet uses . i can avoid a drive to the vet's office to pick some up
i will buy again ! my dogs love these balls . they go around the house chasing them all the time . they are quite entertaining .
she loves them . each one has its own odor , and she loves each new bone like it's the fist time .
i got this for my fish and turtle filters . works great and worth the money , i am very happy and will buy more when i need it .
great for treating water for water changes or for starting aquarium fresh . i prefer seachem safe as it is cheaper to use in the long run .
my dog loves loves loves this ... she is a very aggressive chewer and this is suits her well , very indestructible and worth every penny
the mutt loved these . the ingredients are natural and not complicated . being grain free means no itchy pup either . great treat !
still in one piece with a bulldog , the squeaker seems to have xtra protection around it to hinder the dog from tearing it out so quickly .
returned this product . it did not fit the clippers i had . thought it might work for my horse . the blades were too big .
great price , adorable color , great fit . no problems with this or the seller at all . would highly recommend if you're looking for a collar .
we love milk bones for our dog . we break them in to smaller pieces and offer them as training treats as well .
sadie loves these . she is very picky about her treats and she just loves them . good ingredients . soft texture . perfect for putting in kongs .
my cat loves these catnip mice . he goes crazy chasing them around . it is nice that it comes in a 3 pack . good quality .
well , i pulled the tabs as directed , but there was no squeak from either mouse . no squeak , no way . very disappointing !
my dog measured 26 " and the velcro doesn't hold them on . i had to buy safety pins to get them to stay on .
this fountain works great , our cat loves drinking fresh cold water all day long . this is very well made and have a very low trickiling sound .
works good eliminates alot of the smell , just a little high priced for amazon , they usually beat locals here ... would by if in a bind though ...
i tied this mouse to the fridge door on a piece of elastic for a simple toy - my cat loves to have a bash at it !
this is a quality piece . it fits my dog perfectly after a little adjustment.the reflective parts work real well .
the 15 year old cat loved these . unfortunately there were no more available after the first order came to our home .
this product came as described . made tank freshen easy and painless as everything fit as it should . better price than local pet store .
this works well on cats or dogs but takes a long time to work out all the matts on longer haired breeds .
my dog likes retrieving treats from this toy . it is durable so i don't worry about her breaking it during play .
my dogs really loves these but they are a bit smelly . i didn't realize what these really were until recently .
cat is now drinking from the fountain again thanks to being able to find the filters . the price is right also
i keep buying these , the quality is good . i try to keep my stock up on these . will buy again .
basically a hand strap and a connector . exactly what i wanted . seems to be of adaquate quality . i do recommend
these are just the right size and my pups love them and they really do work ! their breath is great
one of my dogs like them but the pickier one is iffy with them . sometimes she'll eat them and sometimes she wont .
great toy to keep pup busy in the crate . load with food or treats and they will stay busy foe quite awhile .
my dog is a picky eater . she likes the other beneful foods in the tubs , but not this one .. likes the chicken flavors way more ...
my little dog loves these , and they don't make her itch like the chicken does . will be reordering for her , thank you !
our cat likes getting groomed with this but not all the time . we so it after we use wet wipes for cats instead of a full bath .
these are very nice collars just not as tough and thick as the martingale collars , but do have a great warranty.great color choices too .
my dog loves it enough , that i've bought 2 more for friends as gifts . easy to clean , fill and replace filters .
this item arrive with one of the yellow handles broken off . can't fix it and can't make it work . these are not very strong
seems to work well . the filter cartridge opens so you can change filter media and reuse , i wish they made a bigger model .
for some reason this is the toy ( among many ) that my puppy seeks out . it is well made and is holding up well .
my two havanese really love these ! they are very expensive , but my dogs are worth it .
must say i was surprised but my dogs love playing with this and my austrailian shepard pup adores it , it has entertained him quite a bit . thanks
my 15lb cat uses this under protest , it really isn't big enough for him . the 4lb kitten and 6lb female like it just fine .
i like that it's natural but after a while my dog decided he wouldn't eat it unless he had to . picky dog , but food is good .
our cat is crazy for this . the flexible tip is very strong , she dangles from it and it hasn't broken .
these are more like chihuahua or cat sized . will not be able to use for my dogs but otherwise they seem to be a great product !
my cats love this not sure why since it looks like dry wood and sawdust . i feel better giving this to them then just plain treats .
the do have a strong smell , but after some play it goes away , my cat fetches the ball and brings it back , a nightly activity :-)
much better value and product than the kong mini meaty treats . good size for training and they actually smell pretty decent , too .
make sure you get the multi cat , the other one doesn't smell good . very little dust , good clumping . i really like it .
i didn't care for this harness that much because it kept slipping to the side of his body and wouldn't stay put .
good stuff . easy to use and great for keeping your blades in top condition . i would definately recommend this product for clippers .
this stuff is great ! i use it to wash my floors and my dogs blankets , beds , etc . never an odor afterward .
definitely functional , just seems a bit flimsy , like it may not hold up , but i could be wrong , the next 6 months will tell more .
bought these refills to have on hand . i don't think we could ever go back to using any other system . litter genie is awesome !
have reviewed in past . excellent treat for dog daily . loves it and helps keep teeth and gums clean . good price thru amazon .
this heater works well . i have a large tank 60 gal and needed something large enough to heat it . this heater did .
i bought this as a gift for teh crazy cat lady in my life her and her cat still use it !
work well , however , i have to throw one out every time i clean the filter as is doesn't come completely clean .
we upgraded from a nail in the garage wall to this cute leash hanger . now all we need is a third dog !
all of my 26 cats loved this banana . they carry it around in their mouths and howl.wish i would have got more of these .
all three of my cats love this food . it's a little easier on the wallet , has no animal by-products , and doesn't stink to high heaven !
when our dogs hear the sound of the package when opened they are right next to us in a flash , they enjoy these alot
i am not sure how well this product actually works . however , the amazon prime price is a lot better than we get at the veterinarian's office .
they are big enough and i like the ties , makes it easier then trying to tie the other kind of bags .
my dog loves these treats ! and i love that you can break these in half , so they last longer than other treats .
does not last long and the squeekee comes out too easily even if you keep them from chewing on it .
if your cat is playful you will find that every toy in this multi-pack they will love . great and inexpensive purchase for hours of play .
a mistake i won't repeat ever again . after switching to this , my pooch began to lick his paws and i never realize he was allergic to it .
this is perfect for my little kitty . glad i was able to find a can holder for the smaller , 3oz cans . works great and saves space !
my cat loves this food and i love that it is gluten free and healthy ! getting the 12.5 ounces cans is a lot cheaper !
somehow in a move i lost the ball that was included in the senses track . these worked perfectly for replacements . my kitty boys love the senses products !
didn't last all that long but she went at it with passion so it was worth the price just wish there was more to it .
it was a nice leash , well stitched , but had to return it because i purchased to go with a puppia harness that was way too small .
bright colors that are washable ! love it . the collars are easy to expand and i feel safe with it being velcro
have trid many flavors , types of food . this one does not make my cats throw up or have the runs .
my cats love this above all else ... no other toy even comes close ... will stock up on them - just in case ...
these supplements seem to have the best balance of nutrients . my puppy thinks they are treats , and chews up his daily half tab without complaint .
i needed to get four to provide the light that i wanted for my 125 gallon but two would have probably worked just fine
i would prefer a double thickness for this leash . it would make a huge difference to me and i would be glad to pay more for it .
my dogs love this toy and it has seemed to survived with a boxer , english bulldog , and english mastiff . that's saying something .
my cat couldn't finish a can before it started to smell really bad . i had to switch to smaller cans in my next order .
i saw one of these used for cat training and i thought i might try it on my cat and dog
the quality is very good and , depending on how often the cat catches " dabird " , they will usually last for a good while .
my cats like this food and it seems to be good for them . they look and act very healthy . i am pleased .
my two dogs tug at this but they tend to chew the strap where it joins the ball and can eat through the strap eventually .
sensational tool for quick and easy , pain free , stress free means to maintain my mini schnauzers chest and tummy matts
the toy is durable and fun to play with . i put a treat in it and he spends hours trying to get at it .
i wish my puppies would chew on these , but they are too hard . super cute though ...
i like this but i prefer the oatmeal conditioner on amazon instead . the smell is wonderful however the other oatmeal conditioner is better
of all the treats that i give my cats , this is their favorite it seems . they nearly take the pouch out of my hand !
this stuff works better then any carpet stain remover ive ever used.it really really works .
i have a very hyper kitten . this does help in calming him down so that he does get along with the other cats .
the reason why i gave this product 4 stars is because it is a little small . it could be a little bigger to be more user friendly .
our large breed dog loves these treats . and has to work for them , which i like that it takes effort for him to get them out .
love this little kitty house ... had a feral cat live in it this winter on my back porch . great product and easy to assemble
i use it at home for my 5 ferrets and on the go with my bunny who is working on therapy pet certifications on the go
i had to use more than the recommended dosage but after i figured out to use 2 scoops verses one , i saw the results with my dogs.very pleased .
i use this for my pet food cans - it's perfect . it was inexpensive and does the job . they also wash easily . great value !
i love the small size , but the cage itself is weak and flimsy . i don't recommend it unless you have a small dog .
the outer material seems too dense and the inside is just too compressed with gelatin . my guinea pigs ignore it while enjoying their other toys .
perfect size for our sweet little westiepoo elliott , i am going to buy more of these soon since he loves them to play fetch .
we switched from grain type dog food as doggie was gaining weight . seems to have helped . doggie energetic and healthy . doggie is mini-dachshund .
product helped during pet introductions , travel , and transition to our new home when we moved . doesn't bother my cat when he wears it .
this product i bought for the smelly dog i don't like with some dogs . i found the spritz was nice smell and stubby loved it also !
perfect little toy for my 10lb mini doxie ! super cute and very soft and plush . every dog needs a stuffed rhino !
i brought 3 of these for my weims & german shorthair . they all loved the shape of this toy and it is great quality .
didn't hold up as well as i had hoped . lasted a little longer than cheap brand stuffed toy . stuffing was torn out in five minutes . :(
the classic pate . why deviate from good old cat food ? my kitty prefers this stuff to other canned food , even the fancier stuff .
while my dogs absolutely love the gorilla , they broke it within an hour and he had to be thrown away .
maybe it is just my cats but they only would play with these for a couple of minutes and then totally ignore them
this makes scooping a whole lot easier , less smelly and cleaner . i have one upstairs and downstairs and eliminates all those trips to the outside trash bin !
unit was great until the motor died after six months . a replacement motor from manufacturer costs more than the whole unit .
easy to change out , does an excellent job in filtration and amazon has a better price online than i have found in the stores !
this pouch does the trick for training . it has 2 pouch compartments inside and an outside pouch for holding poop baggies .
my cats love this and salmon is the first ingredient . there are more additives than i would like . however , the salmon and chicken ingredients dominate .
this was a great price for a product that my cats really enjoy and that makes me smile . excellent service , too .
seem fine for my dogs . they do love them . i think i will buy those again . they also were a pretty good price .
this is used for my rosy boa and it works well , we keep it on a timer with a clip on lamp
this is the only gear i found that would hold my dogs weight . haven't used it yet but looking forward to taking her for a stroll .
my cats love the dabird . these refill heads have actually worked even better than the original that came with the toy .
our new kitten immediately took to this post , it's better built than most and more attractive
this one is still surviving after a few weeks , which is good with my tough chewer , but the stuffing and some appendages are gone .
all i have to do is shake the bag and my cats come running . they love all the flavors from temptations . will order again .
cats love these , and you will want to keep them on hand , it was great to be able to order them on line .
my betta ( splash ) loves hakari gold . he enjoys looking at the package almost as much as munching on the pellets .
my dog is so picky when it comes to treats and bones . he is a year and half husky . he loves this treats .
my cats have no interest in this at all . it looks like a good toy but they dont like it .
haven't had the need to use it yet but is the same product used by our vet . better to have it and not need it
really like the gentle leader for training my german shepherd rescue dog . there's no way i could control her with a regular collar !
a must have for your dog if you travel great to hook onto the crate and deep enough not to splash out ( too much ) when they drink
i purchased other belts after this style didn't work . the other brand was wonderful and this went , right in the trash
this product is very good . they stand behind their product . it really works too . you must try their other products as well .
i do not think this product does anything to calm my anxious dog that i rescued from the spca . i have wasted my money on this .
wow lots of bubbles of air for my fish ! good product but very fragile so be careful connecting the ends ..
we have 4 dogs 3 boston terriers and 1 collie-australian shepherd . all the dogs love these biscuits but we give them sparingly because they are made from wheat .
helps my small dogs get on the king size . bed , folds up easy , and is well made , great for my medium size does also
i think they're the only reason my cats pay any attention to the play circuit at all , the light attracts them .
love these for the pups . we are a repeat buyer of this product .
was too small for pup as my pup has a lot of hair and the harness was too thin so the harness was buried in his hair
love , love , love thus product . i recommend it to anyone with pets because it really works ! for dogs or cats this stuff is awesome
it's not cut high on the bottom , so you'll have to fold it up to let your dog go to the bathroom
nice and compact so it doesn't take up a lot of room . works perfectly for our small ( 5 gallon ) salt water tank !
i bought the small bowl for my toy poodle . it's held up very well , is easy to wash and stays in place on the floor .
i like salt , my fish like salt . with this product we can always have just enough salt , or at least test that there is anyways .
timon liked green ... or should i say her mistress did , so one had to find green toys , nowtimon did not destroy then ...
my cats love this fountain . i tried a different fountain and it leaked all over . so far this one hasnt . may purchase another one .
i love this cage and it works well with the expandable guinea habitat . i bought both of them and they are great .
i personally can't tell you how these taste , but my cats seem to love them . great can size . great price .
if you are in the market for a great dog bowl that can take light abuse , this is it . very durable .
i have every size of these . my yorkie likes to rip the legs off so all that is left is the head , arms , and braided body .
seems no better or no worse than other products . funny thing though , i actually think bulk msg worked the best .
love it and so did the alge fish that cleaned my tank thanks it was very useful for them too .
my cats love the da bird , especially this super refill . would highly recommend this toy for any cat people out there .
this is all my dog will eat . not having to go to the store and carry it to my car is an added bonus .
works great , have to immerse it in water for 15-30 min prior to turning it on to get the maximum effectiveness , keeps the fish happy .
i have the yellow duck also and they aren't loud enough . my pup prefers the yellow squeaky duck that he has .
my 1yr old cat and 6 week old kittens love them & it's funny to watch them play with it .
nice color and not too heavy for a pup ! reflective stitching is nice too . slightly brighter pink in person . would buy again -
my little maltese likes his raincoat because if he's not getting a bath , he doesn't want to get wet . he's so fussy .
the dogs love it - of course any chews are good but these are great . they are in dog heaven .
our dogs love these dentastix chews . we usually give them several times a week and they seem to be helping with my yorkie's tartar .
had one of these for seven years with good results . the dogs and cats loved it . it started to leak so had to replace it .
chinchillas get way too hot way too easily , the lack of ventilation could kill them ! this is not suitable for chinchillas .
this stuff is a real hit with my cats . they love to eat it . i put it in their favorite toys and they guard them jealously .
made of very good strong materials . our lovebird loves the new cups . i would recommend this product highly to bird owners .
this is a great toy for anyone who has a dog that loves squeakers . who could ask for more than 13 squeakers ! !
i love these crates . very well made . i purchased a soft midwest quiet time bed for the bottom and added comfort . my pups love it .
it worked for several weeks but then wouldn't turn off . returned for refund . remote not as convenient because the same button has several functions .
i have three boxers and they love this bed . they all fit on it and sleep together every night . will order again .
i like the gates but sometimes they will push the gates and get through . so i have to block it with something .
they worked and fit the small toy . i used it to replace a squeaker in a dog toy . not much else to say .
great cat treats , vet recommended . i wish they sold bigger bags of them . my boy loves them ... happy cat , happy me !
milk bone maro snacks are always a winner in our home and i'm happy to find a big enough jar that will last a few weeks .
this is a great product for dogs that are used to wearing clothes . my dog however just ripped it off .
great product - my car interior is light beige and keeps my dog's paw prints from getting on the seat .
my dog thought it was good but hard to tell how much i had for training and the roller got stuck . i might try it one more time
our shy kitty loves this thing ! she'll even come out of her shell and forget that we're there - someting that's a joy for us all .
i wanted a small bowl to clip on my great dane's harness . at first i thought it was too small but it has worked out perfectly .
i use these for my dogs because they are smaller than the dog ones and i only give 1/2 a pill .
the birds love this . we feed a lot of birds all year long . even the woodpecker enjoys this selected food
my kitten is not very finicky about what he'll eat . how much he eats is the key to knowing how much he likes something . he loves this ...
it is very stable and sturdy . i like that it is lightweight so that i don't have to be hercules to carry my cats with two arms .
cardboard with an ugly box liner . the " ball " inside is made of paper . one scratch and my cat ripped the thing up .
i bought this item hoping my cat would lose some weight . day 1 he's pushing it around , lets see if it keeps his interest up .
he was mesmerized by it and even tried to chew it up . unfortunately , it stopped talking after a couple of weeks .
works great and the adjustable feature is nice.the product was just what i was looking for and the price was right . a + + +
great snack for you dog without giving something fattening . they are small and super for training . i would definitely recommend them .
my papillon had this destroyed in 20 minutes . had to move to kong extreme toys . fun while it lasted . not made for a chewer .
my dog loved this treat it was crunchy and that is the kind of treats that he likes . i will order this product again .
fine product . works well . grasps the cuttlebone firmly and holds it in place nicely . would gladly recommend this product . five stars .
nice bag , can wear on waist or use the clip on . clicker is loud enough for dog to hear . good deal .
unless you have a full sized suv don't buy this product . it doesn't even come close to fitting in my buick rainier .
works good , in good condition . dang my water is hard ... i had no idea ! it's great that it comes with it's own tubes as well .
has held up quite well to a lot of cats scratching at it . has lasted so far 6 months . great product
pros : fits , works , filterscons : not as ' tight ' as the originals - are a pit more ' porous ' . they work though .
these treats look like black licorice and the dogs love them . amazon's price can't be beat !
easier to use than brushing my babies teeth love to just put in corners of the mouth and rub on the gums
this lead keeps my puppy safely tethered in the back seat for trips to the vet . it is adjustable and works great .
i have a heavy chewer . she loves this . i've bought several different nylabone chew bones . great company and product . she likes the different favors .
this is a great harness . the straps are thick so it is easy on the ribs and easy to slip on . love it
the collar looks great and doesn't snag when my lab puppy scratches against it .
i have had this water fountain for my cats for many years . the pump just seemed to be dying on me so was happy i could replace it .
these treat bars are okay , my dogs will eat anything . rather expensive , just wanted my dogs to try this brand .
this product will uncloud the water ; it is better than plain charcoal . great for goldfish and other messier aquatic animals
works well to get a dogs attention . i keep it on a lanyard by the door to make sure he comes right in .
this is not very powerful . it barely runs two small bubblers in a 3 gallon tank . i'm quite disappointed in this pump .
my cats love these ... they even bring them back for you to throw again as they are soft and easy to be pick up by them !
since using this i have noticed better color and better growth in a variety of aquatic plants . would recommend this product to everyone .
small , low calorie and , seemingly , great tasting . my dogs aren't usually into dry biscuit type treats , but these always get their seal of approval .
hey , you can buy 10 of these what they charge for 1 in the states . so use until it clogs then toss .
my tiny little dog loves this toy so much , he drags it all around the house and to bed with him !
if there is one toy that levi can't live without it's the kong wubba . these guys delivered on time and with great customer service .
bought these with the chuck it ball thrower for our smaller dogs at the shelter ... they about wore the volunteers and shelter help out . they love them !
i always have a long haired cat and " his " burgundy colored velour lazy boy recliner attracts fur so i am always using mitt on it .
seriously , they love it . very easy to use training treat ; much more nutritious than any other treats we have found .
this is great for my elderly cats . i can see a difference in how they move , jump and activity level .
can't get to excited about it except it does the job and makes it easier to clean up . have always had a pooper scooper for my dogs .
leash is genuine leather and of decent quality . it is very stiff due to being brand new so you do need to give it time to loosen up .
i run with my dog , so weight matters . i love this concept , but man is it heavy compared to other leashes .
looks cute and is made well.but this is not for small dogs . i wish it was much smaller and softer .
i've been feeding this to my 4 dogs for years now . my dogs are thin , muscular , and their coats are shinny and odor free .
this is priced well and well made . small pet usage best . highly recommend . this is made to last with good care . shipped fast too .
my dog loves loves loves this silly ducky ! ! ! she will walk around all day with it in her mouth - way too cute ! ! !
good strong secure leash . bright color so you can see it at night . this can be used with a matching harness . i would buy again .
very cute & exactly as described . it fits easily on my dog's collar . i would definitely buy this item again .
as expected , this arrived fresh and in good condition . would have done 5 stars but it didn't take long for my super power chewer to inhale it .
my dachsunds love this toy . it is one of their favorite . it's small but this seems to appeal tho them .
cute for a smaller dog , but if you don't have a miniature dog , get a larger size . i like the fact that it doesn't have stuffing .
this treat is the right size for rewarding good behavior . we now even have the next door neighbors dog involved
really solid and well made . easy to use and clean . definite two person job . i used it after a tartar removing spray highly recommended
my cat , yoda , loves playing fetch with it . , .. it's easy for him to pick up with his teeth and he loves fetch
for some reason my kitten ( 5 months old now ) prefers these to all the other cat toys . these are great
my cats love this . unfortunately my maine coon tore it up in two days . i will still reorder but not let my cat carry if off .
these are princess ' favorite ! great price and great size too . should have ordered more . she has to have one every day now .
very nice looks great fits perfect cats love it . i can use it in or out of the pet carrier .
this item is sturdy and just what we hoped it would be . our cats use it often . will definitely buy another in the future .
when i bought this i thought maybe it will do something . but this product really works . my tank has never be cleaner .
my cats love them , too.the crinkle sound doesn't bother them at all.they are so soft and nice and well made and such a pretty blue .
they are too small . need to cover the sides better . will use what i hae , then go back to the original tidy cat pads .
purchased this and my puppy has yet to use it for it's intended use . it's well made though and will be a easy clean once that actually happens .
these antlers are the perfect al natural chew toy for strong jawed chewers . they don't smell or stain either :)
this was a splurge buy for the cats and it has been well worth it . they play , sleep , scratch , and stretch on it everyday
helped my old dog very much . she is now walking a lot easier and doesn't seem to have as much pain .
the turbo scratcher is popular with my cats so i'm glad to find refills for the scratching pad . they will use it for a long time .
this frisbee flies great and is soft so that it doesn't hurt my border collie's mouth . he loves this toy ! !
our dogs are crazy over them as they beg us to feed them for their treat . they ate and wanted more ...
my dogs love these , and i agree that they're far safer than rawhide chews . i just wish they were available with subscribe and save .
looks good in the family room and the cats use it as a scratchboard ;) note : it's made from recycled cardboard ... & not wood .
bought these for my maltese and he wasn't interested in them at all . he likes the stinky bully sticks instead , ugh ...
i am very happy with this test kit . but i have to get my wife to read it because i am color blind
no cover to take off and wash . would need a major commercial machine to wash these beds . really poor planning on majestic pet products part . big disappointment
works like a charm . my poodle's eyes cleared up within a few weeks .
i just have to say the word cookie and she knows where to go to find them . my dog loves these treats .
well , still barking , but still adjusting so maybe that is our problem ! we hope once we get the right setting it will work .
loose teeth , allergies , choking . be kind to your pet , stay away . these things should be taken off of the market ! !
this is the real deal . it works like a charm . it took a couple dozen throws for the clamp to loosen up . now it's perfect .
we ended up using all the pills in a few days and our dog still had fleas afterwards . did not see any results .
must have for sports competition . fair price for this simple , useful device that allows for precision leash management - where others are overcharging .
the battery runs out fast ... was a waste of money . neither one of my dogs took interest in it at all
i like mini zukes because they are the perfect size for rewarding my dog during training . plus my dog loves them , and works hard for them .
great for long term restraint . keeps the cat from feeling ' trapped ' and he can still interact with the family .
3 dogs , 2 aggressive chewers and the ball is intact with no rips , tears or chucks missing . good quality and pretty sturdy .
this is such a great kitty gift . toys are really good quality . makes a great gift for that cat in your life .
bought this as a replacement collar . looks like the original and you would never know the puppy chewed the first one up ! lol
works well in my freshwater tank . have had great success with canister filters . will probably not go back to the hanging type
the pureness af3 3 - pound auto feeder is great and easy to use . no problem to keep it full and to clean it .
good product for catching the litter . love that is has so many grooves . doesn't catch all , but still would recommend it .
broke after one use . our dog is only 45lbs . do not buy unless you want your dog to get away .
we bought this for our outdoor cat while we were on vacation . worked great ! seems to be of good quality and a great price .
i thought the whole thing was hollow , but only the middle part is , so it's hard to get treats in and stay in .
its something that is totally different so it does keep the birds occupied for awhile . i don't think i will purchase another .
seems simple like you can make it yourself for pennies but the price not bad for how much kitty loves it .
love love love .. get it . you won't be sorry . great quality and workmanship . a + great product indeed.and really cute .
very durable and withstands a lot of chewing and carrying around by large dogs . my labs think these tuffy toys are the best .
bought this for my trashcan that i mix saltwater in . works way better than the expensive jager that i bought for my display tank .
the elephant is cute , but not as sturdy and lasting as some other kong dog toys i've purchased before ; disappointing .
these work fine for my chi . i do have hardwood floors and do not have to worry about protecting carpet .
my german shepherd loves this one ! great toy and long lasting . i keep it in our rv for him to use because of the size .
we really like these in our tank . they look good in groups of 3.color is just right . not too bright .
i was using frontline on my dog and wasn't getting any results . started using advantage and must now say our dog ike is flea free :-)
both of my cats have allergies and will scratch until they bleed when they itch . this clears it up almost immediately .
hurley toys are awesome toys for the dog who normally chew and tear up everything i have order in the past and will continue to order
my cats love this food ! ! ! they ate it up in minutes . even my picky eater . i will be sure to buy it again . :)
in the past i ordered another brand and when i saw these i decided to try them . they are ok not as good as the other brand .
my yorkie puppy loves these spiral tendon treats . it is his all time favorite and his teeth stay clean .
great toy to excersise your dog . she would play hours if my arm didn't get tired of throwing for her
this does not work on persian cats it is totally worthless product . i am sure it hurts the animal as well and they may end up biting you ..
comfortable in my hand and triples how far i can throw . i think i can make it go a good 50 yards . we love it !
somewhere i read that this door will work for sizes up to 15 lb . but it is really too small even for an 8 lb dog .
these replacement filters came quickly and seem reasonably priced . i'm not a fan of this drinkwell pet fountain and will not be getting another .
pretty sure this is good stuff but not all cats react to catnip and unfortunately i think my cat falls into that category .
my 80lb puppy love love loves this toy , he will chew it for hours and he loves the noise it makes .
not worth the price . does not function the way it was described . debris easily gets caught in motor . difficult to clean
these diapers didn't work for us ... the poop came right out of the hole where my puppies ' tails come out ... i only used these once ...
adorable idea but not a good toy for a chewer . it lasted us about two days before i found it in tiny pieces .
better than regular tennis balls . i do like the all rubber ones better though . they don't hold the slime as much .
i had to send the first one back but they sent me another real fast and it works perfectly love its very easy to use .
my ferrets loved these so much i got 2 ! they love to hide from the dog in them to tease her !
my cats adore this brand of cat food . the come running every time they hear the lid open . i recommend it .
my cats that only eat dry food seemed to like this one for some reason . it has rice and veggies and is more healthy than other brands .
wonderful addition to any dogs diet . it is good for their heart health and keeps the coats gleaming . have used this with all my lh dachshunds
excellent ! crunchy , 100 % beef nuggets - - a healthy alternative to those biscuits and treats with no nutritional value . my dogs love them !
my dog loved the food . our vet was ok with the brand . great selection of flavors and pricing . thank you .
my lab mix loves this toy . unfortunately she had it apart and " gutted " in 3 days .
works well . great for the price . not sure how long it will hold up . i will update at a later date .
i know that my dudley will love this . he will get it on xmas but what's the odds he won't like ' " treats ? "
ive purchased many over the years . top quality . most are thin and flimsy . not these . i always buy the larger size . so worth it .
nice small pieces for a small to medium sized dog . figures she would like it better than the cheaper brands !
just shake the bag - your cat ( s ) will come running . in my house we call this stuff kitty crack - they're addicted to it .
works as advertised . i now know the temperature swing in the fish tank . good quality .
this is the second round of these litter boxes for me . i think they are fabulous ... and the cat likes them as well .
my dog well , he doesn't love it because he's used to free roam of the yard , but it's a perfect size for him . would highly recommend .
good for tanks with very thin glass .. but anything larger then say a 20 gallon and it falls off .. magnets are just not strong enough .
is the only dry food my little dog will eat ! he always knows when " his " shipment comes in ! it's a happy day at our house
my dogs love this . my male dog always destroys all his toys . this braided one took forever for him to pull apart .
washes beautifully and we have the turtle neckopen to give our dachshund's neck some warmth.not scratchy and easy movement .
bought it to spray on furniture to keep my puppy from chewing on the wood . he licked it off . not the effect i was hoping for .
my dogs loves these treats , i will buy again i have 2 dogs that eat one every day because they love them .
my boys ( cats ) love their fancy feast ! i like the variety . throughout the day my kitties remind me that it's time for food !
couldn't have picked a more durable puppy toy . i think it was a wise choice in funds spent for a miniature toy breed .
my girls get this stuff , glucosamine , and seameal regularly for their supplements . in return , i get shiny coats and happy dogs .
a good shampoo for dogs with sensitive skin . it is concentrated , so you must mix it with water . it will last a long time .
use this for my cats water . love the colors and it is big enough to hold lots of water without flipping over .
this is an absolutely well designed tie out ! i'm outside a lot so my two new puppies can be close to me and also play without getting tangled !
these are the best things since mom's apple pie . i now have 10 of these so there is not fighting anymore .
my cats have no problem eating it . i give it to them without breaking it . they think it is a treat :) will buy again !
and its good for them . i try to have a variety of foods for them so i can mix it up and keep meal-time interesting for them .
fits so tight you can't get it off . not kidding . get a hill's brand from your vet . they are free .
my cats love this brand of catnip in the banana and cigar forms . unfortunately they don't touch this toy very much .
this is my third review on these kyjen egg babie toys . my silky loves these and the little eggs are her favorite .
these are so perfect ! i use one as a shelf , and the other for my cat ... both uses are working perfectly ! !
my doggies love all three of these varieties , and they really help keep the tartar off their teeth . i will continue to buy these for my girls .
works great . it's a quiet little air pump for my 6 gallon tall cylinder acrylic tank on my desk at work .
buying freeze dried dog food on-line is not such a great idea . the food came crushed up so i won't be doing that again .
he likes to eat this dry food for more than 1 year and naver had digest problem . always wait for me to serve the food :)
very nice crock dish . i use it as a water bowl for my two cats . washes up beautiful ! dishwasher safe .
perfect shippingjust as advertisedwish the wouldn't have tapped itbut just perfect hose for my tank and my hho gen
dog responds to it well . good for if you want to clicker-train your puppy or dog to learn basic commands .
i always but these in bulk as i have three dogs and a lot of neighbors who need these for their dogs . great price !
this is the only stuff i use ! it smells great , works great , and makes me feel like i've made a worthwhile purchase .
well made , and handy for the little areas on my little dog's face . very sturdy , and easy to hang on to .
my turtles ate this up ! ! ! my red eared sliders have beaks and i believe that helps knaw them down amazing
great product , my pet loves to lay on his bed , and by moving it to his crate , made it very easy to crate train my pet .
this seemed to help my dog with his itching , he has course fur and would always scratch but the pill seem to just crumble when touched .
i did expect it to be a little bigger , but , it does what it should be doing . the cats don't seem bothered that it is there .
i love these . they're a good deal , biodegradable , and you get a lot . will definitely buy more in the future .
super fast delivery , and the best food for my cats . i recommend this food to anyone who wants a really healty kitty .
i've used potty pads since they were all babies . bella dislikes the snow a great deal , as much as she dislikes going oiside women it's super hot
this is a good price and and it's exactly what it says it's going to be . good job ! word 1 .
really makes a difference to the awful denver water . the chlorine smell is gone and the turtles are more active and eating better .
the repellent didn't work to good she was still scrating up the bed and chairs in the house , used it all too
i received the wrong color and it shreds easily . didn't bother to get the right color as i wasn't that impressed with the product .
my boys did not care for these treats . they are a bit spoiled by natural balance treat roll and fresh cooked liver .
but that may be because it was a just a true fungal issue and not bacterial . course the fungus remedy didn't work either .
it will cut like you never thought but keep the blades cool with the cooling spray also sold on amazon
the plastic seems a bit stronger than the original which is never a bad thing for a replacement product from hagen .
obviously i keep ordering this product because it really does the job . i would recommend it to anyone with indoor pets .
pretty good concept . the dogs seem to like it for the most part . my one dog does not like it as much as the other .
both our dogs love these pet tabs . an 11 yr old cocker spaniel and a 6 yr old mix breed . the vet recommended them to us .
this is a great chew toy , it lasts a long time , it massages the dogs gums , helps keep teeth and gums healthy .
my lil doggy loves em . great treat when in training stages . the centers arent gooey and get all over your pocket .
it is easy for the puppy to hold it . i don't think he particularly likes the bacon flavor as he chews more on the other flavors .
hand doesn't get tired when combing out long haired dogs ! helps to remove tangles and the teeth don't break off or bend !
started my new larger aquarium with live plants . this fertilizer seem to help root new plants and aid in the growth of all .
i believe this feeder will be perfect for our puppy that will be joining our family on the 30th of may . just preparing for his arrival
flimsy , cheap looking , and the cat didn't take to it . i got a sturdy sisal style scratcher instead which the cat adores .
dogs love them . we love them . we need to keep a good stock of them on hand . ordering more now !
i always use this dog food , my girls love it and the vet recommends it . both my daughters use it for their pets too .
i haven't had to change filterd yet but i like the fact that my puppy will always have fresh water .
our dogs love these . these are inexpensive , small treats for them . the quantity is a great bargain at this price .
nice to mix things up for our chinnie once in awhile ... she is a bit slow as we have yet to get past the easy level with her lol
this really helps get the yuk off your dog when bathing him . the dog enjoys the massage and the fleas hate this thing . it is very durable .
these are the perfect sized bones for the little pup ... hours of enjoyment and she is cleaning her teeth at the same time !
this is great does what it says . i just wish i could find longer one . i need 5 to cover my couch .
these toys are the only thing that last in our home ! i recommend any kong including their squeaky toys ! good buy !
cannot figure out how to keep it on her tried and tried no instructions of how to put on my dog
this was a good deal for it's size , i've been purchasing this item from another site and have spent much more for it .
my dogs really like this stuff . but it's really not the healthiest . i use at as a treat every once in a while .
this is another great chew toy for two pit mixes . you can put peanut butter inside of this thing and the dogs will stay busy for hours .
my dogs love this product . it makes their coat shiny . gives them nutrients their body needs . seems to be digested quite well .
its hard and my dog would not come near it . be careful not to break your leg trying to kick it .
my furry kids just love these , they are big enough so they can chew for a while and they smell really great .
love this leash . great quality , nicely made . comes from south africa and i have no complaints with it ,
my 2 large dogs love this toy ! the ball squeaks if you tug on the handles . it holds up pretty well .
one of these is a reward for our greyhound . he looks forward to each one . and they are small enough not to add pounds on him .
consistently measures the temp in my tank at 77 degrees . nice size . great quality for the price . highly recommended for your tank .
very durable , bought it with the zoo med dome hanging light . just make sure you don't put too much pressure when screwing the pieces on .
this is a great product ! filers great , is what they say , the fountain is nice a clean , replace once a month !
love this delivery system for l-lysine ; it allows me to be sure of the dosage & sure that it actually gets down them . thanks !
our cats like the da bird and either watch it or attack it . our of 4 cats , 3 like it a lot .
battery only lasted about 1 hr then died , but my cat really loved it before the light started fading ...
this is what we feed our mother dog and 9 pups so very much needed . great product and good service .
this works great to clean my dogs allergy , itchy , smelly ears when he has allergies . non irritating and gives him relief .
good stuff , gets rid of fleas , can be dosed as needed , does not seem to hurt our animals at all .
cowley loves these treats . tries to open the box when they arrive . loves the smokey taste and smell of these treats
this is my favorite drinkwell fountain to-date . i even like it better then the stainless 360 . i wish this one came in stainless .
i have a chihuahua and this brush is way to big for her mouth.going to just buy a toddler toothbrush . disappointing !
my puppies really enjoy eating this food and it sure does seem to energize them . of course , hills is a great name so you can't go wrong .
get these for my fur babies and they love them got this new flavor for my girls and they love them .
i bought these because they were supposed to be thick . my cats tore through them in 1 day . no thanks .
outstanding product , all in one , uvb uva heat photosyn.my main purpose to purchase was for uvb and photosynthesis.plants are thriving ! the uvb is pretty strong .
to encourage my cat to drink , i bought a new fountain . the filters were part of the deal . it is important for him to drink .
neither of my two cats will eat these . they bat these around the floor thinking they are something to play with .
we have a cat who likes to pee with her butt over the box . problem solved ! fits in the corner , very discreetly hidden . highly recommended .
my dogs love it , even the little princess terrier . i've tried many other brands and they enjoy this one the most as so far .
$ 5 cheaper than where i usually have to buy it ! ! not to mention the gas $ $ it saves me to buy this item on line !
this was in my budget . i would prefer it also to handle tics and lice but for the price at least she is safe from the fleas .
my cats love it and i really wanted some entertainment for the times when i'm away from home . so i've got to find a better hanger .
we have a rottie mix puppy & he ripped this apart in under 10 minutes . does anyone out there make toys to last with puppies ?
poop things , you pop them in they fill with poop you toss em away . pretty basic works nice nothing of surprise here .
perfect size ball , perfect size hole , bad material . might work great if your dog never chews . mine did and destroyed it in the first hour .
another great product . well made , strong and durable . you will get many years use out of it , i plan to .
i bought this product before and i was running out and i always like to have a tube of this on hand . i highly recommend this product
the toy has a very sturdy rope , it holds up well to our dogs chewing and they enjoy playing tug with it .
i found this to not perform as advertised.the dog just fights it and refuses to train with this collar .
this does the job for either water or food . the wing nuts twist on and off smoothly . it's very easy to clean .
just in case some didn't know . only one comes in a package and it's very messy when rinsing .
it is good for multiple cats with less odor . . . i have 4 cats - 2 girls and 2 boys .
my dog had some dandruff and i was told that omega 3 would help . i changed his food and his skin seems to be better !
as advertised ... just wish it had lasted more then a day before my dog broke it down to its individual fibers ...
my dog loves these . she loves to chew and these last a long time for her . great price for what u get .
i bought this as a gift for a family members dog . perfect size for their yorkie . the dog loved it .
i bought these for my three cats . one of my cat loves this , and throws it around so it squeaks
they told me to write that they like friskies treats better . they will eat these if that is their only choice but they don't really like them .
this great toy is nearly indestructible , and my beagle loves to play with it , either by herself , with other dogs or with humans .
got this to line the crate for our chihuahua , it is very soft and looks very nice . it fits the crate perfect .
my 8 month old german shepherd loves these . we are doing training classes with her and these definitely help with her focus .
put it in line and forget it ... keeps the water from backing up into my air pump easy to install
brownie goes bonkers for these . they're small so they're great for training . they're also small enough to stuff the treat balls with .
my puppies are not interested in this nylabone that is why it is given a four star-the quality is there so no fault of the company .
we wanted something to keep the dogs all the way in the back . this works perfect and was a great price .
this is more a food than a challenge to the teeth . i wouldn't buy it again for any of my dogs .
i have one little dog that the fleas just love . she is a little flea magneti tried capstar on her and it did not help a bit .
it works so well and makes adding or changing aquarium water so easy and no waiting ! ! our fish and us love it !
nice huge antler ! rescue dog love this antler and chews on it for hours and hours . i like the no odor , no stain goodness !
great quality leather and brass hardware . so nice to get something well made instead of cheap dog accessories that don't last well with constant use .
this id card is very professionial and well made . it came very quickly and i am totally happy with my order and the company .
excellent leash - we also have the matching collar . no complaints after a few weeks - looks good , feels sturdy .
the cats like it , and they go nuts over the toy inside . it's good to have around for the kitties to have their catnip parties .
my english bulldog puppy loves this toy ! he plays with it all day . i also like that it's machine washable .
this product really works . i highly recommend it . great value for your white pet . don't hesitate to purchase this product .
too high for my chihuahua and my 2 shih tzus . even when adjusting hight to lowest setting it was still too high for them to eat from .
this is a favorite for our pet , she loves it ! it's very durable and good for any pet that chews - - it's practically indestructible .
i love these for my dog and got them at a great price , but the cost has now gone up to complete soi will stick with purcahsing locally .
i love this product . they are huge dog chews that my dog loves . and they keep her teeth very clean without the hassle of brushing them .
this product didn't really make much of a difference to our cats . they didn't seem to be more relaxed at all .
i have a 120 pound dog and she loves this bed - plenty of room and easy to clean . would recommend it for anyone with a large dog .
this fits my dog ( 42 lbs ) great and seems to be very good quality especially for the very low price .
it's pink which is super cute . i can keep my dog as close or let her go as far as i want . holds up nicely .
it's a good little toy and the dogs like to tug with it . seems well constructed and not easy for them to rip apart .
this is a cute little toy that makes a crinkle noise when chewed on and squeaks also . my puppy really likes this toy because of the crinkle noise .
excellent product for your tall tank . allows the filter to take in more debris . did exactly what i needed it to do .
it looks a lot better than i expected . the bells jingle with the slightest touch of my dog's nose . the construction and appearance is impressive .
i bought this a month ago and it broke already and i cannot get my money back . it's junk ! ! don't buy it !
just after as year now being able to chew a hole in it ... so was worth the price ! i highly recommend this !
they seem to be working just as well as their alternative but it is too soon to tell if they last as long /
this took my angora house rabbit a bit to get used to and know what to do with it but once she did it was a hit .
my hedgy would still use it but he definitely preferred it grate-less and end up going else where in his pen sometimes .
perfect for getting out the matts and gunk on her little face ? body too , but perfect my for puppy's face .
not very good product after you take wash it the mirror get blurry and get like small black dots every where not good quality .
the best for aquariums - we were advised not to use cheap copies from china or similar , as the quality is not as good as api .
i absolutely love this product it works very well will be purchasing another one soon that's it nothing more to say
my pet was too used to frontline plus as it just wasn't working any longer , so i purchased this and it works great .
can't give it 5 because i have not tried it yet . mistake was thought it was pet stain remover .
my 8 year old yorkie loves these and so do i . i have seen a difference in her mobility and we're both happy with these little bonelets !
my yorkie loves these things ! it is about the only treat type thing she will go near , but she will do anything for these !
holds my 50lb dog food great with some room to spare , love it . keeps the bugs out and food fresh !
dingo products are great , my dogs love them , but these are not for small dogs , too large and cumbersome for my two shih tzus ..
this is a very good basic guinea pig food . it has not fillers and would be best for your pet .
this litter defeats the purpose for me . it has artificial fragrance in it . synthetic fragrance is made of hormone disrupting chemicals . i won't buy it again .
love love love this ... any kong product ... he loves his woobie as well . the new kong with the tails on them !
these are very good for my cat's teeth . my cat's favorite flavor is the chicken . these arrived fresh and in good condition .
i've had sturdier ones , particularly for very small pills , but this works , and it is available with prime ; it arrived quickly .
i give these to my big dog , they are like single bites of yum . they have a fish smell and my dog loves fish .
the dogs seem to like the taste of the toothpaste and the brush works well on their teeth , i would purchase again .
these are great seals . sure beats trying to pry bucket lids ! i will definitely will be buying more in the future .
is good for tiny dogs at best . it is very small and i have big dogs . i would not suggest it for anything more than toy breeds .
i have gerbils and hamsters neither of them chew on these not sure why they just dont like them for some reason
this stuff did a little , but it did not do a lot . it took the odor down a small notch , but not much .
works great for controlling a little aggressive dog . keeps that part with all those sharp teeth away from my hands
all i can say isgreat pricereceived in perfect condition.always looking for a great deal and this was a dandy .
i have used the api test kits for years and am very happy with the results . more accurate that the test strips .
my cat loves these tablets . she eats them before her dinner and breakfast every time . so glad that she enjoys it and it's healthy for her .
will not buy again as both cats will not eat it so poor choice by me but will not make same mistake twice .
made in the usa with decent ingredients.our mutts love these treats and are constantly begging for more . we like the good ingredients and us made product .
the catit design senses speed circuit has been most entertaining for my cats . it is also very entertaining to watch them play with it .
as usual these were excellent they made them thinner so my dog ate them a lot easier . cowley loves his smokehouse chicken and duck treats .
i works , but considering the price it's noisy . i bought a much cheaper one and it's quieter .
good quality and my 4 month old kitten likes it . recommended by the organization where i adopted mcgee . what more could you ask for ?
have 6 kitties - none of them would eat this :-( - - will eat it only if mixed with another wet food
not one of my cats young or old played with this toy . but it is well made .
i like this product my babies have more energy than before i would recommend this to animal lovers who havr older or younger animals
my cats love chicken , chicken , chicken ! i'm using iams turkey and giblets to expand their palates . so far , so good .
these are the expected treat by our 6 schnauzers every morning and is hands down the best we have found for them .
i bought this for ny crayfish . they eat it up regularly . i will buy more when i run out . i love it .
this product has not helped my dog with her separation anxiety at all . i had faith , but it's been three weeks and there has been no change .
this is a great litter box . convenient for shaking and cleaning . fast . cat likes it very much . got to keep that kitty happy .
my two small dogs love these treats as snacks , either in the morning or in the afternoon . my dogs dance around them like there is no tomorrow !
these bags are great . they tear off easily and seem very sturdy . i love to buy in bulk so i am never out !
the nylabone part was great for my chewer , but she had the rubber in the center destroyed in no time .
i thought this would toy would be a little more active ... it just bounces a little and rolls in tiny circles .
this is a must works wonderful just what i neededthe only option if your bunny friends live inside the house
appeals to my hamster's urges to chew and focuses his attention away from destructive cage-damaging habits . it entertains him and even provides a small treat at the center .
for what it is it's ok . my dogs just didn't really like it . they do tend to leave a mess .
my dog loves this . it rolls , it bounces , it has holes in it ... how infinitely much fun for him to chew and play with !
i dropped this in my aquarium and the fish seem to like it it looks like a green tennis ball
i know the price was right , but the quality isn't . the chain started rusting within a week . i've got a big boy and it fits ... but
they work but so tiny i have to get the flash light to be able to see anything .
my cat likes variety in her food . so this is a nice change from just the fish types of cat food .
great cat box to use inside the pet washroom nightstand pet house . keeps the furniture piece clean & nice makes cleaning the cat box easy
works great at monitoring your moisture levels and slides right on top of yor exoterra top . they compliment each other and works great .
figured it out in no time and now as soon as i put it down she is done and walks away , so no puzzle to this puzzle .
i have three dogs and they love these . great price and like that it comes in a bulk packaging . dogs go crazy for them .
great size for a large guinea pig ! mine loves sleeping in it and i love that he can chew on it ...
these are nice little poop bags and the price was good . i will be buying these again when we run out .
my new mini sized dog is really enjoying these toys . it also saves lots of biting and chewing on furniture etc .
didn't do anything for my carpet . very disappointing . back to the vinegar & water in the carpet cleaner i guess to shampoo up after the puppy pee .
rubber tips came off on initial use . collar falls apart without rubber tips . very disappointed with this product and wil try to return if option is provided .
these are just as described and are much more economical than wee pad brand or petco brand . i will certainly purchase again .
these seem pretty sharp and are easy to use . it remains to be seen if they last longer than other clippers i've bought .
mycute little calico sophie loves these treats . they are her favorite . she really shows off to get me to give them to her
but unfortunately tore it up at the head already . bah . not too disappointed . not a bad price . they love stashing it so it's worth replacing .
the length and thickness make this very durable . i can see using this for years to come with my 15 pound dog .
these mice are super cute and my cat enjoys playing with them , my only criticism is that $ 7 for two tiny mice seems a bit steep .
my veterinary suggested this for my dog that had small dry , scaly patches . after one bottle they are almost completely gone .
i defiantly needed a place for all my dogs things and this did just the trick . its also relativity small and easy to put anywhere .
my dog loves the taste , let's me brush with little hesitation . the price was good too , especially compared to what i can get locally .
arrived earlier than expected and is a really nice unit . very happy with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone in the market for a cat playpen .
works great . when the puppy tasted bitter apple she immediately didn't like the taste and stopped chewing the chair . no staining and lasts a long time .
i recommend using this over the competition since you need less solution . i have not run into any issues with this yet .
nice and soft . without strong chemical smell that some producers use . overall ok . more geared towards human tastes vs feline .
very pleased . my tank is clear and my fish are happy . using and cleaning this filter is easy . i like the 3 tier system .
seemed to finally take the smell away from the spot my sick dog had a nasty accident on ! worth a shot
my cat loves this . its her favorit toy . she can entertain herself for a very long time with this tunnel .
my piggy's love these . they grab one as soon as i put them in their dish .
works well , and a great price , but i'm extreamly picky when it comes to treats , and didn't like the ingredients in this .
each of my relatives ' dogs got one of these so the package deal was great . the dogs love them too !
this doesnt work . followed instrucions but dog never responded to it . threww it away after several attemps . i wont recommend this to anybody
good size for both my small and medium size miniature poodles . colorful and has two squeakers and it stretches . fun toy .
this is a great value compared to getting bags at the local pet store . work great for what they are used for .
i have this one and a smaller one . my cats don't use this one ... i guess it is too big . they still use the smaller one .
nicely weighted copper swing to entice little hummingbirds ( and other little birds ) close to your window for viewing . my cat likes the bird traffic very much !
these are the first meds my little girl would take without me having to full her into to taking , so thanks
i thought this would entertain my youngest cat . i was very pleasantly surprised to find my 9 and 10 year olds playing with it ! !
my yorkies love these birds . they are holding up well and so far have no holes . they are really a nice size .
a very quick delivery . the price was decent . my dog loves the toy . i will order this toy again , i would recommend this toy
absolutely got my moneys worth with this toy and delight in the cats enoying playing with it ... recommended buying ! go for it !
used for a small dog all when good eyes are better .. thank you for this med . my dog doing much better
my cichlids like this food , i been using for a few month now and i am not disappointed , plus it last long
this was a good price and that's pretty much the only reason i purchased it on here . nothing else really
not as plush as it looks but it is ok.if you want something really padded this is not for you as it is quite thin .
he uses these to get up to his favourite chair . it is very sturdy and is easy to clean and put together . sold construction .
this is my two cats favorite food . easy to handle with zip lock top and slant sides to pick up .
my two six pound cats travel together to the vet in this carrier . they like being able to see me and enjoy the sherpa base .
i have had several of these and my cat and i enjoy the interaction . i have given these as gifts also .
they love them and when they are never out of bones , i love them ! great value with subscribe and save !
it is a great fine for my ' grand dog ' . no more hair loss or upset tummy . the best part is that he loves it .
bought two . outdoor shelter below the deck and indoor . the eventual 130lb ' er will fit on this comfortable well stuffed pillow / bed .
love love love this durable squeak worthy toy . two dogs love this ball and it has held together like any kong toy would be expected to .
it works a bit to slow my long nosed dachshund down , but now all he does is circle the bowl and eat aroune the gobble stopper .
we've been using the breeze system for a few months . we like the system very much , a lot less of this litter gets tracket out .
this are nice hangers for my small dogs shirts . value is very good ! if you hang versus place in dresser , these are for you .
i use this with my dog's merrick food . i think it has a good taste for my dogs . it is quick and easy to prepare .
i like this leash although the button is hard to press down and lock . the cord also tends to get stuck . overall it's good though .
i needed a stainless steel water bowl for my pup and this bowl is perfect ! easy to clean however it's easy for pup to flip over when empty
works quite well with no strong smell . works best if you use it immediately after the accident .
i bought this to go inside the white wooden cat litter house so that the urine or feces don't get on the wood inside and it works very well
the two squeakers are a hit with my pup . the feet and bill may not last long but she loves it .
mi kitten likes it and it dies not cause intestinal discomfort as others . i do fed her both wet and dry .
this was an add on item i thought it was a large but it is too small for my dog but it is still a fine chew toy
this lead is made of great materials . we use it multiple times a day , and it is used for a very active puppy .
my guinea pigs love these cages i now have 3 of them and 2 piggies in each ! they are happy n healthy as can be !
my dog loves them ! they are a healthy , light , natural snack ( despite that lamb lung sounds so disgusting ) . need i say more ?
himy grand babies love these.an the no junk in these treats.so that's why i buy these for my grand babies
this is the best deal on poop bags . this is my second purchase of this item and i have not had one faulty bag yet .
this is a great product , it works as described for minor pain associated with arthritis and inflammation , i would recommend it .
i tried it with the fluval edge aquarium and it just doesn't work , so i returned it . don't bother buying .
easy to use , very sharp , can clip my cats and dog nails without worrying about cutting to close . would buy again from seller
my fish loved this . i have to cut some of the bigger pieces so that it's small enough for my betta to eat some .
my cat has tons of fancy toys , yet this is her favorite . she plays fetch with them even since they are easy for her to pick up .
please if you can review my other kong squeeze review . i love this product and this was when i ordered more for her .
one of my favorite treats for my pup . i always need to cut the chunks into smaller pieces for training treat , but it's a great treat .
my dog loves these . she is a 40 lb terrier mix , however , she will devour this in about 30 minutes .
we are still evaluating this treatment for dog's fungal spots . will update later if any more comments are needed or available .
my 7 month old puppy loves this toy . she has yet to destroy this . she gets very excited when i put this toy on the floor .
this is a great blade and imo it's much better at getting through the coat than the non-ceramic type . recommended .
my cat craves this stuff and runs when she hears the bag come out of the fridge . it was a great price with great fast shipping too .
cats hated it couldn't get to the ball . knocked the top pieces off in the first few minutes , haven't touched it since .
but empty inside , no filling . so it's kind of like a rag unfortunately . my dog still plays with it . i expected more from kong .
i have a lab that has to take allergy medication and this is perfect for him since it doesn't contain any aspirin .
i bought this it was very nice . good deal would buy again . it was a great deal for the amount of ounces
works fantastic . no complaints here . great for my 55 gallon tank . used for bearded dragons .
it lasted us until right now when we just ordered another one so it lasted a while even though we have two cats
my chihuahua mix penny loves this toy and i do to . she flips it and throws it in the air . this toy is quite entertaining .
she loves it ! its cute and shiny , nice and warm . on the cold fall nights she wont fuss to put this on
it didn't work for the 75 lb . female - but it's working great for the 40 pounder.definitely diminishes the pulling .
these keep water from getting down to your air pump . very easy to install . highly recommend for the price !
this does seem to help with the tracked litter . i wish it was little bigger , but seems to be a good product
i bought these for my 40 gallon breeder tank . it does what it needs to do , no complaints . thanks a lot
great stuff ! i use it for frags mostly .. seems to purple up with algae very quickly ! will continue using this product .
my dog loves this toy and creates bonding together , fun and learning using his brain . especially good on those days with bad weather .
the reviews were glowing , so i jumped in . my dog wasn't quite as enthusiastic as i hoped . he ate it reluctantly though
i donated some of this to my favorite rescue center . they loved it although my kitties prefer the unscented kind .
my dogs play with this toy all the time . the squeaker didn't last a day but the toy is still intact and getting played with !
it works well . i used during loud activities when cats become frightened like during the fourth of july .
if you have anything but a small dog this will not work for you . not for large dogs ! make sure to read instructions carefully .
the dog loves these ! all natural . i only buy treats with limited ingredients to avoid allergies : this fills the bill .
cat is not totally crazy about it , but eats it well enough and seems to control hairballs . has good ingredients .
our dogs love these we ordered these through prime so we do get free shipping but they are a little pricey wish they would come down little in price .
didn't work and now i can't get it off . its sticky everywhere . please don't buy this you will regret it .
got this with the omega paw self-cleaning litter box and the litter locker ii , and use it with precious cat litter . they work great together .
sir jorgie the royal sniffer of foods , loved his new toys . nice assortment , and apparently a great collection as far as kitty is concerned !
i didn't really need the strength that is leash provides , but it is a real quality one . it really looks great on my doggie .
my youngest cat was the one to figure this out first . the older ones had to watch him to see how it works
very easy to use and convenient . at first it is a little hard to get the bowl out of the holder . very easy to clean to .
my cat loves these catnip cigars . the service i received was surprising ... super quick shipping . i would not hesitate to order from again !
my dogs love these chews and i am happy that they are safe for them to chew on and swallow .
i have 2 dogs , both rottie-mixes , about 70 lbs each . they were able to chew through the plastic as its not very durable .
cheap and mis sized i feel like this was a total rip off.do not buy this unless you have a long very skinny dog .
i swear by the tidy cats breeze system . there is no odor in my house , no tracked clumping litter , and i have very happy cats now .
my cats like these lighted balls and they work very well in the cat it tracks that are sold on here .
the one and only toy my dog has not torn apart . i fill it with peanut butter and it keeps him busy and happy
my parent loves this letter he's up and down and i put it outside the cage and just climb to the top
this is the fix-all for my cichlid tank . i love this product and will continue to use it in the future .
this worked perfect for my little dogs , , very pleased with it , for the money it was well worth it , my dogs love it also
great toy for dogs , durable , long lasting battery . had one for about three years , still works , got one for my sister's dog .
we were able to teach our four legged child to sit , down , shake , roll and high-five with this stuff ! it works !
this was exactly what i was looking for , its good quality , adjustable and not too bulky . it does the job that i need it too
this is running 24.7 in my 35 tank and the bettas look good so far . i'm trying to kill off a bacteria infection in some of them .
our puppy like it . and he does eat it quicker than i expected but otherwise i may not bother buying it again
like their dog food , these were just ok . not many in the package and they costs too much for how mnay you get .
my smallest bun really enjoys this we give it to her once in a while , and she likes it because it is crunchy
this is a must for dog owners on the go . you can squeeze out just what you need and it holds enough water for multiple dogs !
best cat food ever ! if you love your animals , feed them like you do ! no byproducts , just good protein and veggies .
i ordered this product--this product was received exactly as described , it looks a little boy-ish , but it's still a nice item .
glad i bought to try for them ! and cheaper here ( if it's on sale ) than at my local stores !
our french bulldog cannot get enough of these bully sticks ! one of these sticks will keep him busy for hours - i've never seen him more happy !
easy to use , works well for the two feral cats i care for . put in food and they can't smell it .
my dog seems to like it , what more can you say about dog food , not a bad price . my dog seems to like it
pay attention to what you're feeding your dogs - flour is a filler and it is the second ingredient . not good
we have several large hybrid cats and this is one of their favorites . sturdy and well made . easy to put together . cats are happy .
our cats went bananas over these ... one licked it so much , we had to dry it out.they never fight over them because the catnip is so aromatic
the treats sure must taste good as my dog goes nuts for them . she prefers the beef but when not available the chicken suits her perfectly .
quality and durability are very important to me . my dog is rough on her toys but kong's products are terrific .
great product . really takes out excess hair and nice that it falls into my hands rather than onto the floor . glad i bought it ! !
i think i like the touy more than than dog . it is cute , but she is just not very intersted in it .
can't get my dogs to use the stairs . i guess that they are not old yet .
one of my little dogs loves these snacks but the other one seems to prefer the duck strips . i buy both kinds .
my test results are very good ever since i use purigen . i also use activated carbon and matrix to keep my water crystal clear .
i have 5 cats and this product destroys every odor that a cat can make . it works and that's what matters .
is a really awesome puzzle for my dog he loves it . even when i just put reg dog food in it
adorable , my 15lb pom finds the weak spots but who cares ! it is a good one !
my cat likes it . the key chain was pretty lame and broke before i used it 3 times . but it serves its purpose .
i only use once in awhile . seems to help clear up my tank . a little on the expensive side though .
not the best stuff on the market , but it is good . and the price made it of a great value
so cheaply mad , tiny and paper thin . would probably last a day and my dogs dont chew up their toys !
i use this as a training treat and my dogs seem to especially like this one . they can easily be broken into smaller pieces .
these start to look like a doughnut after about 3 weeks but my dog loves them so we keep buying them .
i gave this 5 stars because they are the treats that the cats love . shake the packet and your cats will come running .
i only used it at the moment to trim the hair between the pads on dog paws and this works great .
love this comb for getting fleas off dogs . thank you bought a couple for my daughter also and bought spares .
this was purchased to replace the one that was missing on a filter . it allows proper angle adjustment on the aquaclear filter and works as intended .
the dog loves this bone . it has quickly become his favorite " toy " . i have purchased a number of nylabone and they have never disappointed .
don't waste your money . these only cause irritation to our cats and haven't helped with their flea problem . will not purchase again .
good pricethese kong products do not breaki have three medium size dogsthey enjoy playing with them.good buy
helped solve a multiple accessory issue and help eliminate the need for multiple air pumps , definitely save my marriage ! and helped my kids keep their sanity !
i actually prefer these over the standard hard kong .. still has the toughness , but easier for the little tykes to carry around
the click part of the collar that you push to open the collar is just about impossible to use . so hard to push .
these are great space savers . i am always trying to become a more efficient packer for camping and these definitely help . can double for dog bowls too
the product does what its supposed to do . easy to use a reasonably priced . it works like its supposed to ...
cheaper than their competitors , smaller and does the same function while lasting longer than the ones from drink-well . will buy again , do recommend .
the black lab mix is a chewer . she loved flipping the toy and chasing it . however , she managed to rip open the seam on day 7 .
my kitten loves this toy and never bores of playing with it ! i also have a neighbor who has two cats and this is their favorite toy too .
our three malamutes love these and eat them up in no time . however , " everlasting treat . . . " it absolutely is not . maybe 15 minutes . . .
love these smell like mints and dogs love them i just wish the mint flavor would last longer . but there great .
catches all of the litter on their paws when leaving the box . dos a real good job according to my wife .
our cat doesn't really like going into the hammock ; however , the product itself was just as expected . that is why i gave it a 4/5 stars .
i am very satisfied with this fountain for my cat . it's easy to maintain and keeps the water moving and of course has a charcoal filter .
simple concept that works well . lightweight . wash / drys quickly . took koda all night to work it off , but then he's a determined dog .
very high quality material used for this bowl . very durable . i don't think you can break it .. i would definitely recommend it to my friends .
the product works as advertised . i am still a beginner , and am just learning how to use the brush properly . the seller provided an excellent description .
not there favorite toy but they will play with them for awhile before getting bored and moving on to another toy .
didn't care much for this piece . my cat just don't like it as much . not very sturdy and it does not stand well .
this product has preservatives , thickeners and salt , not just pure chicken breast like their beef , or like purebites chicken treats .
these will give you a good baseline but if you notice something off with this test use the api master test kit for more accurate results .
my dogs loved this toy , comes with a replacement squeaker but my dogs quickly pierced both.now we just have an empty ducky .
this is a good , solid milk bone product . the softness of these are easier on my older dog's teeth and she seems to really like them .
they were okay but my cats broke them really easy and i was scared that they might eat the little bell
our cat loves this thing ! we bought the kitty kong stuffing too and she loves them both more than expected .
i am not sure what this powder does , but it really works great . i also use angel eyes . the combination works well .
im using these to train my puppy . when training i give out alot of treats so i'll cut each treat into 4 tiny sections .
i just love this dog color . i love it more than the one i purchased at petco . very good quality and my baby loves her new collar .
i have had these for years . they are excellent for holding treats when you are training your dog ! i would be lost without one !
my 2 black labs luv to eat this product . once you started giving them they want more . would recommend it to other pet owners
my yellow lab loves this toy he is lazy but he will run after this
this is a great product , and so easy to use . no pills , no mess , just squirt in the food , and your done !
got rid of the fleas on the little dog in on dose . works great would purchase again . thanks we were at wits end .
excellent shampoo . rinses out easily , i've heard a lot of good things about this shampoo . my hair seems much softer since i've been using it .
cheaply made ... one of the rings snapped and my dog almost ran away from me . wouldnt accept a refund , pretty upset about it
nothing remarkable as it's just a normal fishnet . i've used this for a year and it is still looking like new .
arthritis in my dog's joints this truly helps him eating as well as drinking . he is helped then i am happy happy happy ~
i have 4 of these and we foster rescue cats , so we always have a lot of cats here . these hold up really well for the price !
my 2 dogs got used to the citronella spary after 2 days , so then they just continued to bark while it sprayed
added one of these to my 10g quarantine tank , gives just the right amount of flow and is super quiet . the magnet holder is a big plus
this is as described and not quite as pricey as somethings . it is added to his dry dog food , which he enjoys together .
need to return ; dogs irritate eyes and cant be used on them .. sad it seems good
my dog isn't really into dog cookies , or biscuits , but these he loves . the texture isn't particularly pleasant for human hands , but perfect for dogs
great for destructive puppies . multiple toys to destroy . my puppy loves pulling out the small toys , then destroying the holder .
i have a pomeranian and a chihuahua dachshund mix that go nuts for this food . their coats are shiny and they are sure lively . good stuff .
tthis is the worst product i have every bought , did nothing to get the fleas off or help keep the fleas away.do not waste your money on this garbage
another toy that bit the dust .. my 16 month english bull terrier destroyed this ... it lasted maybe 10-15 mins .. fell apart .
the dogs love these treats , and i love the price . great for a big pack of dogs like i have
charli has loved this product since we rescued her from the shelter 4 years ago . will certainly buy again and again .
i can get this old guy to do practically anything for one of these and i don't feel bad about all the nasty ingreadents .. just duck breast ..
can be used to put kibbles and let the dogs fun play . as for material is pretty durable but not for heavy chewers .
this product is really great , my dogs love them , its probably the only reason they take their shots so easy , they both have diabetes .
didn't do a thing to help with my dog's separation anxiety . she barked incessantly upon my departure , and only 6 feet away from the device .
my cockapoo pup loves beefy treats so the fact that these treats are healthy makes me happy . very soft and breaks easily
my cats love these cardboard scratchers . they have ripped their way all thru several of them . was happy to find replacemtns
i bought these for my 2 12 lb dogs . some how they managed to get every inch eaten . they really liked them .
i have a catahoula and she loves to chew on this the only down side is the white ends are too soft and she knaws them down pretty quickly
i had my dog on these for a few months and never noticed any difference . still got anxious and whiny .
if you have a dog that loves to chew then nylabone is what you need . these are great toys and pretty much all we buy for our dog .
i do not love it , my pit bull does.she is on a special allergy diet.only natural balance is for her.thanks ... again ..
literally , it fits in the hand nicely . better than the little pair i used to have ( and subsequently lost in my move ) .
i am using this to give oyster shell to my chickens . it works just great for just a few birds . !
this one really gets him fired up ! even more than the laser pointer ! diabolical product . hours of fun at a very low cost .
this was a great price . i think i paid this much for four strips at petsmart . they're great to have around just in case you need them .
dogs tartar has improved and so is there breath , a good price for something that works , my dogs love the taste bought the beef flavor .
i prefer the pet corrector , which turned out to be a better quality item . head fell off , air spray too strong
i have six dogs and they all like the treats . the treats satisfies them , and it really freshens their breath .
don't waste your money . your vacuum will do a better job . the sole of your tennis shoes works better as well .
these are nice filters , easy to handle and they work well . good for the price too . they keep the water nice and fresh .
both my cats love this little toy . they toss it , chew on it , and sit on it . must be good catnip in there .
i left this one out for several weeks but neither cat would play with it so in the recycle bin it went .
my yorkies love these i give them to them in the evening and it keeps them busy for a long time
omg , this is so cute . nice fabric , well made . great sizing . will be totally cute to use for halloween and other days as well
well made , durable , collar . sixteen more words required according to the red warning below , now only four more , now zero .
not for a puppy . might last longer if your dog is not a chewer . had to take it away from my puppy .
i've used mine for over a year and it has performed admirably . this is my 3rd one . i would not recommend this for dogs over 15 lbs .
well made and works like a charm on my 75 pound golden.this collar makes training a breeze . i would recommend to anyone .
this toy is okay , but i've found the pet buddies version to be more durable.pet buddies pb1907 plushy tube
since i started using this food my dogs coat looks great . his hair is very shinny and his stools are always firm .
bought this for a friends dog . the dog is 16 inches from neck to tail . this is a good reference to go by .
love these treat no junk in them , so i don't feel bad giving them to them a couple at a time
i love how big it is , so far it seems to be working well . i hope it is as cleanable as they say it should be .
my dogs love the flavor and it even helps cover up the taste of the dinovite i also give them , which they do not like .
fit our aquarium ( 20 gal ) and stopped the fish from jumping out . no complaints about this . glass was clean , handle secured just fine .
this is great shampoo . not sure it work i my germans shepherd thug.he has really dry skin change dog food for sure helps joy
i have a pug and the medium size was cheaper but fits her well . it is fluffy and comfy ! great product
easy to hold for small dogs , my little dog loves it . she makes sure it is packed in her puppy bag when we go anywhere .
great value for money . the only food my cats will eat despite having bought the best holistic food in the past .
it fits my filter and it is the brand i use for all of my tanks , fresh , brackish and salt water .
cats liked it , but it only worked for a few months before some malfunction caused it to spew water all over the floor .
my cats and dogs love these snacks ; they can't have enough of them ! the treats come in a nice cardboard box and in different flavors !
very strong and effective in detecting faint traces of urine my furniture . much more effective than my old stink-finder light .
my puppy has food allergies but this food does not effect him . it's all natural and he loves it just the way it is .
my puppy loves it . i probably overdid it with the thickness and price , but it was made in usa label that sold me on this mattress
i feed all my tanks this food . fish seem to really like it . the crisp hold their shape well in the water .
the cookies are obviously delicious as my dog can't get enough of them , but the way they crumble makes a huge mess every time he eats them .
nature's miracle stain & odor remover works well - especially for those initial few accidental piddles with a shiny new pup when house training . highly recommend .
this item is a very inexpensive and provides excellent results in controlling your pet especially during obedience training of a puppy
the split means that dogs can lick along the entire surface instead of just at the very ends . they love it !
this is no longer carried at petsmart so i started buying it online . i have a chiclid tank and they go nuts for this food .
our 8 month old shiba inu tore a chunk off of the huck in about one hour . i'm glad we can return it for a refund .
great stuff ! ! ! must have one for every pet owner . it could sure remove the odor . now i feel i have a human house again lol
dogs love these chews - they leave a fresh taste in the mouth and last about 5 minutes before they are gone
great price and love the price and the fact that it is a naturally made product with out all the chemicals other pet shampoos have
great toy ! my dogs love to chew on the rope and play tug of war ! can recommend it and would buy this again .
love , love . cool looking blue night light never seen before . great value considering same price to replace fluorescent hood .
we use these on our yorkie puppy when she poos , to keep her nice and clean . nice smell and no irration .
after a week or so i pulled it up to take a look . it was soaking underneath . this is just not a solution .
very easy to use . i have a honda crv and this lead fit perfectly . both me and my puppy are happy with it .
this is an excellent alternative to rawhide and they help to clean your dog's teeth , also .
it's nice to be able to get the larger bag which is heavy and get it delivered , so my cats can have what they need .
love this stuff bc when i hit the dog or cat's quick , this stuff stops the bleeding and my pups don't cry as much .
this is one of the few toys my pup has not destroyed yet . she cuddles with it and likes to carry it outside .
whenever i come home this is my dogs treat for being alone . they are so excited to get the greenie i'm not sure they care i came home !
best bang for the buck with these ( 180 count ) , & my finicky britts love em ! would definatly give them a shot !
my pup loves to play with this and carries it around during the day ... treats dispense slowly .. and has not been able to destroy .
our dogs love the game of fetch , this toy keeps them happy and is so easy to use ! kids even throw the ball long distances !
the cats like it , so i like it . my cats are older and need this product , i am happy with it .
i got this for my little dog but my daughters dog took it from me . her little dog loves this bed and sleeps in it every night .
mr steve and jobs , my new babies just love it ! ! ! they spend hours playing with that thing ! couldn't be happier !
the wafer drops to the bottom right where you place it and my pleco gets on it right away . pleco is growing so nutrition seems to be good .
the kitty try to avoid to be near the toy perhaps for their smell . it seems to say " i hate it "
they carry it around and play with it . it is small enough for a 23 # pup to have lots of fun !
my two puppies just love this bed , they always lie on it and seem to be very happy with it .
tuffy's cap . kurklops dog toy is tuff , really kool looking , and an all around blast for my tuff on toys pit-mix zelda !
these are for my kitties . what can i say , every time i buy kitty kaviar . this is a little more expensive than kitty kuisine .
i wanted to get my dog this coat . i had a larger one before for my past dog and it ket her warm .
the beef flavor is blossom's favorite . she likes them all , just this one is her favorite . i like that theyhelp keep her teeth clean .
... and killed my betta fish in his 5 gallon tank due to overnight failure cooling the water down quickly .
i bought two for my two dogs . wind proof and water proof . great product , fits well , easy to use . and the price is right
i love this lead because it allows me to control my dog . i would recommend it to anyone that wants to have their dog under control .
my 8 week old kitten absolutely loved this toy . so much that he tore up the string and feathers after just 4 weeks .
pretty surprised i wasn't sure how it would last considering it has an elastic middle and my dogs seem to like it
these are friggin great heaters . they are cheaper than the aqueon and store brand ones at any pet store , and they are awesome
my boxer really liked this toy . she liked it so much she chewed it up so i had to take it away in one day .
wonderful design , but my cats had no interest , no matter how i tried . :/ i ended up giving it away to a friend .
any dog would eat these up in a second , plus i got them at a great price thanks to cyber monday !
my cat won't eat it so i wasn't my money on this i offer it to my son his cat takes this med
holds the media great . locks everything in with a reusable zip tie so you can change or clean media when needed
it is easy to use this product . the readings chart is of good quality . works well . more cost effective than the quick dip strips .
my dog loved this treat . it is crunchy and that is the kind of treats he likes . i will reorder this again .
soft pin ! great for pet owners to accomplish weekly brushing ! soft pins are easy on the skin for brush haters and dogs with skin issues !
i have to buy the three pack best deal . cat loves this toy and will ask to play with it ! great product
this id tag is wonderful . it is very well made and the printing of information as done very well indeed ! !
since we purchased this product , we have not had to use it much . our puppy pretty much goes on the pad now .
this toy is a lot of fun for my dog , except for the hole at both ends in which my dog can chew it to pieces .
unfotuantely my cat died soon after i ordered this and the product is now in the cabinet . i dont know when it will expire it doesnt say
all five of my cats eat a balanced diet of several different dry foods . it's vet recommended and a healthier diet means fewer trips to the vet .
i can't believe how perfect it keeps the temperature in my tank , which makes for happy fish ! ! ! i recommend this product !
i have tried a lot of different flea controls and advantage ii is the best for cats in my opinion !
great puppy toy to play with and carry - no harmful wood pieces to break off - good for fetching and tugging
bought a heater for my spartacus the beta and bought this to keep an eye on the temp ! great price and fast shipping .
great looking glass top . exactly as described and fits my 30 gallon perfectly .
this wormer works great for our large dogs ! dogs like the flavor , it works fast , takes care of the problem . only wormer we buy
super light and easy to carry i love this i feel this is a great value for the money love it
these are nothing special , can get the same thing from the rings from milk bottles.my cat was not impressed with these ...
sometimes my boy won't eat his dinner until this has been added , he just loves it ! and his coat is very smooth and shiny :)
our little rescue dog loves these treats . i cut them in half and use them as a reward for doing her business outside . they work !
perfect for a small dog . he likes to squeak and toss around and it keeps him busy for a long time .
best leash ever . my 70 pound pit bull has not been able to wear this one out.buy your last leash first and get this one .
i love the product , but this shipment was a mess ! it leaked all over , it was a mess . had to throw it away .
fast delivery . product arrived exactly as described . would purchase again from this company .
super gorgeous and better than the one from " pet stores " . you really can see your dog on it from fare away .
i have used several other brands , and these superpads 22 x 23 inch pet training pads work the best ! worth buying
dog isn't interested and can't get him to chew on it so don't know if it is indestructible or not .
it's great if your pup moves a lot . especially when i need to cut around the face do i appreciate these .
love this flea comb because it works better than any other i've tried on my dogs . would recommend others to buy it .
this track was great in theory , but was flimsy and difficult to assemble at times . wore through in less than a month .
needed this for the tank . fish are greatful for the air and i am greatful for the look it added .
only problem is my dog can't catch . i don't know how we'll this will hold up though when she learns how to catch it .
i wanted somehting for our pet hotel when i had some unruly visitors but this didn't seem to phase any of them .
soft shell works well inside dogs have had it for months lots of little holes but they are self sealing
akc treats , made in china , please do research on dog treats from china . for your pets health do some research .
my pup loved these as training treats . it's a nice amount for the price . totally would buy again and would really recommend !
have had so much furniture destroyed by my big sam the serial killer of small animals and large couches . this stops the behavior period . love love love it
he likes it a lot . what he does is remove some of the cover and then walk the ball around somewhere else . very cute
i was not happy with the size of this product . i can buy the same size in the store a lot cheaper .
i was so excited about this ball , cause , well who isn't excited about balls ? of course , i lost it already .
nothing super special , but these can clip in / out of the tank , are clear to be more incognito , and are just overall good .
fish love them - even the little fish that i feed flakes to try and eat this things ... they must be good !
i previously evaluated honest kitchen products . switched to this variety as they recommend it for less active and older dogs .
my feathered kid would hardly let me get it out of the box before chewing on it . definitely a great toy !
this is my cats ' favorite flavor of all the friskies with cheese cat food . they all fight over it each time i feed it to them .
very happy with this product and the fact that i can get it at amazon .
i use my rena filstar cannister xp in conjunction with my allpondpumps cannister filter and the combination is dynamite ! gr8 for polishing the water .
this is a good product if you choose to have " soft " water for your aquarium fish tank . and also the media lasts for awhile
this is a great quality collar . the blue color is nice , and the buckle is easy to fasten . true to size
my dog loves this toy so i bought 2 of them . the quality is really good and it's not made in china which is a plus !
this is a good dog bowel . it stays on my hard wood floor nicely from the grip on its sides .
i use this mostly as treats for my golden . she loves having a cookie & these are the only ones i give her . she's a happy girl .
i use these filters on my stainless steel drink well water fountain , they work and i need them for my kitties
this goes so fast once you plug it in . i believe the actual spray bottle one works better . will not be buying refills at all .
this shampoo works if your dog has hotspots or itching i would recommend this as everything i have bought with this company it was worth it .
my 10 old yorkie's breath is so much better after having this treat . both my dogs really like this one .
have had no problems with these filters work great . have been using this system for almost 2 years . works wonderful
i enjoy using different harnesses for my dog and this makes adding his tags to the current harness a piece of cake .
my labrador loves this toy for playing fetch , perfect size and easy to hold . it is not a good toy to leave with a dog who chews .
item smaller than expected . seems adaquate for intended use . a nice clip which can be used as key ring i suppose .
my dog loves these bones . he's very picky and usually turns his nose up at everything . he gobbled these right up .
cute because tail and tongue stick out when pressed , but puppy teeth cut it open in 2 seconds , my puppy is not a big chewer either
if you have a finicky eater like my cat , then try this . she loves it !
this bowl fits my dog's head since i call him moose head . nice and wide and doesn't slide around . heavy stainless good quality .
i could not bring myself to use this on my dog but it seems adequate to the task . inexpensive and simple to use .
ii am still concerned and researching made in chinalooking for something organic and made in usadoes anyone have infoon this product ?
cats don't really like this much . i don't force it on them , instead we found greenies hairball remedy treats . they love those most of all .
this is a good product . my little quey was white and clean again after using it . i'd certainly recommend it .
this is a great product . installed in 5 minutes with no issues at all . appears sturdy and well made product . quick ship .
not real happy with this choice . little flimsy and was smaller than i envisioned and our puppy has already almost out grown the dish .
the bags and the holder are both flimsy , but totally functional . for the price it is a steal . i've just refilled it with higher quality bags .
the design is great for my kitten . i did spray paint it with pet friendly paint so it matched my dcor ...
a good idea for an older cat . but when my kitten got a hold of it , he dragged it around and spilled kibble everywhere .
used this to try to deter a cat from leaving behind his poo on the floor . turns out it did nothing to deter him from the same spots .
this is the first time trying this brand . my cat seems to like it a lot ! his appetite has improved already .
my dog loves these and that are good teeth cleaners . i open the cupboard to get one out and he lays down patiently waiting .
i have had our pups on this for almost 2 years . their coats are so shiny and soft ! they even eat them like they're treats !
i have no idea why but my cats just ignore it when i try to play with it - sorry . my cats aren't real active altho fairly young
my dogs eat this food every day so know that these biscuits are safe and truly grain free and wont cause stomach upset
nice and healthy treat for my dogs . they love these chews and they're healthy for them and great for their teeth
puppy loves this crinkly sounding toy and likes to toss it around herself while playing . great for teething ... no stuffing to worry about .
my cats always like to eat this food and appear to be healty . i do recommend this for other peoples cats , only if they like eating it .
my cats look up at me and wait ... until i sprinkle this on their food . one package serves two cats for two meals , or more .
for the price , they are almost what i expected . they are not quite as powerful as i hoped , but adequate .
i had always purchased dentastix for my dogs but thought i'd give these a try . my dogs all like these better !
had a sick dog that needed a high calorie food to try to keep weight on her ... she loved the yummy chunky food ...
i guess . . . my neighbors dogs love them . i don't have any dogs , but all the neighbor dogs know where to come to get treats .
some people might have had luck with their cats on this but after a few months of use i didn't notice any difference in my cats .
these are his favorite treats . he jumps all over the kitchen when i pull this bag out if the dog pantry :)
dog likes it but they do not last long , and i have a 4 month old puppy rotteweiler who takes little time in finishing it
love it ! ! ! the only problem is the low lip but it makes up for itself my being in the corner .
i love linatone . when i get a new rescue in and they are in need of vitamins , shedding due to season or nerves , this really helps .
this is an excellant pen ... on the light-weight side which makes it easier to carry . it works great for my dog rescue business .
amitraz collars are the only things that work re ticks . these took a ridiculous amount of time to arrive , but work great as a product .
all my dogs want to do on this pee pee grass is sleep on it ... never once used it to relieve themselves ? oh well !
didn't seem to do too much . i bought a small uv sterilizer for about $ 40.00 and that did the trick
i have used these fluorescent bulbs for many years , and i am very pleased with them . they give out plenty of uvb light
great to slow down my dog , i ordered a medium , but it is a little small for a golden retriever , breakfast only .
this bowl slows our dog down when eating . there isn't a great difference just a small one , but worth it to prevent bloat .
this is a very good carrier for cats or dogs , with plenty of room . my cat and dog both like it .
this works with my fish tank filter and only need to be changed once a month if you do good up keep .
our dogs love mighty dog , especially the chicken and cheese . the dogs like variety and their second favorite is the beef . would recommend for any dog .
i got this breeder net for my angelfish since i have lost a few batches and so far this has been good .
my two small dogs just love these treats the nutricious formula on these treats is very extensive.your animals will love them . agreed
im getting ready to buy my next bottle ! great stuff to use in freshflow water dishs ..
this is my dogs favorite flavor fruitables treat . low calorie and smell delicious ! he will do just about any trick for one of these
my dogs love these soft treats . my one pup had to have teeth removed and she liked the hard treat . now i have something to give her .
great bio ring they do there jobs perfectly i couldn't ask for a better product t hagen for your love of clean health fish tanks
i use this for draining my turtle tanks out into the front yard . it works great and waters my grass .
these used to be available at pet supply stores . the filters are good , but the booda round holder opens too easily .
i have tried many brands of doggie pads . i'd have to say these are the most absorbent i have found .
my cat loves these and she's pretty pick about what she eats . so far she's still eating them and it's been 2 weeks .
very good and affordable pads . no leak . it does not soak through . good amount at this price . i will buy these again .
i used this for a doghouse . it's a simple design that's very nice for the dog , yet durable , easy to clean , and water resistant .
it works for small applications .. i use this to keep the temp up in a 5 gallon tank to breed brine shrimp .
i have purchased this item many times . my dogs love it . the biggest issue is that for some reason it is very difficult to clean the surface .
i purchased the cage as a gift , easy to set up , working as described without issue , the dog love it
works great , the cats love it . . . so what's not to like . great product !
my dog loves pushing this thing around . it dispenses treats at a nice rate . keeps her busy for a good 10-15 minutes .
has been keeping my betta and snails cozy for over a month now , great item for small tank . ok with my live plants too .
i enjoy giving my fish a variety of foods . and they seem to enjoy that as well . amazon always offers plenty of variety
i purchased a more expensive brand because i needed it to fit in my dogs kennel . this one is soooooo much better and i even use it !
i love the colorful coating and the tilt design seems be do better for the littler dogs-the ears dont fall in the water !
i have three.one for my rabbit who loved it , and i also had seven ( seven ) guinea pigs who adored it . chew proof and durable !
cheaply made , cats broke it apart within minutes . i sent it back . dont ' waste your time on this item .
my dogs favorite toy , its just her size and perfect for hiding a few treats inside or some peanut butter into .
my cat loves them but i can't tell that they've had any effect on her sore joints . worth the try though .
excellent product , especially for the price ! ! ! i don't know how they can sell so cheap . performs 200 % better than i ever expected !
it is great for my service dog coat but it also helps to relieve constipation if she was to have it . it help against stress .
these work great ! our cat looks forward to his pills . they have just the right doughy consistency to disguise a pill .
best on the market for your hot bulbs ! i need more words for this review but i think i said it all if you love your beardy !
i could have gone to the store and bought punch balloons and would have had the same effect as these ...
shipment was fast and greatbutcats hate it - won't eat it and even the dogs won't eat it so i have a bunch of it sitting here unused
you can tell , when they disappear under the couch within hours of being put on the floor - cats go crazy for these
love this litter for my ferrets , its cheaper than ferret specific litter without the dust that can be bad for them .
my yorkie loves these treats , they are a good size to break up and make into 4 treats and good for training .
this one was more for the buyer than the critters . i ended up taking it out of their cage . they preferred the manger .
this stand is nice for two reason ... looks attractive ... don't need to pick up the bowls to clean up underneath ... convenience is important .
so far , he has been unable to tear up this dog toy . all the other toys he has managed to rip apart .
i'm going to use this when i leave my baruch ( spinoza ) alone . will see if it helps his separation anxiety .
it was just what i need to train him , we use it everytime we train , keeps him secure . i feel in control
my dog likes the chewables . i have not used them long enough to see if they really help her joints .
would not be with out frontline for my dogs .. i don't have to worry about fleas or ticks at all
my cats love it they fight over who sits on the top . only bad part is they have already ripped the mice off .
griff likes things that feel like dead animals ... yes , he's strange ... so he loves to carry these little guys around and hide them .
they give it two paws up keeps them warm they are impressed they have survived a frigid winter so must work great ..
i have a 12 lb yorkie poo . he tried to get water from this , but couldn't . we now use a good old fashioned bowl .
my little rat has lost features and his tail , but hey that means the cats are actually playing with it .
purchased this product to add fish oil to my dogs diet , he has kidney disease and this product helps boost his kidney functions .
my dog goes crazy for these treats ! they smell very good and i like that they contain few calories and natural ingredients .
all i can say that it works for my dogs even though they are not light color.it doesnt overdry their skin .
totally washable and stays in place because of the elastic bands . always good to have several as you will want to wash them periodically .
a friend's two foster puppies had persistent diarrhea , and this product helped clear that quickly . plus , they enjoyed eating them !
very nice , exactly what was described , way cheaper than buying @ local store , goldfish are happy b / c they can breathe better with new filter cartridge
this is a great quality cat comb , will last for ever , works well , good for kittens and can be easily cleaned .
cats both seem to like these treats , and hopefully will deter vet bills . i hope these work as well as the dentastix does for my dog .
i thought kong extreme were supposed to be durable ... my power chewer destroyed this bone within a matter of a half hour .
this was just too big for my daschund . maybe a bigger dog would like it better .
it is exactly as described and arrived in good shape . i have no complaints . only four stars because it's made in china .
good quality . i've had few others before & this is by far the best quality i've had .
picky dog that likes to chew and she will use this to chew on . very happy with it and i will be buying more as needed .
a fish store recommended this to me . it seems to help maintain water quality and ph level between water changes . i use it with good results .
have not used it this product yet , with hope it works . product arrived on time it is much smaller then the picture show . thanks
this was our dogs first toy and is still going strong . she regularly chews straight through beef neckbones . get this toy , it smells awesome as well .
yellow lab just loves the squeakers inside and will spend hours trying to remove them . very tough material and a challenge for the dog .
i am very happy with this purchase . my picky dog loves this beef jerky from milo's ! i definitely recommend this product !
this makes water changes in my tank so much easier . i love the pump handle that starts the vacuum . great feature .
if you have a pet you can't be without this because accidents do happen regardless of how hard you try to avoid your pet's mistakes .
these have worked great in my cage for litter training blocked all corner and litter trained 4 days using these .
i don't know what i would do without my litter locker ... seriously . i scoop my cats litter twice a day and never smell anything , it's great !
my puppy loves this rope and although he has destroyed most of his toys this is one he still plays with . this rope is still in great condition .
i have used the powder for several years for my cat that has herpes . this seems easier to give - although my cat easily ate the powder .
i just received by ups and my cats are very happy ! they love to scratch on these devices more than any other scratching toys out there .
good price for greenies , made in usa , and dogs love them . can't ask for anything more than that . a ok
my dog doesn't like it . he seems scare of it . i am not sure if it is too big or what .
it's simply a great treat and my shiba inu goes wild for them . they're healthy and freshly packed and don't have too bad of an odor .
only half of it works and it is on a 60 gallon air pump in a 20 gallon tank.wtf do not buy
its great if you don't want to refill your fountain daily . id recommend the platinum though , so much better . seriously . platinum is great .
cats think this is just ok . got this after trying the turkey flavor and they just don't seem as jazzed about it .
it came with so many , and they're very sturdy and pretty easy to open . it even came with a bag holder , love it !
my dog had no problem eating it on top of food . hopefully i will see a change in his eyes soon .
takes a little more brain power and nose power to get the treats out since it doesn't simply roll around .
a good buy and good product . a gift for some or our friend's pets and was appreciated . doggies are still playing with them according to our friends .
my one dog who hates water , will actually hop into the tub for one of these strips .
i have 9 gold fishes and this will last them a whole year . it comes in a bucket and store inside plastic bag to keep moisture away .
this is an excellent product . i have tried so many potty pads and this is by far the best . it doesnt leak and my floors stay dry !
my lab really likes these but he'll eat almost anything . i like that they are grain free since we is on a grain free diet .
we've used this litter for years . it clumps well , holds down the smell , and is biodegradable . my cats like it .
my dogs love taste of the wild . one of them has a very sensitive stomach , and taste of the wild agrees with her all the time .
my dog loves them but gives him gas . i renamed these " fart sticks " . haha
our dog is very picky , he only will eat the best . thank you cadet treats . i will be ordering them again soon !
my puppy seems to like this toy , and it has held up well . however , it doesn't stay cold very long .
the product is great . i need two people to put them on my dog . he is a squirmy maltese .
so far it's working great for my small dog . no allergic reaction , and more importantly , no fleas all summer long .
my dino fish and even african cichlids enjoy these . its cool to watch the dino fish hunt for them . would recommend and will buy again .
i use this for my cats because it actually kills both fleas and ticks . most other medicines like advantage and advantix do not kill ticks on cats !
i bought as a toy for my ferret . he loves it ! he likes to move his friends around to different parts of his age and snuggle .
my little 21 pound cockapoo loves these treats . the other flavors are great too . i give him 2 after each meal .
not much to say here . put it on easily and remove to place in the washing machine when you need to .
i trust nothing but aquaclear products . has never let me down on anything . i have two of these hang filters and they clean my tank well .
wasn't that happy with it . you have to shake it to make the sound and feather got lost at first day .
my kitty loves this toy too but it isn't her favorite for some reason . she also drags this one around the house at night .
the balls light up on impact with something . they are actually replacement balls for the catit track , but they work outside the track as well .
my african grey , max loves these perches , but he loves shredding them . keeps him entertained . i appreciate the reasonable price & that its well made .
i buy these every month and give her one every day . she loves them and i feel like i'm doing the right thing for her teeth .
nothing fancy but does help with furry dogs . not the only one we use but helps in addition to others .
my sister's dog loves these treats and scarfed them up . my sister approved of the ingredients and her dog scarfed them up !
little different and seems to do well . haven't found any fleas on my pup yet . these were recommended by my trainer .
i have used this before , my dog is not a big water drinker but if i can get a little into her i think it helps .
installed on to my 55 gallon tank and it has upgraded water quality and my mollies are breeding and living well . quiet ! nice and quiet .
my dog loves them gets so excited when he sees the cadet bag . have to give him one immediately after receipt
not much else to say . it's a dog toothbrush , it's functional if your dog will let you use it on him / her .
i use them to keep my dogs teeth clean and for teaching tricks . chop them up in little bits for after trick rewards .
my dog loves this toy - it is one that is easy for them to carry around and he loves to shake it .
my cat loves them , he gets crazy when he hears me open the bag . also helps get rid of his stinky breath .
cats use this all the time . great value . it saves on the walls too ! it is so inexpensive - all cats love having their faces scratched .
putt putt ( my bunny ) wants nothing to do with these treats ! can't win ' em all ! however , your pet may love them :) )
my cat reminds me of sisyphus playing with this thing . can't seem to ever quite get over the hump . doesn't stop him from trying though .
the automatic pet dish is a great thing to help out when you are away from home for a day or so . it is well made .
i have three border collies and highly recommend this . i saw an improvement within a couple of weeks with better mobility and less shedding .
i bought this on a whim and it was a lucky find for me . my cats go nuts over these cosmic treats ! entertaining for them and me !
they make them chase them - they skitter around the floor , they get carried around in their mouths - cats love these
we always buy these filter pads and they are cheaper here than in the petstore . especially when you have prime .
i like the bed and so do my cats . most of my cats like being inside something to take a nap .
good way to get my lazy hamster to move around or shall i say stretch . he nibbles and nibbles away on this all night
this bottle is great for road trips . i keep one in the car , and i even got one for my mom and her dog .
whenever my golden's delicate stomach acts up . usually as a result of medication or hip / joint meds.these large vanilla scented tablets do the trick .
my cat was getting sick nearly every night . it took about two weeks before he stopped getting sick . i really like the velcro top .
seems to be a well built sturdy fish net . no problems yet . will definitely catch my little monsters when cleaning out the tank !
a fairly expensive item but kitty loves it . ofcourse plain old kittenfood does not taste good after eating these treats .
my dog loves to eat these . the great thing about these is that they dont smell as bad as some of her other treats .
like it ... it is a nice collar . don't really know what else to say . it arrived on time and in good shape .
fit my dog well . but the clip broke after a week of using it . it is small and kind of thin .
our larger dog loves this stuffless toy . he can whip it around and play . i will get the larger size next time .
our younger basenji's get these supplements everyday . they are a balance supplement and they love the taste . they gobble them up every time .
my dog enjoys these treats . she gobbles them up and always wants more . i would buy this again . i think they must be tasty .
we've used just a lil of this for a long time for our cavalier kcs . and it works wonderfully to keep her eyes clean & dry
the crickets sure eat the heck out of this stuff.sometimes there will be a dried up hardened pebble left , but usually they just eat it all down .
just love it . everyone thinks that my doggie is styling . we never go anywhere with his glasses , especially when other people thnkhe is the bomb !
he loves them , he a super picky little guy and he took it ran off to eat it , woohoo to these
great - will order again ! my dogs love these treats . my dogs look forward to their treat from me daily .
the clips screw into the cups and the thread pulls loose all the time . useless . if you expect to have any strain , forget it .
the birds love these , and they attach well to the side of the cage . they last a long time , and are a great value .
i think this is one of the best cat litters for odor control . beware if you get the larger bag - it is very heavy .
i have a sloppy drinker and this mat works well to contain dribbles . fits the fountain and keeps the water contained .
my cats love them and they make their breath smell better . they don't cause any stomach upset or diarrhea . great product .
excellent toy . my cats love that it squeaks.shipped quick . exactly as shown in the picture.in store these are quite expensive , so online prices are much better !
there was a lot of condensation on it when i tried to use it . ended up throwing it in a drawer .
we got a new guinea pig and he was constantly knocking his bowl over . doesn't happen anymore . we got the large size and it's the perfect size .
my dogs enjoy this very much but have not said anything to me about this . however the ones that i purchased at bj's were 8 lbs . ?
our dogs love these in the morning . one begs for it . they say they are a healty treat . we hope so .
this is the only food i will feed my cats . they love it , it's the best thing to give your pets
my dog likes the flavor of these chews and her eye stains are improving . i wish it wasn't so expensive .
it was way smaller than i thought it would be and it only came with one when it showed 2 and the price was high
my lab loves this item for sure it gives her a lot of crunch for the size . it would be nice to buy in larger quantities if possible .
only food my chin likes and will eat . thank you i will order again . would recommended to friends and family . thanks
the product works well with my litter box , but it doesn't match the color at all . it does it's job , but it's definitely not tan !
cats really like this product , and i love it because you turn it on and it shuts itself off by itsel ; . saves on batteries .
i have a yorkie puppy and was happy to see the size of this kong which was very manageable for her .
i bought this busy toy to keep my shih tzu's happy when they were home alone . they love it , though it is a little hard to clean .
its simple and very cute ! i wish i ordered more at the time so i can have one for each of my dog's bowls .
my dog won several halloween contests and hearts as well wearing this . i added the faux leather zipper boot to complete the " look ! "
not worth the money ~ easy for dog to run through it ~ next time i'll spend a little more and get something that works well
our dog loves this chew . it's healthy , doesn't stain anything and it last a long time . i would buy it again .
i have two 13 # bichons . this brush was not useful for use on their semi-curly hair . it may work afor smaller dogs than mine .
my dogs love this food , i am so glad they have small breed.my little one does not like large pieces of food , this is just right .
my two koi and two gold fish seem to like this stuff so that's good enough for me , big can - lots of food .
he seems to come back to the toy time after time but doesn't seem as attached as he was at the beginning still a fun gift to get !
does everything it claims it does . works better than any other dog brush / comb that i have tried . i use it with other furminator products .
my dogs enjoyed these treats . my older dog (8 yrs old ) is less gassy , more playful , and her fur looks beautiful .
my cat won't even use this darn thing . she would rather crawl in a shoebox or a paper bag from the grocery store ! ! ! lol
got a new scratching post with this and rubbed the catnip in and they used it straight away and haven't given it up .
held up in the one week i was with the dog to whom i gave it to . he enjoyed it . it survived . its very cute .
4 stars because of having to refill the toy so much . cute though .
this worked on the sores above my cats eyes . i didn't want to spend the money at the vet , so glad i tried this .
this ball is great in the dusk , but wait until the snow is gone . i had to keep finding it for my dog :-)
these balls are good quality . the product was shipped in time as promised and the balls are indeed glow in the dark
i guess it feels like him being massaged and it takes off the excess fur at the same time . good work .
the light works fine but it gives off a greenish hue . after a while you get used to the color . it doesn't seem to affect the fish .
my dog as been getting 3 chews twice a day for at least 2 weeks . if he is not supervised he eats his feces . disappointed
i mix this in with cs puppy dry food , my puppy loves it and it has the best usa ingredients .
he ate the very top and rubbed once , then decided it wasn't cool . i tried putting cat nip on it but it didn't help .
actually what he uses too ! the dogs hate getting their ears cleaned but you do have to get way down deep to do the job .
have not used it yet , but think my little boston terrier will appreciate . waiting for hard rain . it is well made and attractive .
i love these feeding dishes . they are so cute and blend in with the decor of the cat's eating area . just be aware they are breakable .
very happy customer ! great deal and product ! i have four dogs so i need the best deal i can get and this is it !
my dog loves these toys that talk . he loves them so much that he eventually chews the sound maker out of them .
havent yet set it out for my dog , , just been too busy , but i believe it may work for emergency situations .
my dog loves this bed , especially since it keeps him cool . i've bought 1 replacement cover for it since the time of purchase .
put it in the tank , set the temp . done . it works without me having to worry about it at all .
my cat would not play with this . gave it to another person with two cats . they like it . they are younger .
these nylabone chewy's are the greatest for little dogs . the blue dimpley one is my dogs favorite although they love them all .
these are colorful and a lot less expensive than the ones you buy in the supermarket and a good product .
the dogs love it , what more can i say ! it was time for new toys and the kong toys usually are better quality .
i love these ! they work great for media in my hob filters and my canister filters . i use them in all of my filters !
works for all dog sizes . i have german shepard , golden retriever , a teacup yorkie & chihuahua . they all drink together .
high quality , east to use , durable - - in every way just like the ones my veterinarian uses . i recommend this product .
bought plug-in and replacement bottles , but i have not noticed any difference in the way my cats behave and won't be buyingany more .
this are a really really really great product.the puppies love them . i will definatly order these again . i highly recommend these .
we have a 150 lb english mastiff with the jaw strength that you wouldn't believe . he needs some tough toys and this one really stood up to him .
this feeder was much larger than i expected so i returned it to the local petco store .
my dog can finish it within few minutes and he loves it . if you want a product for dental cleaning , this is not the one
good bait pouch for dog training . easy to open and close and holds good smount of treats . it washes easily too .
i bought this for my increasingly finicky dog , but he snubbed this as well . even my pitt that eats everything snubbed it
works great on the ball python tank . he seems to like it . he stays on the heated side for most of the time .
i have 9 dogs and none of them will touch these . don't waste your money . to the trash they will go .
i have two dogs under 30 pounds and they both love them . my dogs seem to enjoy the dog food with a fishy taste .
for the price i didnt expect much . this is pretty solid . the rubber gromets in the valve tend to move a bit but overall good value
i have tried so many pee pads , and these are by far , the best . economical , last a long time , and no smell .
my cat enjoys playing with this toy . she bats it around and has a good time taking it from room to room
great price on something that i really need . cheaper than buying in locally , and with more cartridges in the box
the other 2 pass ... it is very creamy but seems to have an off taste . perhaps if it was just chicken ...
love this playpen for my puppy . not only is it rugged , but keeps my little guy snug & secure . .
this is the best dry cat food ... small bags ... stays fresh ... all organic ingredients in this cat food . can always trust newman's own brands .
this lasted less than one day before my dogs had ripped it apart . one of the shortest-lived dog toys ever .
my cats enjoy playing with this track but they prefer to have one of the lighted balls in it . it keeps them entertained .
this is a decent clipper . if you can get your kitty to stay still and cooperate , this will get the job done painlessly !
took a little time for my cat to get used to it but he loves it now . soft , plushy , and perfect length for kittens / cats
unless you're using this outdoors , the item stinks . it leaks all over the place . not good .
this is a great choice for your canine friend , my two logs have been on it about a year now
do expand some when in water and do float well but are super small in size for goldfish that have any size to them .
my dogs chewed on these things so much there was nothing much left after two weeks . good for dogs that like chew toys but didn't last long .
but my dog loves it . evidently , this brush does not pulled his hair and he loves my grooming him now . and , it is effective .
my cat loved this for awhile then got bored with it . he still plays with it some . i would recommend this item .
i found nutri-vet toothpaste helped whiten my dogs teeth.it is so effective i reordered.my dogs prefer the poultry taste to mint
if your dog likes to fetch this is a good product however if they like to bite down on them while bringing back they are easy to break
i really like this . it fits snugly . it doesn't get in the way . very convenient . i can't really think of any negatives about this .
my cat likes this toy . he hasn't torn it apart yet . he still goes to his little cow and his baaa baaaa sheep first .
i didn't really get to use the product since it broke the moment i plugged it in , it made a pop sound and it was dead .
i use many different pee pad and these don't wash as well s some . the price s ok but i won't buy them again .
my dog loves these and eats every bite . they do make her thirsty , but i just keep water on hand .
it works .. but , certain clumping litters work better . i've been using fresh step . i would say the product is worth trying .
lays on it all the time and will pull it around to his favorite spot .
the feet where gone the first day ! i have to say it has outlasted a lot of toys . no a good player though , doesn't roll etc .
well , the bowl did slow the rate at which my dog consumed his food but not by very much .
this product has not worked at all . i have tried it in 3 different vehicles all with the same result , rubbish .
easy to order , arrived quickly and works well on my border collie , who is exposed to ticks in the german forests
i got this for my cat because he loved the old squeaky-mouse we had for our other cat . he loves it !
my dogs love ' the b word ' ; biscuits . these are the right size treat for standard dachshunds , and the price is quite reasonable .
my dogs love them ! seems to do good with my sensitive dog , smells just like the ziwipeak food she eats :)
my daughter has an older pom that is on a special diet . i gave her these for christmas and she loves them . would buy again .
my dogs love these treats . i love that they come from texas and not china . feed these to your dogs and don't worry .
i brought this for my dog and he enjoy it i would recconmend it if you have any dogs a plus
my animals love these fountains . the filters work well and are long lasting.ihave very happy animals with access to clean filtered water .
this toy lost our cats attention rather quickly . we ended up donating it . perhaps another cat will find it fun !
dog still does not like to get combed , but this is a lot safer and gets a ton of hair off .
these are the best lids ! they actually fit the cans . i have had the worst luck finding lids that don't pop off . buy these !
and it is tough . i have giants ( english mastiff and great dane ) and wubba's are the best toys that survive forever and the dogs love them .
this is a nice product ; i have 5 cats so it was put to the test . a great way for indoor cats to get their greens .
feathers went mash together when my dog wear them , hard to get on , very small , may be for a teacup my dog weighs 10 pounds /
this is the only cat litter our cat will tolerate . if we use a different kind , she just goes on the floor .
charley likes the gooy stuff , cleaning his bowl clean . food doesn't smell bad either . wish it came in bigger cans
my dog likes the salmon flavor the best but loves all of the taste of the wild foods . good price too .
this is perfect for a small dog and keeps them safe all day ... it is large enough for a bed , food and pee pads !
worked great . lots of little sea monkeys and i didn't even use the suggested amount of eggs . will buy again .
this bed is a whippets dream or any other dog who likes to snuggle in to keep warm . well made
my dogs responded to this for about two days then quit . may ' operator error ' ? instructions are not very clear ...
puppies chew on everything ! a jumbo 1 lb bag at the ready keeps our pup from seeking shoes or whatever is within reach .
my dog does not weigh near the weight this should work for , probably the third time , it broke right at the point where it was sewn together
my dog's eyes got so big when i showed him what was in the box , he loves it and takes it to bed with him
this is huge ! literally almost as long as me ! ! and 32 squeakers ... my dog is so very much addicted :-)
i seriously hate the job of cleaning the back yard , but this product makes it simple , easy , and almost fun .
the purple rubber started coming off within 5 minutes of use by my gentle , old golden . so sad ! i wasted my money on this one .
a bit smelly in package , but don't smell it when he's chewing and he loves chewing on them , keeps his teeth beautiful
works great ! can go for about 4 days without taking it out . some cat urine smell does seep out after a while . still love it
like the soft grip and ease of using the lock feature . my dog is 40 lbs and this holds her well when locked .
if you have picky eaters or underweight cats nutrical is a great way to introduce more calories into their diets .
it's not as bulky as some of the bigger sponges . it has more sex appeal than some of the huge ones .
tear stains are a big problem . i think it takes a very long time to clear the tear marks up .
this is a good size for most rabbits and medium to big rodents . it was a pleasant surprise in size and quality
great for trimming the paw pads ... gets them nice and clean so there is nothing left to matt up and be uncomfortable for the dog
i love this type harness . especially for small dogs . it does not hurt their necks . they are also adjustable which is great .
my older dog has trouble with dry skin . this seems to have done the trick . smells good . not sure if her fur is softer .
glad i have a husband that can put these on . for me if i can't just click something together im done.fast shipping great buy .. [ ... ]
my small bichon loves this toy . she loves to find a way to pull the triangle out of the jungle cage when i put it in there .
nylabones are the best . our dogs love them . bought this smaller one for our frenchie and she loves it . awesome
i order freeze dried meal worms regularly for my hens . i now buy them in bulk bags of 2 pounds . cheaper .
i don't love buiddy biscuits , my 70 pound pit bull , does . she loves all the natural balance lid food products . tks for the good service .
this works great ! it produces a lovely curtain of bubbles and has done a great job in our 16 gallon tank .
keeps odor down and absorb well for my corgi pup . i would recommended this product though it's pricier than other brands .
my dog shredded this within 12 hours ( sigh ) it's not the sellers fault it's just a big dog small toy
really , nothing more to say . my dog loves these things and they are appropriately sized for small dogs unlike most other brands .
a must have for the fresh & clear large dog fountain . they are just like the ones that came with it .
i bought this as an extra bettery for my dogs collar . the battery lasts awahile and was easy to install .
we use these in our everlasting wheeler as well . dogs love them.the biscuits last at least 2 days while we have peace and quiet .
perfect for our 10 week old corgi puppy . haven't had any issues with the leash retracting or the dog chewing on it .
works very well . easy to use . i was a first time dog clipper and the dog looks great .
this was supposed to be " indestructible " for a heavy chewer . my dog destroyed it within 2 weeks and i mean totally shredded it .
the is a sweet little leash . love the padded handle , strength of the lead and great purple color . seems like it will hild up well .
it is well made , easy to attach to the cage . bird loves to play on it and sleep on it too .
cats love this , i prefer the friskies ingredients , but the fact that they'll eat it is really all that matters .
all natural , naturally renewing , not bleached or dyed . as advertised . my dogs love them so much they each have to have their own
we had to find a puppy food that is grain free and didn't give our puppy the ' runs ' . it's perfect .
these treats are average . i was looking for something that would freshen my dog's breath and that it did not do .
great closure and nice belt or pocket clip . this is my preferred treat bag now . works for treats and kibble .
great service ; great price . both of my golden retrievers are taking this supplement and appear to be pain free . can't ask for anything better !
these are not very good quality . gave my dog gas and she powered through them . will not be ordering again . picture is also very deceiving .
our 5 year old lab mix does not like thunder storms or lightning . this helps her cope . we also feel good about her getting something more natural .
fit the frame i had perfectly . my dogs love these beds . i have two beds and keep replacing the covers when they wear out .
my puppy sheba inu loves this toy , its durable and surprisingly , it bounces and stretches very well , he loves it
so happy this eliminated the risk of trimming too short , which i have never done but i have seen it happen , poor dogs ! this worked perfect .
works well for my toy poodle after a bath . if i want to blow her hair our or just comb it out .
my dogs love this toy . luckily i got two because they would be fighting all day over who gets to play with it .
cant go wrong with a chuck itthey are chewable and go straight back into shapethey bounce well - they are easy to find - colour greatlove them
this is a good product . my over active puppy calmed right down when i put this on him . i was happy . he gets to stay .
nice and long ... allows the dog to run freely and sniff longer ! great for allowing me to keep my own pace as i'm out walking !
this sturdy little duck lasts a long time , but we keep an extra on hand . our terrier will not settle down to sleep without it .
this is a nice fancy litter box . large enough for my big cat . it's pretty wide though so make sure you have enough space for it .
these bananas make cats crazy but they aren't as durable as the older versions and my cat really tears into them and we've had some spillage .
we have two cockatiels and they love this spacious cage . it has worked out wonderfully and has been easy to clean and keep up .
the breeder is good , it will be much better if it has a little heavier net so the net can be easily suspended at the depth people want .
excellent product , especially when we travel and leave our cats alone . cat sitter gives them as a treat . they like the taste .
... and the dogs can't destroy them , so they work for us.hard to go wrong with a bell is a ball .
this additive worked , it got rid of my german shepherd poodle mix's bad breath , but my dog will hardly drink any water .
great product and great price . we used this until our dog went totally nuts in the car . it was easy to put on and very durable .
it is just a replacement filter for the unit . nothing flashy , but it gets the job done and will help maintain the unit .
these bags are very durable and thick , not to mention they smell amazing ! they seem to fit into any waste bag dispenser .
my puppy loves this . she can fling it in the air and catch it . it is hours of entertainment for her .
my dogs are enjoying this and it is very long lasting , standing up to the punishment of three large dogs .
my cats were not as into this toy as i thought they would be . the toy itself is pretty well made , though .
perfect for my cat ! no more messy walls from emptying out that can of wet cat food . she loves the semi-privacy too !
was kinda disappointed the chocolate wasn't all the way through the bone ... chews through as clear , but she loves these bones
nice and sturdy and i really like the price and quality of these dishes . works great in a large tank .
my kitties love the mylar balls and carry them everywhere . they like the noise they make , crunch crunch ! give them a try !
what a waste of money . cat wants nothing to do with this . the more simple the toy the better i am learning .
perfect size for my puppy ! he loves it , now if i could just find where he hid it . great job , planet dog !
vet recommended it for my old dog , since passed away , to help his kidney function . five more words required , why ?
this product works well . it arrived promptly and has been keeping our household flea free . pretty good deal also compared to other places .
the price is right and it works great on our doberman & chihuahua mix .
ok but really don't need the poor pour spout has 4 corners about 3.5 by 7inch built well . thosefishgeeks . com
this is perfect sized for me and i love that i can close it and leave treats inside without them going stale . and it's such a great price .
helped me out when i had a cat that wouldn't let me put a collar on her . did the trick !
if you have a puppy that chews this is the toy for you . she loves it . she has ruined all her other toys except this one .
my cats are very fussy about their dry food . this product is enjoyed by all four of them . makes mealtime easier , for sure .
my rabbits are litter box trained . this stuff is great , super absorbent and it is organic so we use it as compost for our flower beds .
the scissors are sharp and work really well . i am going to buy a few more pairs to have around . they don't seem to go dull either .
with out a doubt the best dod food i've ever gave to my dogs in 40 years of having dogs , great stuff jesse
my cats just love these things . unfortunately they beat them up pretty good , but it's a toy and i'm just glad to watch them have fun !
what can you say it does what it is unintended for , you put your hand in the bag pick up the poop and throw it away
this is a great heater , fluval makes the best and to get it for about 1/2 the pet shop price is worth it .
works very well for being an affordable skimmer . has been running for a few months now with no problems . does a thorough job of taking out pollutants .
my dogs love these bones and the fact that this product is made in the usa makes it even better !
kitten did not touch it . it smells horrible . he refused to take a single bite and i do not blame him !
bought this for a local animal refuge since my dogs have gone to the rainbow bridge . the dogs there love it and i will be sendng more .
this is the cutest little bowl and my cat loves it . easy to clean . i just pop it in the dishwasher each night .
70lb dog destroys toy within the hour ... this would probably be fantastic for a small dog but not so much for a big girl .
just a bit dusty so when i pour it i have to turn on the bathroom fan for about ten minutes .
instead of the 3 items pictured you only get 1 - which possibly works fine but i believe this is a misleading listing .
not only is it a healthy dog food , my two dogs enjoy it . i'm glad i came across this product .
i find since i also have the furminator i don't use this often but for a big tangle it would be okay
this tubing fits nicely for my little pump and stone . the quality is good also and lasted almost 5 months without any problems .
very easy to use and you don't have to worry about not getting the entire tick out . far better than tweezers .
it took quite a bit of persuading to get my cat to play with this chew toy . but once he got the idea , it was great .
both dogs and cat take this when added to their food with no problem . helps with gas and hairballs
while we haven't had any fleas ( thank goodness ) , this comb works perfectly to desnarl my cat's fine , silky hair before mats form . good product .
good price compared to most and build is decent . i wish it was curved though . otherwise a great pair of scissors and waterproof
our puppy was constantly pawing in her water dish and upsetting it . this dish works . no pawing and no throwing around . i would recommend it .
thought they were plastic / rubber.they are metal wires and dangerous to pets . specially the ends are sharp and not covered .
i have used this water additive after my dogs get their teeth cleaned by vet and it extends their sweet smelling breath ! can highly recommend .
it keeps inside of closets . it is very easy to handle with it . it is perfect size to put in the closets . nice shape
my puppy loves this toy ! ! best price anywhere ! great for teething and easy to wash . kong toys are just awesome !
my fixed male cat started a bad behavior of spraying . nothing we did would deter his new behavior but this ! yeah it works !
my rats love these yogurt treats ! they don't like any other kind of rat treats , but because these are soft and chewy , they love them !
out of my dog's undercoat that is . works as advertised , but a bit pricey for what it is . hence one less star .
i think i bought the wrong size , but this one is well made . too bad it doesn't come with clips .
our bull terrier , posy , played with this thing for a couple days . then ignored it . perhaps she'll try it again .
the dishes and pink base are both of great quality . also non skid base . good for a small dog in my opinion .
works good , made well . not much to say about a bowl . my dog does eat out of it . i like it ok
i bought these for all the kitties in our family . they are all enjoying them , they are strong and stand up to a lot of throwing !
cannot say enough good things about the products from ambertech ... certainly appreciate the full service phone calls to the techs for assistance ...
we have two senior dogs that reall love the flavor as well as the tenderness of the chew . they even smell great to us senior owners .
on my second bag and my border collie really perks up to receive his treat after doing a command . i use these with a clicker with great success .
pretty ugly . it does the job but it's not cute despite what other reviewers say .
my dogs love these great chews ! they are not messy and it is reassuring to know that they are also good for their oral hygiene .
not sure if this works or not as the dogs continue to lick it off ; it does have a nice smell though .
my baby ferret april loves this she is always hiding some pieces of food or treats and plays hide and seek but she sleeps in it all the time ..
got this for my westie for christmas ... will be ordering these again ! ! can not get them close to home and they are a great size
this is a must hae for the fluval fx5 canister filter . they really work as far as keeping your water quality crystal clear
not sure if it's doing anything , but doesn't seem to hurt and the big size will probably last the rest of our dog's life ( 10 lb )
our dogs love these things can't get enough , wish the price would come down . but these are good for our dogs and that makes us happy !
these are great treats . we have a 1 year old lab , and she loves these treats . great for training or daily reward .
my gray is very suspicious of anything new in his cage ... it took him two or three days to quit growling at it , but he loves it
i read bad review but still bought anywaycats broke in within 2 hoursprogramming is a paindidn't even open when scheduled
very powerful and quiet . the dual pump attachments are just what i needed for my skimmer to work properly . nice pump .
these duck feet are a great source of glucosamine and are a great value . my shiba inu loves them and they're healthy , can't ask for more .
works well . no issues with rashes , scratching etc . i haven't seen a better price anywhere else . what else can you want .
just because it's green , doesn't make it look like turf or the fake grass . can't fool the dog with it .
my labradoodle loves these in her kong toy . she really seems to like the flavor combination . i say buy them .
my dog loves these ! he starts to cry when i bring the bag out after dinner ! amazing after dinner treat !
i can not say enough good things about this product . my 7 and 9 month old boxers are transformed into very nice walkers with this product .
the bags are great , they are exactly as stated , and are durable . the bags are perfect for what we need them for !
i don't have to drag my crate on the floor . makes it easier to move when doing booths at events .
i decided to treat my fish to something new and they seem to like their new food , glad to treat them
me and my dog both love this toy , he can squeak until his heart is content and i can't hear a single squeak !
i have an apbt who loves to chew , and she is a power chewer . this product is great for her she loves it .
i use it on the cat's and dog's bowl . has a small brush at the bottom that cleans the nooks and crannies .
durable with ears for tying . large enough for big hands . not a pleasant subject to write about ! will buy again !
just as expected . arrived fresh and in good shape . sadly , i've got a super power chewer so bone goes fast .
it only squeaks in one small area which removes the interactive element . needless to say i returned this for a full refund
we must use the past tense since he was destroyed by buster brownie . we almost cried at his destruction , but he was a guest .
my chihuahua loves this treats , and she is very , very picky . they only thing i don't like is the price .
my puppy loves going in her crate to play with this " crate only toy " . we use it as a reward .
this is a very attractive mat . my cat likes it , and it looks good . i do not mind keeping it in my kitchen .
hours of fun ( for me ) while our dog is occupied with the bone and not me . great , great , great , great ! ! !
these pads , do absorb quickly , but runs off the edges as well as through the plastic . i definitely do not recommend them
we are able to sit on the deck together bug free and safe . both of my tonks love their tent !
i was a little leary of this product , thinking that my puppy would not like the taste , but she gobbles them up like they were a treat !
all our cats love this banana ! they bite it , kick it and attack it . our black cat loves it the most !
seems like when you order by quantity you will save more . i will see how long this lasts before the bugs get to it , hopefully not .
we have a big dog , & this crate is perfect for him ! it assembles easily & we could not be happier !
have stored both cat food and dog food in these and they do not seem to let air in . do what they are supposed to do .
kitty spike touchdownkitty hike skirt upkitty mic's lapel or hairlinekitty pikes cavalrymenkitty strikes a chordkitty's trike is boringkitty's dike is brokenkittys like disheskittys like damskittys like wisheskittys like ham
great price on this product which really helps with our pup's shedding and coat . my vet charges nearly double for one bottle .
this thing is well built , but it's expensive , my dog doesn't like to wear it , i don't think it's comfortable for him .
i've been using glycoflex since my lab was a puppy . no joint problems or canine arthritis issues . i feel it's a good preventive medicine .
i have small chihuahuas and this really works to slow their eating . it's much nicer than their regular bowl , but does take up more room .
it arrived well packed , on time and with no damage . why did i buy such a big bowl ? well this will hold a lot of water .
unlike harts that killed on of my pets this item is safe and easy to use . i recommend this product
the dog loves them , they're healthier and safer than rawhide and these are the best deal , so everyone is happy .
i love this product ! easy to give to my dogs and works just as well as capstar ! i would recommend to family and friends
has been keeping both of my cats occupied , it's new and different , they have been chasing them all around the house
mixes well with canned food , and most of my cats either like the flavor or don't notice it . effective at treating kitty colds .
i don't know how well they clean her teeth , but my cat loves these little fishy " corks " . they are her nightly treat .
kongs are amazing toys for dogs . you can keep them busy with treats in them . my dog whines when her kong is empty . she loves it !
i know this is good quality food but ... my cherry-head conure hates it ! i tried everything to make him eat it ! he would rather starve ! :(
my dog eats this when there is not other treats available . for some reason he does not like biscuit-like treats and this is no exception
the sound stopped almost immediately after the first use . it was cute while it lasted , but not worth the money !
they are cute and function well for our dog . they hold up pretty well and stay fairly clean when my dog takes them outside .
too soft for major chewers but great for little keets to eclectus . great for pluckers too and birds who don't play or chew much
these clippers are easy to use and i didn't have any issue clipping my two kittens claws - even when one was fussy about being held for so long .
this toys gives a really goof fun time but it will be destroyed very quickly for rough players and powerful chewers .
great deal for replacement filters , much cheaper than buying them in the store . not much else to say about them really !
i got these for a different kind of filter . had to cut the sides down some so make it fit . not a lot of carbon in it .
good quality product - easy to open & seal shut bag - digest well - great ecommny bargin treat for multi doggies homes .
this is well made and fits my small dog perfect . the sizes seem to run correctly . one washing so far and it still looks great .
i never really used this honestly , i bought this with a gallon water dispenser but never received the gallon , but oh well
the cats love it so i put it on subscribe and save . wouldn't you hate being judged by a cat ? ?
the cats say 5 stars , they love to throw this around and fight with it . this is something i have not seen locally .
our rhodesian ridgeback puppy destroys every toy we give to her including this one , but once the head , legs and arms are gone its fairly durable .
great toy that takes a lot of abuse from a chewing dog . i really have enjoyed these kong gel toys .
my dog is picky . but he loves this snack . it will be our regular purchase . sellers should consider discount for repeat customers .
i love it we have a one year old kitten he is 14 pounds and he looks great in it .
this whistle is absolutely useless . i didn't pay much for it so i didn't send it back or contact anyone .
two pigs can eat from this at the same time . easy to care for . good size for treats . would purchase this one again .
my res turtle loves this product . good thing i control how much he eats or he will keep on eating .
very neat toys . make the flutter sound like a bird if you toss them parallel to the floor . give them a flick .
great dog training treat pouch . really versatile and love the hinged opening so it stays open if desired or snaps shut .
amazon.com is the best place to buy my dogs ' food because it has the best price for this product and is delivered directly to my front door .
save your money , not worth the price . this did not work on my dogs and i would not recommend it at all .
my 3 cats only love this food - and i've tried a lot of different ( cheaper ) cat foods . good buy .
i have ordered several of these to match the different collars of my dog . the product is great . besides it's so cute !
i have two staffordshire bull terriers and this is there most favorite toy . they spent many hours running thru the yard playing with it .
my yorkie loves these snacks . they are small and we can put them in treat balls , but she really likes the flavor .
the mat does what it is supposed to , but a bigger one is more necessary when you have multiple felines
this collar is worth the money it doesnt hurt the dog but does get its attention when you press the button
this air pump is very quiet , it has an adjustable air flow , and i like the fact that it has two separate nozzles .
7yrs ago i got this for my dog and she loved it . she wore it out . so i got it again . she loves it .
works great in my xp3 on my 65gpros : - cheap - easy to clean - last forever - fish love clean water
our dogs love sweet potato treats and these are at the top of the list . we love they are natural and so good for them .
work very well and easy to use and you will love it get 1 if you need test your water often
i bought this in a pet store and really liked the different grass choices . my cats agree and i keep purchasing the refills
this is great for the guinea pig or smaller animal to run around in . it is a little small so i got 2 and put them together .
i had my doubts purchasing it . wasn't sure it would work . but was i wrong . works great , and my dog loves it too .
i have been feeding this dog food brand and variety to my terrier for a while now . she loves the taste .
they don't have the plastic thread for my leash container but they work great just the same at less cost than the others !
use these in all our dog crates . very well made , durable and washable . great product for the money.great value
would recommend . holds up well for tough players . after a month or maybe longer , the squeakers are still going strong !
my schnauzer was having uti problems so i bought these pills for her . they have really helped herand she thinks there a treat and gobbles them down .
these are great doggie bags . i never want to buy them in a pet store ! they are lasting quite some time too :)
my 90lb lab loved these , but they didn't even last an hour before they were all gone . not worth the price for how quickly he eats them .
this really does a great job covering dog odors . really like the fresh scent . i will buy again for sure .
they love these . these are real thin strips of meat jerky . my picky pups are quite happy with them .
my baby boy loves these things . i'll let him take over the rest of the review : woof , woof , woof = more please momma !
although this may be a great product for horses , use with caution on dogs ! ! caused a major skin irritation on my doberman ! !
pepper loves his treats and i love giving him a treat that is healthy . these fill the bill , we both end up satisfied .
great dog toy ! i have all three , curly is the best for the most sayings ... you don't mess with moe !
great to put the pills in for our old dog who takes three a day . she gobbles them right up .
love that they are prepackaged and not as messy as the super large bones ! keep my akita busy for hours !
puppy football they can get a grip run and play ! great for the beach does not fill with water
toxic , not to be eaten by your dog , but they are too be dental chews ? not even worth the money !
this is a really well built collar . but it ended up being a little too small for my 50 lb lab mix .
good for giving treats to the dog . there is enough room to stick almost any treat in the two holes on either side
for a quick groom i use this tool . handy and less stressful for the pet . easy to clean . has a easy grip handle .
my great dane loves this he goes crazy for it . i stuff peanut butter in it and he will be entertained for a while .
it is loud . this is definitely not for cats . i could not even get my cat to let me trim one nail .
much better than expected . so cute and my little molly ( 11 pounds , size small ) actually wears it on rainy days . highly recommend .
these towels are great for my dog ! i have a 15 pound boston terrier and these are perfect for her after bath !
get these because we are " supposed to " but not sure if they really help or not . seems to me they may just collect mold and mildew .
i ordered this toy and the petstages cheese case ball track . this is soo much better . my kitten plays with it every evening . worth every penny .
my cat is too old and finicky to think that any part of this was fun . so for young cats it might be great . i don't know .
only chew that last for any length of time with my aussie . nylabones made him cough - all the slivers he could scrape off .
these treats have a great smell and the dogs get happy every time i bring out their " cookies " . they don't seem greasy or chalky .
i was hesitant to buy this because it just looked so basic & unappealing for cats . i could not have been more wrong . they all love it !
work very well and easy to use i'm hoping they make all test just like this , i'll buy more in the future .
you get two filters so not a bad deal .. they fit as long as you get the right size .. so thats all there really is to it
my marley loves to go after the balls from chuckit launcher and never gets tired of doing it ... definitely a golden retriever .
you get a decent sized pad to cut into whatever shapes you need . marineland makes an excellent quality filter pad .
my dogs absolutely love these . i feed confident they're getting a healthy treat in between their meal , and that assurance is worth the value in itself .
i buy them every month to give to my aging dog of 14 years . seems to help her . i wouldn't do without them .
all of plants grow very well after i used it every week . just don't forget to buy flourish excel together , otherwise , algae will be problem .
this is a pretty good price and the product works great for my cats and helped with the introduction of the new kitty .
this scraper is an excellent product ... you just have to be careful not to scrape the gums when you do it ...
never worked so do not waste your money . why does amazon allow this to be sold ? total tip off . do not buy .
bought it for my mid-size dog . couldn't believe how stiff it was . i'm sure it works well , but my dog is too uncomfortable in it .
my dog loves this toy it can be stuffed with treats or just used for play . great purchase , well worth the money .
apparently mine does . she loves the toothpaste so much that she thinks she's getting a treat . makes brushing teeth much easier
i'm debating over buying more of these or just see if eventually she'll try something else . she chewed the head off and tail .
my hamster boots just took one down in 20 mins flat . she is now one happy hamster . highly recommended , good value .
hydor heaters are overpriced and overrated . this one lasted a while but i still feel the product is pretty average and not worth the extra expense .
second one i purchased . its just a little smaller . easier to clean because front of top opens up without having to take the entire cover off .
my dogs really like this food and i like that it is grain free and chicken free this is the best price i have found for it as well
this is a tough and sturdy toy for my dog she plays with it for a long time before becoming bored !
we love furminator products ! must have for a pug owner ! don't forget to buy the brush and shampoo ! ! we love it
i have two rescues , a chihuahua mix and a yorkie . this works fine for them , as they're small . easy to handle .
i loved the ingredients and nutrition of this product , but i think maybe too early to give to my puppies they wouldn't eat it
these fit my 9 pound terrier mix female pup . finding the right size has been hard but zack and zoey products seem to run true to size .
this is a great option for my cats to lay on when i am laying on the couch watching tv . now they don't climb all over me !
this nail clipper for dogs works great to trim the nails . i would recommend this product to other dog owners .
my dog loves these and i find the price is better than at the grocery store . also i don't drive and i get it really fast this way .
my dog and cat both love these . i buy the large dog ones for capsules , then just break off what i need to wrap around each pill .
very nice birdfeeder , easy to fill and clean . the squirrels cant get onto this one and eat all the birdfeed .
these have been a bit of a miracle for us . these are floor savers and keep the odors way down .
i have small dogs and these trays are perfect . it helps keeping them from sliding their food and water bowl around the floor .
i wouldn't use this for mixing salt , but to quickly check your tanks when feeding or fussing around it's good enough for me .
there were so many warnings on this thing i was afraid to put it on my dog.my vet recommended front line , so i went with that .
it's okay but really useless , i don't know what i was thinking , i think i will use it to massage my feet !
i am so in love with this . matches the litter box . no more having to drag the food container out of the corner .
a must have for feeding coral ; however , this does not work great and feeking shrimp or squid to fish but is perfect for coral .
my sons corgi loves this toy ! it has held up great ... corgis are known for their rough play and he has not cracked this one !
i bought this and i don't see much results . i think i'm going back to the usual dark charcoal filters .
a rug could do the same thing as this . i do not think this product does anything better than a rug .
use it on our three cats no complaints from them . we see no ticks or fleas , life is good ! thanks
very happy with these , the puppy loved them . she has buried them somewhere in the house and they do not leave a mess when chewed on .
my service dog love's it and she has a lot of fun with it . it is her form of letting the stress out besides chuckit
my dogs love these and take them everyday . i like the ingredients and the price . will use these again for sure .
both the dog and cat love these . the odor is a bit strong but it hardly matters since they're gobbled up so quickly !
best dog food out of all in my opinion , and my vet visits are perfect , because my vet compliments me on my dog physical wellbeing .
the extra loop is excellent for dog training ! i tend to keep my dog's leash short regardless , so the extra loop definitely helps !
this thing is perfect for my dog . i like it more than others i've tried . i just wish a doggy bag dispenser was built in somehow .
both my dogs love playing this game . it didn't take them very long to figure out just where to find the tasty treat ! very reasonably priced !
my vet recommended these as really good for dental hygiene for my dog and he loves them so it is a win win situation . definitely recommend them
they are very good pads for the money . more absorbant than pads i have used in the past . would buy again .
probably would have worked better for a cat or a very small dog , but it is sturdy and does the job well otherwise .
my 11 # doxy loves the medium size dog chews . i will get them again , as she has already told me to ! !
they do they're job as dental chews but my dog gets a bit finicky with them and they leave bad mats and stains in his leg fur .
another treat that max loves ! when i get out the bil-jac pouch he starts salivating , so i guess that rates 5 woofy stars .
i just ordered two more flavors , hoping that she will love them as much as she did these . we have a very happy cairn terrier ! !
this is what i expected and is a great price compared to the pet store . will be buying this again in the future
this thing drips continuously . it leaked the entire 0.5 gallon of water into my dog's crate . don't waste your money on this .
my dog would not walk in this no matter what we tried . we followed the recommendations on the instructions and everything .
my cat des not pay vey much attention to this laser . she gets much more involved when we use a hand help one where she interacts with us .
these were bought for our new kitten and they are very nice .. and should last for many years .. very nice quality item
fluffy ate a couple more than i planned when i dropped themand she was one happy pooch.another keeper to reorder !
every toy is tough until it meets a jack russell . this toy did not win a best of show in our house .
helps to maintain the correct readings in your fish tank . i wish it came in a large bottle like the aquasafe .
i feed my three dogs natural balance dry and canned food and i feel that it is a premium food on which my dogs thrive !
the fine part of the pad will peal off after multipule use.it ' s painful to keep ordering these.will try other method to keep this last longer .
love this brush ! i have a goldendoodle who matts like crazy and it gets all his matts out - big and small ! even his groomer noticed :)
i was giving my teddybear pup this product once a day ( 1 tbsp ) and have yet to see any difference .
harness is easy to adjust , has a nice velvet material lining to prevent chaffing . dual clip loops make it very versatile .
we have been feeding our 1.5 year old fiest natural balance wet food mixed with kibble . she loves it , period .
this amuses my dog and us . lots of different animal sounds every time it moves or is touched . it is not easily grasped by the dog's mouth .
this is a quality rake but it did not meet the standards for my short hair dog , can't even use it .
my lab loves to chew , play with toys and entertain himself.this ball suits his needs and he plays with it constantly and can't tear it apart .
it's the exact same come they sell at petsmart for a whole lot more . i have shih tzu . he has to get combed daily .
our little puppies absolutely love these mini bones . we are our happy with the service and the value of this product . will order again .
this item was a bit large for my 2 lb . pom ; however , she's beginning to chew on the midsection now .
these worked great on my english springer spaniels . i like the length it left my dogs hair . i would definitely choose these again ...
this is the second one i've order as the first was finally distroyed after 8 to 10 months of use .
noticed a lack of hairballs and their coats are so fluffy . best cat food i've found in nearly 30 plus years .
for small tanks 75 gal and under don't bother with it if your tank is bigger thosefishgeeks . com . thanks
i enjoy giving her these treats because she enjoys them so much . she looks forward to them every morning and eats them with gusto .
works as intended - bright color and reflective . stays on well while he is running in the woods . this fits my 75lb lab well .
this is the only pet bedding i buy for our rabbit . i've found amazon also has the best price for this size too .
great , love these . fits all sort of can sizes . wish they were a little more sturdy , plastic is kind of thin .
so cute . keeps the dogs entertained for hours but should monitor your pet if you have an aggressive chewer ! small internal parts !
my dogs love these stretch toys . they hold up real well when each of them take a side and play tug of war
perfect for all dogs , especially nursing mommies and her tiny babies ! extremely safe and kills most of the common worms especially roundworms .
dog enjoys licking out peanut butter and then leaves kong alone . i think i will graduate to something harder to remove to gain her interest .
this is a great product ! it really works and i would highly recommend it . prevents those unsightly patches on your lawn .
got a bit of a shock when i opened the box , this is big ! puppy still trying to work it out at this stage
my cat loves these so crinkly and light and sparkly for her . she plays with these constantly and i will buy more in future .
this coat is nice for my elderly pup as it fastens without having to move her arthritic joints . the bonus is the reflective stripe and paw .
dog really likes this ball . but it doesn't take long to chew the handle off if you're not watching .
super cute collar . it looked very nice on my little puppy . she outgrew it quickly as puppies will do . * *
i love this brand . my dogs diarrhea resolved after i am so relieved . we had her on health extension and wilderness and she had diarrhea .
my little guys love to have their kongs filled with peanut stuffing . it will keep them occupied for a long time .
not bad-does what its meant to but they should really make the string elastic . it was annoying to say the least trying to grasp / wrap / tie these
this is a really nice , heavy duty , well made toy for the dogs . i bought two of them & my dogs love them .
soft , but sturdy . incredibly easy to put on . works well for a large sheepdog who cannot have pressure on her neck .
these pockets make it easy to give dogs their pills . they can be cut in half to save even more money--although this is already a great savings !
my cats love it ! ! highly recommend it . don't be fooled by the size of the can . a little goes a long way ..
all my cats love small mice and these are no exception . i find them everywhere ... in and under everything ... but they are having so much fun !
regular flavor budda bones are great for my dogs but they apparently do not care for the minty flavor on these .
this litter does live up to its reputation . very little dust kicked up .
my chauncy loves these treats good for training healthy alternative to those other treats have yet to meet a dog that does not go crazy for these
perfect for kittens and also if you would like to have your cats or small dog safely enjoy the outdoors in a safe and controlled environment .
best price in town for a yearly supply . klaus loves these chewables and i recommend them to anyone with a large breed dog .
does the job , nice size thermometer and stays where you put it in the tank , does not break loose from the glass .
my boy loves this . he is a two year old dobe / mix and is very active . this really keeps him happy . we call it his pacifier
very nice material love the color choice at a glance front or back door . they seem very well made . i am happy with my purchase .
my dog started out liking these . but after a few days he wouldn't eat them my dog is a very fussy eater who rejects most treats .
good item though carabiner could be a little stronger . the carabiner that comes with this product is not as strong as you'd expect .
this stuff is great . the cats love it ( all flavors actually ) , and since eating it their coats are softer , shinier , with less dandruff .
just got these today and my turtle went crazy for these ! he always eats all his other pellet food , but these shrimp he really loved !
my dogs aren't overly crazy about this food but good because they are small and weight control important.health wise it is good for them .
my dog didn't really like it . he didn't see it as a treat , so it wasn't much of an incentive to get him to do anything .
i mix one tsp . with a small amount of dry and they line up for thier breakfast . four diferent cats like this flavor .
helps to moisten the turtles eyes and open them so terramycin can be applied . will probably keep a couple bottles on hand .
bought for my 2 year old golden , who is just learning the frisbee thing.tough enough that she doesn't chew it up , as a usual plastic disk .
again this works perfectly - they have to work at getting the treats out . they are getting faster ... but it keeps them busy .
my dog loves it ... not awhile lot more to say for a rope toy but i recommend buying it here
very hard to put anything into the small hole . dog doesn't like it very much . she just nudges it disappointed
we love it , the dog loves it , it has nearly stopped all her itching and scratching . it smells good and rinses off easily , too .
i have a picture of our cat sleeping with this banana snuggled up to her like a kid would hold a teddy bear . i guess that says it all
i loved this food for our puppy . we just couldn't afford it anymore . one bag barely lasted 3 weeks . it's great quality though .
i have a lot of trouble finding this size in pet stores .. so i was very glad to be able to get it .
these are a much better price then i can find in local pet stores . work great , keeps my tank really clean and clear .
these came just as described . black plastic bags with the little plastic thing in the middle . didn't really need the dispenser , but hey .
my 13 week ild labrador puppy loves it she can really sink her teeth in it . very good product
a great way to exercise an active dog.only dislike is that she can destroy it , if it's not out of reach.would recommend to friends with dogs that fetch .
darn dog can't get enough of this ball he wants to play with it all the time ! he's happy and so i'm i thanks amazon !
i was excited when the package came in and when i received them just laughed . these toys mini are for a toy size dog .
good bags for a great price ! these will last my dogs a very long time . the bone shaped holder works well also .
durable toy that the dogs really like . certainly worth what paid for . i would recommend this as a good buy .
my dog loves this treat and it breaks up easily to make into several treats from one piece . highly recommended
great shampoo and will actually get rid of residual skunk smell . leaves the dogs smelling great - even after getting wet again .
our parakeets love this brand . it's refreshing to know it's healthy for them , but the very fact they dive into it is a plus !
i quickly noticed that my cats drank more water with this fountain . it also gives the house a nice calming effect .
i have a very strong pit bull and he can't chew this thing up . throw some treats in there and it keeps him busy . really great ball .
super cute , my dog just loves the crinkling sounds and he carries it all the time . great investment . so far has held together just fine too .
i use this shampoo to give me yorkie a bath . smells good , now my yorkie doesn't stink up the house !
simply put , it's a fairly inexpensive toy that dogs just love ! highly recommend it for the mini to the standard-sized dog !
this is truely one of my cats favorite toys . fits the wand perfectly and they love to chase it and carry it away when they catch it .
wow ! this really works ! we have an older cat who's become incontinent . this black light has really helped us clean up after him ! we recommend .
easy to use and the kittens love the warmth for the winter . soft , and perfect on and off anyone can use .
good chew for my dutch shepherd . exposed marrow keeps the dog's interest and it lasts longer than a rawhide ! a +
my fussy cat loves this entire line of cat treats , and the fact they are usa made ensures no chinese pollutants .
one of my cats insists we play with it before she will eat her breakfast . she is 13 years old and hasn't played this much all year !
out lab mix loves chasing these . we use the " chuck it " launcher and throw the balls pretty far ! these are durable and fly well !
this is the perfect size insert for thecat washroom / night stand pet house .
helps my dogs ears when she gets bad yeast growth . i took her to the vet first to confirm it was yeast and not other issues of course !
puppy loves them . one bit the dust within an hour and it squeaked to the bitter end . one down , two to go !
this is small in side and was great for my puppy when he was smaller . now that he is bigger i have upgraded to the larger size .
this product has a well-designed applicator which controls the amount of liquid dispensed to reduce waste & mess . my dog considers it to be a treat .
my dog loved these - they were like treats to her . unfortunately , they did not work . at all . very disappointing .
my yorkies love these . really sturdy toys and they can be washed without time and time again . will keep buying kong products for many years to come .
made mini-cupcakes for my teddybear pup for his 1 year bday . he loved the cake . just made sure to spread out when i gave them to him
one of my dogs is an obsessive licker , and this helps deter him from his hot spots , and smells fairly nice as well .
the pill pockets are a god send for dogs who are reluctant to take medicine . it would be nice if they were available in larger packs .
these filters work as described . your fish make waste , that waste makes it into the micro-filtration pads . you remove the pads , rinse and repeat .
my japanese chin still loves these nutri dent nyla bones . they are one of her favorite treats . they make her breath better also .
best cat little i have found so far . very little dust . does not track too far from the litter box .
my new puppy loves this little bunny . it makes the cutest sounds ever . i totally recommend it to anyone with a new pup
here is another design the cats love and it's cute so all of us are happy . good shape for them to stretch out on .
cat is 7 months old now and still plays with it for hours some nights . worth the price for the fun .
my large dogs love this ball and they cant destroy it .. only problem i have is i have to throw it all the time ...
i bought this for a shelter and think this is a great buy . has a good amount of cans and the price was a great deal .
my pup was too big to play with this right away . i think that it should mention that it is for lab sized pups
chosen for comfort and because of the great choice in colors . my puppies will love them and will look ever so cute .
our dog loves these tennis balls , but a few normal ( not really aggressive ) bites and she can pop the squeaker out .
they seem to work fine . have not used them extensively as i have older ones and these are my backup . no problems so far .
this keeps food fresh and keeps the bugs out . very good quality and seal . would def recommend to any pet owner
easy for the dog to grab in the water , floats and is highly visible . my pup would go after this daily if i'd toss it for her .
lids are durable and not cheap plastic . but the lids are too small and do not fit 5.5 oz cat food cans .
you have to protect the doggies when they're in the car . this product works fine and is everything that they describe it to be .
didnt hook onto my cage so it kept getting knocked over and litter got everywhere , which is a pain to clean up /:
the bag that i was given has a hole in the back and all the treats inside are stale . wouldn't think of giving them to my dog .
my kitties prefer the regular over the indoor version but they like it okay as well . the dog loves it so it is still a win .
love this . the dog is using it and saving me so much grief i might get another one . she loves it .
our jasmine is gone now , but when she was alive , this helped her arthritis be less painful and restricting for her .
i have not use this as diligently as i need to but it does leave my dog's coat very nice .
cats love it . it is inexpensive for a urinary tract health product . be aware it does contain a larger percentage of water when comparing .
pretty good . wished they still made this in cotton . but it's really good . everyone use it for trials . comes in all colors , pretty sturdy
all four of my cats love this - i know it's not as healthy as some , but i compare it to mcdonalds for kids .
better quality than i've found locally . my dog doesn't care for the different holograms , but the spotlight is bright and clear .
i needed my bf to slam the pcs together ... they didn't just snap in . other than that , my dog loves it .
we have used this for our small dog for 15months . he loves the taste . they sent it fast & efficiently .
got this for my second pug and luckily she can't chew hew own collar so she is still going strong .
my pigs love this food ... i transitioned from generic food when i discovered this great deal . wish the bag was a ziplock however but great !
nicely sized elk antler--delivered promptly--and lucy the golden put it in her daily rotation of chew objects-not sure if they ever wear out but she is only a light chewer
made in the usa . that is the biggest reason i buy this brand . i buy all my dog's food from amazon .
this is one flavor of friskies that all the cats eat and some of them are quite fussy . it's a hit !
i buy these periodically for my shepherd mix and he is obsessed with them . they keep him quiet and engaged for hours .
my cockatiels love this blend and i was delighted to find it online . cheaper than my local store and just as fresh .
these little bones are perfect for my 3.7 lbs cutie pie . he simply enjoys chewing on them . can't go wrong with these .
it works ! i use this whenever i make a mistake trimming my dogs ' nails and it instantly stops the bleeding . highly recommend !
i don't know . hard to evaluate . i don't notice any obvious behavior changes . but it's worth a try for a family that has issues .
i love this dog spray , smells good , not fake and cheap like some of the other ones i've tried . very pleased .
this is a super little scratch pad that you can move around and velcro to anything in the house that it will fit on .
my dog has many allergies in addition to being very fussy about her food . this is one that she can have and she loves it .
this was bigger than expected , too big for the dog . i returned it and the seller was most cooperative .
litter locker 2 is a great system , daiper genie for cat litter .. i high recommend it ! good price for the refils .
this is a nice pump at a great price . i'm very pleased with it ! it has great air flow and it's quiet
it meets every expectation that i had and the medium size is still small enough but still easy to grip !
just like raw hide chews for dogs.our a . greys really enjoy these . especially our zaabu   would highly recommend them !
my puppies are almost a year old now and while they go through this treat rather quickly ... they enjoy it each and every time .
im glad i got this , im very happy with this.the cats went right to it after showing them what it was .
the size is great but it doesn't look good at all and it's very hard to clean . it does catch litter but a lot of slips away
my dobies love these even moreso than the bully sticks or spirals . i wish they were not quite so expensive .
my cats love this variety ! i enjoy feeding it to them since it is healthy and has the protein they need .
the quality of this is incredible . it's sturdy and heavily padded across the chest . i feel much better with my little guy wearing it .
great price cats love it , they stand on it and turn around and scratch it love the little hanging toy too
good cat chair ... nice construction and both our cats use it to sleep in ... goes with many decors . easy to construct in 3 easy steps .
my little maltese / bichon loves this chicken and oatmeal puppy food.blue buffalo makes quality dog food , no by-products or other useless bad stuff .
pup enjoys to eat this everyday . i think he has liked this over the other varieties i have used . yum !
never ever ever buy card board scratch pads . my cat doesn't even scratch them or even plays with it . waste of money .
i love this item for my cats . they seem to enjoy the taste , plus it is high in nutritional value .
my cats love this stuff , it's a real treat for them , as soon as i russle the packet they come running
this wasn't very beneficial to our cats . it just didn't seem to make a difference at all for them . the search continues ...
interesting toy - the kitties seem to really like this and have enjoyed it since we set it down ~
this has become one of our puppy's favorite toys . i would recommend this toy for dog owners to buy for their pets .
my japanese chin likes all three flavors she has tried . i use them for her dessert . she thinks she needs a treat after her meal in the evening
this is sturdy and stays on the bottom of your tank - no floating ! love it and does the job well , perfect !
i like these because i don't have to worry about poking the the dog . and they are sharp and easy to use .
my bunny loves these . she wont chew on her other toys , but she will destroy these . good product . would buy again .
this product is good for the odor , but my rabbit gets this all over the place worse than the original carefresh bedding .
works well to moisturize a dog's dry eyes , but somewhat pricey considering the small volume of product in the bottle .
the squeeker never dies ! my dog loves it and it is tough enough to stand up to his chewing and etc .
kaylee loves her new sweater ! it fits perfectly and looks really good . she sometimes even leaves it on in the house .
this was larger than i expected . it was about 6 inches long and much larger around than i expected . a bit large for my little dog .
my british black lab loves these treats . i have already bought a second bag . they are about the size of a quarter .
i think the product works well , i use as maintenance , giving occasionally , i don't often find hair balls . could recommend .
these filters are missized and sometimes pretty ineffective however for the price you can not beat the product and price
but my dog destroyed it within an hour . better for light chewers or pups who just like to have a stuffed toy for comfort .
been using it for a month , no problems at all . silent and occasional quiet humming due to air being trapped in chamber .
the cats simply did not respond - - throw the spring one the floor - - they notice - - nothing more . waste of money .
the item arrived and was put into use within two days . they enjoy the food and i enjoy the purchase through amazon.com . thanks .
smells great , lathers nicely - - leaves coat shiny , conditioned and smelling sweet - - hmmmm - - maybe i will try it on my own hair :)
i love this for my dog . smells great and their breathe is heavenly . its important to take care of your animals teeth
have washed my dog with this about three times .. no pain from the soap in the eyes .. no dry skin .. and she smells good !
two of the three cats really love it . the dog chases them in there . apparently its a lot of fun .
this dog food was very good and full of real meat and other healthy ingredients . i recommend it and our dog loves it .
this is the only cat food that my cat does not throw up . i am glad honest kitchen makes it
great filters and great price for the pioneer fountain drinking dish ! it helps my bowl work better and keeps it cleaner from my medium length hairy cat .
my dog runs around with it in her mouth . it looks a little silly , but she loves making it squeak .
just got the pee pads and one of my pups used one as soon as i put it down . i will buy this product again
was hoping this product would help my dogs hair grow back . no success ! but i loved the shampoo other wise . it smells fantastic !
i love it but more important my dog loves it .. have not had to wash it yet , but so far so good .
had to try and force feed these to my cat and even then she wouldn't eat it . melts quickly and cat tasted the chemicals .
kitty loves his turbo scratcher , and i must replace these often . the 2 pack is a good deal , much cheaper than the pet megastores .
this is a wonderful dog chew for those who have pets who do not like the tablets . my dogs love it . !
i bought these for my dogs obviously , and they like them . i will probably order more when i run out .
for the price , they are a great option for kitty . my cat seemed to like them and was mildly entertained .
best product so far among what i have tried , this ones actually removes the smell and my dog gets confused :)
pulled apart within a week - not durable , but the ferrets did play with it.plastic stretchy tube still the best toy i ever bough for my ferrets !
my cats freak over this product . twist it to release that catnip scent and watch them freak out over it .
don't know much to say except they smelled funny upon opening the bag and neither of our 2 dogs would go anywhere near them .
light weight rubber with raised lip does help to keep food in one area.but using to catch water dribble no farther then the matt .
instead of adding water to other canned foods to make gravy i can now just buy this product . my cat loves to lap up the juices .
breeder at a local cat show recommended this to me . she called it " kitty crack " and my cats do love it .
works good and it's cheap . my cat liked it a lot . i would recommend this to your cat if needed .
it does it's job but wish the color indicator was a bit more easier to read because it is hard to tell between 6.3 to 6.8
my conure parrot and parakeet both love this toy . i think it's one of their favorites . they are always chewing , climbing , swinging on it
it hides the litter box well but ( for me with a bad back ) it is difficult to pull it out and push it back in when cleaning .
some reef enthusiasts may not recommend using this or other products like it , but i did and found it significantly aided in the cycle process of my tank .
my 2 german shepherds love these balls . they have provided lots of fun , last a fair amount of time for the price .
a bit hard for my little guy . but when broken up , they get gobbled up . i like the fact that they are very good for him !
my rottie puppy loves this bed . it's very soft and she enjoys her day time naps on it . soft and cushiony .
we have many of their products and very happy with them . this one is okay , prefer sisal post .
our dog likes to grab it by one leg and toss it around ... it's because one of her top 5 favorite toys !
makes the leather car seats feel so much nicer , especially on a long cold car ride . it also protects the car seats very nicely .
my poodle has bad case of stain tears and is always a problem i use this daily and it helps keep her clean and comfortable
my kids think this is a better toy than our dog . wasn't worth the money i paid for it . comes apart too easy .
i am very happy with my purchase , these sweaters fit my dogs really well and keep them nice and warm .
my jack russell / chihuahua mix puppy chews everything ! this is her favorite bone and she has been chewing on it for weeks now .
good quality and the right size for our 5 pound chihuahua.enough room foe a small bed and pee pad .
the fruitables skinny minis chewy dog treats in grilled bison flavor are good because my exceedingly fussy eater will eat these treats if he's in the mood and hungry .
i've bought frontline for my pets for years . i like it much better than the flea collars . keeps the bad stuff off my fur kids .
mine came in a light sand color and feels like cheap sand paper but my birds seem to love it !
it didn't take more than a minute to remove it from the packaging and stick it on my fluval spec iii.readings have been accurate and easy to read .
i have a black pond so i wanted a black airline tube to blend in , this works great for me .
my cats love these . they frequently get them in the morning and they beg for them . the price here was competitive and the delivery is always nice .
dog enjoyed them - kinda pricey . fast delivery . will find some that are more economical , not as expensive as these . happily shopping .
my african grey loves these little biscuits . i just wish they came in a bigger bag . other than that these treats seem to be a very healthy snack
i love this filter it keeps my water nice and clean . will reccomend it to everyone ! ! no problems at all , very silent ! ! !
i love these curved shears . they have really helped with my grooming . they are sharp and i love the blunt protective ends on these .
you get enough for several applications . i have found that i can not totally return phosphate levels to 0 with this product but it works and claims reusability .
my cat loves these ! no coercing her to eat something that is beneficial . plus , i saved a few bucks over the vet's price .
my dogs are picky at times but these are great for them and they love them , good chew and treat , happy with my purchase
this looks adorable on my 10 lb exotic shorthair and he seems to be comfortable in it . he wore it all christmas day .
this is so perfect , the cats cannot dig in the dirt or eat it right down to the dirt . they love it !
its an interaction toy between you and your pet . even the 1 year old gets involved . more important , its great exercise !
the only problem i have with it is that they use a red zip tie for you to hang it on your bag or leash .
my dog was able to break this in two . he's a 1 year old lab , and not a super aggressive chewer .
my dog destroyed this in minutes . the toys was fun while it lasted . not meant for a dog that likes to chew .
the filters i received fit perfectly and do the job they are suppose to do by filtering the water in animals drink fountain
the bags on board bone dispenser is so cute and compact , i attach it to my leash . it is well made and easy to refill .
recommended by my dog's vet and my dog loves it . supposedly the best for my dog and it helps take care of her teeth
smells a little too perfumy for me but cleans paws so well unlike some others , this actually has enough texture to grab dirt off of paws !
my 2 dogs just love these plus vitakraft makes a few different flavors and not only are these treats but they are also vitamins
my dogs love these , my 2 hounds have allergies and these agree with them , ty ty ty very good for their teeth
my schnauzer loves chasing balls around the house and backyard and these are the right size for her to pick up and return and play with
buy this with the 10 - liter tetrafin flakes for my gold fishes . this is good value , much cheaper than buying from petstore or walmart
and they are made in the usa . i do have to break some pieces up for my chi pup but they are a big hit !
dogs love the taste and after a couple of days using it on their teeth , their teeth started becoming white again . works great ! !
i ordered after reading several reviews stating how great it was . i haven't noticed any difference at this time . will continue to use and see .
smells great . easy on the eyes of my shih tzu . leaves her hair nice and soft . product is nicely packaged .
this was perfect for my smaller turtle tank it kept the water nice and warm with no maintenance . great buy
i use this litter for my chinchillas ' cages . it's not dusty and if they eat it , it won't hurt them !
my cat loves it he runs and goes thru the holes and hides in the cube and then he will hide his toys in it also , keeps him busy
these are perfect for my dachshund . they would probably be too small for a larger breed dog like my boxers .
soft and easy to break up for smaller dogs and all my dogs love them . happy with them being made in the usa .
this product works great it has really cut down on the staining . my dog is an apricot and stained red .
my dog doesn't seem to notice it's in the water . it works great on her teeth . this is a good product !
does what its supposed to do and it's big but works well on small turds if you have a small dog too
my dog had this toy for five minutes before she destroyed it ! if you have a strong chewer , i would not recommend this product .
this is a very pale pink ! it is very cute on my sweet little girl dog though the fabric is not as dark as the photo .
these easy strips test work amazing well , they even read the chlorine content and hard water too ! i would recommend these to anyone .
these work as expected . they prevent reverse flow in aquarium pump tubing . they don't have the direction marked so i had to try it out .
excellent large scoop , well made and sturdy and easier to scoop out big boxes with multiple cats than plastic ones .
my dog loves these ! he would eat the whole bag if i let him . he never turns them down ! your dogs will love them too !
been using puppia for years , will never buy any other brand ! love the matieral and quality of harness , my canines love them as well !
the little dogs were fine but the doghouse seam was not finished on the inside , the foam was exposed on both of the ones i purchased .
my dog loves this harness , and so do i . no strain on his neck . highly recommend this for all dog owners .
my puppy is in training and the trainer recommended these . he loves them . the are small so you don't neet to break them like other treats
fish owners , stop wasting your money on this product and buy seachem prime . you will not go back to this weak water conditioner .
this is by far the best of the clickers , it is worth the extra money , it just feels right and fits in the hand well .
great idea and love busy buddy toys but my doberman destroyed it in 5 minutes ! ~ what a waste !
my weim really enjoyed the toy . she squeaked and squeaked it until today when she decided to rip it open and pull out all the stuffing .
it's made of a weird material that neither of my boys will go near . it appears that it would be ideal but just doesn't work for them ..
my puppy likes this , so i mix with his regular dry food , that is not as interesting as this brand .
the vet . told me most house cats are dehydrated . she told me my kittens were doing well . my cats love the fresh water and drink often .
so she's not a puppy , but these treats are perfect for our senior chihuahua who has a hard time chewing .
well , my dogs don't come running to get their teeth brushed , but they certainly like tis better than regular toothpaste . makes brushing their teeth a bit easier
goes well next to a sunny window , very nice quality which stays put when a cat climbs or jumps off n
the pump went bad so i reordered a bigger one . i like this product and our dogs use it as well as both cats ! :)
this is a great leash , and a high quality one as well . i liked it so much i got the short one too .
the durascoop is well made but it is just too big . it is hard to get into the box corners and does not fit in most scoop holders .
i've been using this for a month in my living room . my male cat still antagonizes my female . i can't tell if it is doing anything ...
donated it to a rescue that use them all the time especially for special needs rescues . great for older dogs with arthritis .
this toy is holding up very well with vigorous chewing from our lab . we even play with this one by throwing it in the house . great toy .
this is really cute and has been well played with by my chihuahua oliver . if oliver is happy than then rest of the house if happy .
with a 100 pound dog it got just too expensive . i switched to costco brand and the vet said it's good . i'd rather use blue , but ...
my dogs always go with me with that security belt , and i'm not worried about a sudden break cause they are secure with that .
does the job ! it's basic tubing that fits tightly around the air pump outlet and air stone inlet . good length .
i really like being able to buy this dog food online and not have to lug it home from the grocery store .
nice quality i just wish they were a little more user friendly to put on . bought this for my french bulldog , she weighs about 20 pounds .
while i don't use this as much as i though i would need it . it seems to do the trick in my apartment when needed
the bed is soft and nice looking . my dog chewed it up in about 10 minutes so i never got to find out if it's durable after washing .
we have two frenchies and a westie and all of them rejected this toy . the westie loves food and treats so not sure what their problem is .
lots less expensive than the science diet vet prescribed . allergy symptoms are way down .
my cats liked it initially than after a few days they lost interest . i tried to hid it and bring it out again but still not interested
my cat loves the taste of this food and eats it all up . there is no fighting her any more at meal time .
this is the only food i feed my little teacup poodle jolie . she loves it and she has a beautiful coat of curly hair . great product .
super nice little pumps ! very quiet and works quite well ! replaced the coral life pump in my 29 bio-cube and it works much better and quieter now !
have two big cats , both over 15 lbs and this is a nice size for them . high sides keep litter from spilling over .
the product was nice but it was way too small . my cat was 13 pounds and could not fit in it .
i use these in my biocube . they are effective for over a month . they are good filters and reasonably priced .
these are very cute . i keep a couple inside and one outside . they are very durable . i would recommend them for a small dog .
good for my dogs get a lot of hot spot on skin , , use it to make feel better thank you
my cats are 15 years old and they still love to play . they go crazy for this as they jump and play , it's great for us both .
my cat loves da bird and the replacement packs keep the toy fresh . something about the new scent reignites his interest in it .
my cats love the nice fresh water and the movement of the water . easy to clean and care for . runs pretty quietly .
having an older cat with bladder problems these have been a furniture saver . no leaks and that's what important not wanting to have furniture cleaned every month .
the value was there . but my dog barely touches these , which is rediculous . the pet store versions seem more desirable to him for some reason .
haven't had occasion to use it much this year so far , but it fits nicely and appears to be very sturdy . i'm sure it'll last a lifetime .
these are always a hit with cats . i have lots of friends who have cats also and - - no cat has ever passed these treats by .
this was a great buy a little thin but they work great and will not run out for along time
super convenient & dogs all love it ! bonus that it is low cal . i always keep a stick with me for treats on the go .
haven't opened it yet but it looks good . was a good price , at a much better price than at the store
keeps my dog's allergies from being so bad , have to keep up with it though , makes me dog happier , lasts a long time
great trimmers . used on my aussie , collie mix , and two rottweilers . they are sturdy and made well . would purchase again .
i don't care for the messiness of putting them together but for it's worth it for the price . would recommend for anyone using this type of filter
my three cats go bonkers for any stinkies product . it keeps them happy , which makes me happy so i will definitely purchase again .
never have i given my babies ( cats ) such a well balanced food like evo you can see and smell the difference as soon as you open the can
have had one of these before and the lost the end cap but wanted the same thing and they were cheaper here than in the store so problem solved .
bought it for my animals , but they never would lie on it . and then it leaked even though they never used it . threw it away eventually
so cute but i order five of them and received all the same animal the green one . about the size of a woman's hand but easy to carry .
easy to open and super cheap . could not believe how expensive these are in stores . holder is odd but easily replaced .
a large was still too small for my 9.5 chihuahua . reordering the xl , hopefully it fits . highly recommend . outfits without the velcro is better .
tiny bag , images makes it look likes large bag , and they did not last very long with does , chewed them in no time .
my chihuahua puppy loves these treats ! perfect size for the small kong toy ! she spends hours trying to reach for one of these !
this product works on my cats . i can see results . i'd recommend it . i will order it again in the future .
my lab mix loves these lammy chews . i order her a bag every week . would highly recommend even for larger dogs .
outstanding chewing , chumping , and having something to do for a long time with this kind of bone . my dog can't get enough !
well another ripped apart dog toy in under 5 minutes .. i would not purchase this if i were you .. it's not worth any time nor any money !
it has corners that hold stuff , and makes it very hard to clean . i really hate this litter box but the cats seem to like it .
all my girls love it . i have it by a window for more viewing power . great addition and sturdy . i'd buy it again !
it's durable but the shape leaves it unbalanced to throw well , a good hand tosser but not good with the chuckit handle .
my aggressive chewer enjoys this . he gets bored with things quickly but he is still going at it with this bone .
these are good pads for me . i have small dogs . if you have a big dog they probably will be a little thin .
what can i say about a pump - they constantly break and i constantly have to replace them . so ...
wonderful toy . i have gotten it for several of my dogs now , on a side note peanut butter plays a key roll in this toy .
i've had many other colors . this one is definitely my favorite color . it looks really neat and clean . let's see how long that lasts .
my yorkie is absolutely nutty about these squirrels . and do they take a beating . they're well made and adorable . i highly recommend them .
there isn't much to say about a pet scoop but this metal one is very nice and scoops very well .
this is a nice well-made pooch pack . i like that i can take they dog out , but that he can carry his own stuff .
my dogs just love hedgehogs for some reason . they normally kill all there toys but this one has managed to last and be treated like a baby .
5 paws on this one . the cats love this and the turkey best . those are the 2 staple flavors in the pantry for my torties .
dog loves it - but tiny dog is able to destroy it in less than five minutes - would not recommend - flimsy
i try all the dingo products for my dogs and they loved this product . it's good for a special treat .
both my dogs loved this toy . they gutted it promptly and have played with the carcass for months and months now . they actually seek it out .
good size , good quality , catches litter . does its job so i give it 5 stars . i like the color and design .
unfortunately , i had to send this back . the fit was odd , causing it to bunch up under my pup's front legs .
these are decent clippers but mine snag about half way closing . it's not too big a deal but it's kind of annoying .
what else can you ask for t a reasonable price.id not want the cheap plastic cap you at lfs stores
love the quality and style of this very pretty dog collar . the collars are vibrant and look beautiful on my dog .
i have finicky cats and they seem to like this stuff 80 % of the time . they actually like the chicken flavor the best .
this is a great little crate - my westie fit perfectly and like it a lot . he's now house trained :)
awesome product , recommended by our vet . used it once so far , it got the tick off neatly with no problems .
it did not last very long with my standard dachsie pup . though he did enjoy it as a chew toy .
our puppy loves this paste . we stuff in a regular puppy kong , sometimes as a sealing for other food and some times by itself .
this product works great . it is easy to use and grip in my hand as well as manipulate with my dog .
the bell doesn't make much noise and the fork , spoon , knife are all plastic so it doesn't make much noise either .
i've tried a lot of puppy pads and these are among the best . do not leak ; and now foot prints carry over .
the puppy loves this bone second best to the dental dinosaur chew . it's easy for the puppy to chew on it and to hold it with his paws .
top-notch quality dog treats ! pure and nutritious , and my dog is crazy about them . feel good about rewarding your best friend !
another great toy / hide out for my ferrets . they love these things that they can get into , and play & nap . great .
good idea but first you need to train both dogs to walk calm and in order . if not , they will tangle up .
awesome dog toy ... my two dogs love it and bounce it in the pool continually and then wine for me to fetch it out ...
works well . i add it anytime adding new fish and every once in a while just to create a good environment for the fish and their slime coat .
best price and i always us this one because it always works as its suppose too .
this is so easy to deal with and no spilling all over . i have two dachshunds and they both think this is nifty !
i use this for dog agility trials . it works well . keeps my dog secure andcan put a shade cloth over the top when it is hot .
really like the quality of this pad which i got for my puppy . it has held up after numerous washing & dryings .
the dogs like the food but the cans were horribly dented and leaking . the box was fine so i think this happened at the warehouse .
my dogs love the zukes superfood dog treats berry . i give them as a nutritional supplement daily along with the superfood dog treat greens .
the bath wipes seem to do the trick of in-between baths , especially if you have a shar-pei with lots of wrinkles that have to cleaned throughly .
my cat's sores are healing nicely . he doesn't mind the daily application ; he used to run away when i was using another brand.happy cat , happy me !
my dog's ears are clean as a whistle after using this product . i recommend this brand to everyone that has long ear dogs .
my cats love these ! they are light , inexpensive and just big enough . i have one in e rey room . i would definitely buy them again .
my dog loves the knots inside . pretty solid and sturdy little toy , and a squeaker . always happy with kong toys .
great for the price . style and size are perfect for the small animal play pens . color is bright and beautiful .
this flea trap is really good . it is easy to set up and it seems to draw and trap the fleas very well .
this is great and i will totally be reordering this a bunch for my dog . definitely a favorite and a real time consumer !
they're rubber mats . you put something on them , it doesn't slide off and they're easy to clean . they're black . the end .
dog loves bed and because the top flops down he doesn't chew holes in this bed .
this is a sturdy lead which i use with a double lead adapter . it works great with this products as i have sturdy dogs .
both the old dog and the young dog have hip dysplasia . they both enjoy this dog food and it does seem to help maintain mobility .
dog loves it and it fits perfectly into her crate ! the removable cover is perfect too , wash and replace ! happy dog .
i have been using them for about six months . a friend got them as a gift and i came on amazon for more , very pleased
my yorkie puppy loves this new toy . it is easy for her to carry around and it is very well made .
the title says it all . if you don ; t have one , you need to get one . even caesar milan uses these .
we got this for our dog and we are very please with item and i would recommend this item to anyone who wants to buy it for there dog .
writing this review for my dog . she gets these on an every day basis when she does something good and sometimes for a snack .
i have two min . schnuazers and my dogs love this canned food . i especially appreciate the home delivery and a good price as well .
this is a great doggie sweater that runs a little on the small size . order the next size up , and it should fit .
my dog has a very shiny coat and no dry patches . he likes the taste of this powder and i think it really helps him .
great natural ingredient snack for my little puppy . smells like beef jerky . i will definitely keep buying these . :) .
my puppy feels safe in his crate . this has to be one of the best well-constructed crates i have come across in a long time .
these are good for occasional use , but i haven't found anything spectacular about them . i probably won't buy them again , but they're fine .
very good product . i take my cat to my boyfriend every weekend and he just relaxes in the backseat or right next to me .
nice size . difficult to fold and put together for carrying . dislike the one door although but that was to expected . its durable .
i love these compressed air cans . they are a safe way to keep my cats from getting into areas and objects i don't want them in .
my doggie always smells so fresh and clean . i like this and buddy splash - lavender mint ! both smell awesome !
these are one of the most popular treats we ever purchased . i like that this product is american made . the pieces are lightweight cubes and odor-free .
these are functional , but i don't smell the lavender scent . a few ripped on me when i tried to get excess soft poop off grass .
great for our new pup , she is growing so fast and this keeps her busy and keeps her from chewing on our stuff . very nice .
this thing is very loud , i got to turn it off before i go to bed . it also suck the sand out of my aquarium .
this product left my two guinea pigs smelling nice and clean ! ! i would recommend this product if you are looking for a safe and nice smelling shampoo .
the color of this sand is very nice . it is not too fine but not coarse and big . it's perfect .
love them it allows us to put all our pets info . they are microchipped and the tag is an added precaution
much better value than the stuff we bought at pet smart the first time . we are loving having a chinchilla .
i bought this colorful toss toy for a friend's dog . it is well-made and the dog loved playing with it .
best brushes made for taking the tangles out of dogs coats . as a groomer , this is a must have brush .
my toy poodle rarely plays with this bone , it's too slippery , she prefers toys and chews easy to hold in het little arms ..
i would recommend to all cats that eat dry food . it is purina's better product of dry food . easily digestable .
my dog likes to lick the frozen toy filled with oatmeal / peanut butter / yogurt mix , but he has no interest in playing with it .
favorites of my cats-along with the other tasty treasures-they love this brand and new morsels in it they could eat it all day
this variety pack of grilled tuna , salmon and seafood continues to be one of the big favorites among our four cats !
great service and first rate perfect merchandise . i will never buy another brand . if my fish had hands , they'd be writing to you themselves . thanks
both my amazons love this toy ! the one amazon took 3 days to chew it and the other took about a month .
i guess it's yummy , i give my dogs one each when i leave for work and they all seem happy .
i love this thing , the coleman trophy elk pet toy is perfect for little ones who like to try and destroy their toys .
i have an aggressive chewer it has held up a little longer than most toys but still prefer the kong black and red chew toys !
the kong large red toy was a hit with all our dogs and puppies . the peanut butter flavored dog treat workedwell and kept them all busy playing .
this product works great on my maltese ! no more tear stains and no more discolored feet from licking . great product for tear stains .
my little chihuahua's really enjoy these , and they are one of the very few dental products endorsed by the american veterinarian dental association
thought this would comfort our young pup but she always tries to chew it so we have not actually been able to try it out on her .
my dogs loved this toy . unfortunately they tore one of the ears off . very cut .
i have been using preventic collars for over a year now and they work great on both my dogs . i will stick with these for years to come .
it doesn't matter what product i've bought and given to my dog--she loves them all . i highly recommend zukes products .
my bird ( cockatoo ) is a picky eater but he really likes these . it's about the only thing he eat fully without dropping on the floor .
this product is perfect for dog stains and the odor left behind . i have used this for years after trying in the vets office .
i have trusted this brand for years . i highly reccommend it.my cats really enjoy it.great value , for the money , less than the grocery store .
this is yet another example of a great product from nylabone . our 95 pound shepard loves this bone and it has withstand his power jaws for now ...
this tuffy toy was a big hit with my corgi and black lab puppy ! they played and played with it . it's pretty tough too !
good but he doesn't play much with it , he likes colored things . i will keep trying to see if he likes
my three dogs , two are seniors , love this food . i'm happy their getting the nourishment they need to keep them happy and healthy .
yes it does work on my dogs and helps heal their ears fro tropicl fungus which shepards and shelties are famous for
easy to use and very affordable cartridges . each time i replace the filter , the amount of waste and debris collected is very noticeable .
all 4 of my cats love this , but it tips over alot . wish the base was alittle heavier .
my dogs love these bogs . they are a good product and i will purchase them again for my dogs because they enjoy them .
my cat seems to enjoy playing with it . it holds up to a great deal of abuse delivered by my very large cat .
there small and they make a cute little noise my dog heard me open the package and he wanted it right away
i would not purchase this product again . the product was not thick but a little too runny for my taste . it did have a good smell .
whisper should not be its name .. silent is more like it ! ! you dont even here this pump i love it . great buy .
very very cute but my pompom is too fluffy so you can barely see them ... i wish they'd be a tiny bit bigger .
we keep out snacks in this container so that there aren't any bugs sharing our food .
works great for my shih tzu and maltese ; very good prices compared to petsmart ..
my dog likes this and has not been able to ruin it , finally a product that can hold up to the crazy chewer dogs !
good product , nice large container.my fish fight over it they love it so much.price is cheaper than the stores . i will be buying it again .
well my dog is very smart was bored with this and didn't ever really like pulling the balls out to play with them .
they will not complete prevent urine from killing grass but do help a lot even if i have to use about twice the recommended dosage .
i love it , turtles love it too . sturdy construction which stays in place and looks great on a side of my 55 gallons tank . highly recommended
my bunny really does eat these like pretzels . she just had a problem with gi stasis , so i'm very happy to see her eating so much fiber .
they work ok . they aren't as sharp as i thought they should be so they don't cut as clean as i would like but they do work .
works great on my bio cube acrylic tank . i've had it over a year now . i would buy this again when it wears out .
both of my dogs lost their rabies tags that were attached to these . they need to have a stronger ring . wish i hadn't bought them .
while the chicken is " cute " , our lab has shown very little interest in it , and she loves toys but i guess just not chickens .
yes loved the way the product was used by my cat so after her death i passed it on to a friend for her cat .
the bowl is perfect for traveling or fun days at the park . neatly folds for easy storage . my dog loves it !
loved it . it was on the dog until it faded / i wanted something new . it's fun and sassy on our pup .
the puppy pads are great to train you pup and when it's cold outside , like 10 degrees it's nice to have a pad for the little guy .
i got this for my little betta tank at work . at home i use the liquid testers . they are more accurate .
my pup has food allergies , and we must have gone threw a million different chews , this one was the winner !
we love these caps ... the combination of sizes is perfect for us ... they have added a convenience to every day living and i like that .
item as described . i've purchased these filters for quite sometime now . hard to find in stores . highly recommend . price reasonable .
didn't like the fact that the provided 9v battery lasted only 2 weeks , not a good sign . but so far the shocking mechanisms of it works well .
my dog was not interested in this treat . she's not much of a chewer ( she's an akita ) but this is now an ornament on my floor .
this works good , i use it in a zoo med deep dome , and it helps keep my bearded dragon warm , especially on cold winter nights .
the dogs liked them ... they did not smell bad ... the treats felt like plastic , but broke open like a milkbone ... not made in china
i love and use this product regularly for my dog . we cut her hair and home and these are easy to use ! !
i am pleased with this product as it covers my leather seats well for my german shepherd dog is of good size . machine washable which makes it nice .
i have two small dogs , a yorkie and a morkie who both love to chew . this is their nighttime treat and they both love all three chews .
as much as our two year old lab loves to chew these bones , she can be very busy hiding and re-hiding them or the leftovers for later !
my dogs liked this toy so much that i just went ahead and got 3 more - balls out for play are like socks in the dryer - lol
decided to try these as the ones i was getting from the vet were much more expensive and they seem to do the trick .
works great holds the treats and clip to my belt easy i also like the closable tie on the side .
kitty loved these potent little things . she was also fond of the rope on it that she could pull around the house .
my lab is allergic to everything & this was one of the treats allowed on his list . he likes it pretty well !
these have worked out great for training treats and it's something different to vary the taste for our pup . zukes is the best anyway and these are another example
cute toy and the cats love it , but it is rather over-priced and the cats keep removing the mouse from the attachment .
still around ! we've had our rescue for a few months and she loves to learn tricks for these treats ! thanks
really wanted to use this but my cat is enormous and it didn't fit :( i might have to order the one for small dogs !
our gsp puppy was eating her food to fast and getting sick at every meal . we now feed her using this , and she loves it !
cat loves it ! so far , holding together nicely . shipped quickly and well packaged . would buy again if we ever need to .
this a very nicely made , cool little hanger ( actually very nice size ) . it will hold leashes , keys , whatever very well .
i wish these weren't so expensive because my puppy absolutely loves them ! she's been through all the flavors and you can't go wrong !
luv luv luv the designhad to put boxes of baking soda in each container to get rid of smell prior to usebut now they're good to go
fish food ... my fish eat it . not sure what else to say about it . it is a large container so it lasts a few months
we have two dogs - a small one and a large one . both enjoyed these treats , and the little one is pretty picky .
my picky eater absolutely loved this food . he loved every flavor he tried . it smells really bad , but that's okay because he likes it so much !
i've been using these for years . no doubt they are the top of the line filters for small tanks . just wash them out before using
its clear flow line that seem to function as it should . no leaks does not tend to kink and fairly easy to hide .
it is a good deal to order it in a back of twelve that is deliverered , most cat i have prefer theses treats ,
my chins had a fun few moments but had this chewed up in no time flat ! may be great for other small animals - just not chins
my beagle loves this especially smeared with peanut butter . unfortunately , she can still damage it . much better price than the big pet stores .
puppy dosn't really pat attention to it much . 12 wekk old pit bull that likes bigger bones . have an older nylabone that he chews on now .
as expected this kong toy is very durable and both of my small dogs love to play with this toy .
this product is avian veterinarian recommend - however i am not getting my birds to accept as new food - however i am not yet giving up
i feed my dog natural balance dog food and his breeder recommended these treats . he likes the tastes and they are made with wholesome ingredients . highly recommend
only food supplement i use for my dog . thank you i will order again . would recommended to friends and family . thanks
i used regular carbon for a long time before switching to chemipure elite which comes with their own bags . if you need it get this , works great .
my beagle has a super shiny coat and loves this food . it has real bits of dried fruit and veggies in it
these are great for those heavy chewers ... they last long and both of my dogs love them ! i will buy them again .
love this heater the 300 watts does the job and i got them b4 the first cold snap in georgia we have great weather but it does occasionally get cold
a + excellent product / great company . my friends dog love's it ! would highly recommend this wishbone chew toy to any pet owner .
was having problem finding just particular flavors my cats liked , my usual sites were running out of the product and discontinuing it until i found this .
my boxer likes these , but he doesn't get really excited about them . but if they work as advertised and clean his teeth , then they are great .
i received exactly what is shown on the listing for this product . the box was new and unopened and undamaged . i would order again .
my morkie puppy loves this toy . she pulls it all around and chews on it all the time . i definitely recommend it for little doggies
my tricky dogs can't get this open . they can , however , roll it around the kitchen . it also keeps the food fresh .
i purchase this as part of set - the harness , lead and collar . great product and i would recommend it to others .
kitties showed no interest--did not want to go near the bed--maybe an odor on it ? keep looking for something else !
the paste is too loose , which make it easy for my cats to flick it off their paw . i prefer the hartz brand .
what can i say , it's a pooper scooper . it does it's job , now if i will just do mine and pick up the back yard .
i gave this to two of my dogs and they both lost their appetite . appetite returned when i stopped giving it to them . and it didn't work
jerk ! he immediately chewed off the feet , but it made a decent ball even without them ... maybe better since it would no longer squeak .
purchased this product for my golden retriever.same day i gave it to her ... she bit into it and it ruined.had to send it back.not good for my dogs ..
didn't seem to make any difference at all . our animals are just as well without it as they were before we started giving it to them .
cleared up the algae for sure . its done the job , but its so huge ! ! ! i have 55 gallon and it almost touches the bottom .
good prices , smells great . what not to love ? i gave my dog a bath every week , and this is my go to product .
finally ! have tried everything to help my cat with hairballs and constipation . these do the trick - - and she loves them !
this brush works well if cat does not have matted hair , but did not remove mats from my long-haired cat . still had to cut them out .
the bed was delivered very quickly and in great condition . my dog seems to really like the bed and lays in it all the time .
i have one overweight dog and i can feed these to her as an alternative to carrots . she loves them !
got it for my 60lb lab mix ... it was way too small . return was easy and fast . prob a good summer bed
my bernese mountain dog puppy loved this toy until she decided to become very destructive with all of her toys and chewed holes in them
spray the object instead of the kitty . what a concept ! it's my kind of product and not available in local stores .
it heat up my tank but it was big lol but it still do the job , best heater i ever used !
my cats like this . i like the blue buffalo products because they are very healthy for cats . i will order again .
our dog doesn't want anything to do with this . he is a little pup so maybe he will grow into it .
got this for the little ones to eat . small pets love there alfalfa . mine do a happy dance when we put in there cages
hiwe get this for our bunnies , they love it . the bag is nice size and the hay is good quality . will purchase again
all our dogs love all varieties of yummy chummies ( except the hard cruncy ones ) but they are older dogs & cannot chew . would recommend
this is nice lead but i prefer the old style of latch ( or whatever you would call it ) . this is difficult to attach and take off .
the big boy loves his pork strips . it does not have additives , fillers or bi-products . it is pure meat and yummy !
these a big round bones with nothing on the outside . my dog got bored in minutes . i ended up throwing the rest away .
i have been through a few air pumps for my many aquariums - this one is the best by far !
don't get it for a large dog that chews ... chewed off legs in a matter of minutes and punctured the cracked inside instantly .
a toy staple when you have several dogs . the yard has to have ropes !
we order these bowls , for our dogs crate .. we thought we would put them on the crate but she likes them on the ground right now .
followed the directions . kept my puppy from peeing in that spot for a total of three hours . promptly returned it .
my big dog loves this toy . it lasts forever , and is easy to stuff with peanut butter . great buy overall .
came greasy and stinky ! hedgehog wouldnt eat them and there were lots of empty ones . you get what you pay for i guess
nice cat toy , my babies like it . would recommend to friends . price was fair and i probably buy another tunnel .
dog toy looked as pictured . my dogs tear apart other toys as soon as they get them but this is still one piece and will get others .
toy is not medium / large as expected but rather small in size ! obviously not intended for medium size dogs so buyers beware .
very handy , and just what i wanted for my 2 ragdoll cats . not difficult to set up . cats love it .
perfect ! no cavities so far .. she has eaten them for a few years , one every night . her breath is still bad though ...
well made toy sits neglected no matter where i put it . they just aren't interested . ? who knows what goes on in widdle kitty brains ...
all my cats love this stuff ! i helped raise several kittens with it and my adult cats go crazy for it too !
great cat brush . tiny bristles get all the hair . easy to clean and use :) :) :) definitely a great gift idea for pet owners .
this is a great product to keep on hand for young puppies who are adjusting . my puppy loved it and would lick it right out of the container !
so much easier to use then a normal tank thermometer and works pretty great ! so much easier to check my fish tank now .
healthy food for my cat good for her skin and fur and most important she likes it ! ! i would purchase it again .
my girl has ibd and has done well with this food . nice " gravy " which cats love . we all are glad for this food .
i am ordering a second one for a relative . it works great , and a dog that normally does not like to be brushed loves it .
works great , the dog likes them , and everywhere we go people laugh and smile when they see the dog in the " sunglasses . "
it takes a while for them to chew which makes it nice i think this will be their go to treat !
product works well although it takes a bit more muscle than i anticipated , think this is partially due to the general stubbornness of algae in general .
these are not strong at all . i have them about 12 " above the water level and it barely lights anything .
bird loves it but i should have bought the larger size ... birdie removes it from it's place in new holder i bought at same time
these are exactly what i was looking for--they seal very tightly , but since they are clear i can still see inside . can't be happier !
they have to be perfectly level otherwise bubble just come out one end . and of the two i bought , one just stopped working after a month .
this is the most durable brand toy out there . its the only thing that stands upto my aggressive chewer .
i gave this to my constantly shedding beagle . absolutely no change was noted other than stinky farts ! ! i  ll keep looking .
my kitten loves loves loves this food ! price is much better than in the pet stores . ( only available in pet stores )
nice quality low dust aspen bedding - approved by my thayer's kingsnake ra who seems to enjoy burrowing in it !
this is the only way to get either of my cats to take pills ... they love them so much that they think they're getting treats instead of meds !
made in china all ove tv about the poison scare . this is made in the very same factory in china ! ! !
i brought this for first aid kit , the shipping was fast and product is as advertised . would use merchant again .
it helps calm down my dad's 20 old nervous cat . keeps the peace in our mulit-cat household . a good buy .
they are mice . they rattle . my cat likes them . sixty of them will last her her entire lifetime . :d cheap .
for me , these have the perfect size rubber band , that is good quality . the bows are not too large for my 2 pound yorkie either .
i clipped my boyfriend's lab's nails and it worked , so for the price i paid , i'm happy !
great smell and cleans well . my 1 year old golden retriever loves to be rubbed with them and he smells so great after . good cleaning .
cats love it and much better quality food . i use it for my cat that has kidney problems and she has improved .
these are great pills and the price is unbelievable ! i am back to order more for the rest of my cats . thank you .
mine rattles with the lid on , so i don't use the lid at all.now it's pretty quiet , and the cat likes it .
finally . a scooper that is sturdy enough to last.the plastic alternatives have always broken after a time.this one makes the plastic scoopers obsolete .
i use this on my doodles face , ears and tail . it is much gentler than a regular comb and it works really well .
i sprayed this on some of kitty's toys and she turned her nose at them . i'll keep trying , but so far she hates this smell .
the synthetic pheromones are supposed to be undetectable to humans , but i notice an odor . it's not unpleasant , it's just noticeable .
so far , appears indestructible . my power chewer german shepherd likes it , as does his puppy gs sister . heavy & somewhat bouncy .
just make sure it's sealed up well and there won't be extra mess left when you roll it . works great .
my two dogs love this ball . they play around with each other and they have fun . =d i am thinking and buy a bigger one .
bought this for my 45 gallon bow front . tap water here reeks with chlorine but this stuff seems to do the trick . fish are happy and healthy .
these zack and zoey sweatshirts are great . they wash well , don't shrink and keep our dog warm . what more can you ask ? ?
not well constructed , came apart when the hay was put in it . not very large although it was the large manger .
if you have pets in your home these lids are a must , great for left-over cat food , try them you will appreciate their use .
i purchased these in bulk as we have two dogs . right size and not too difficult to open one handed while holding leashes . highly recommended .
this has helped so much for my labs ears , she has allergies and just one dose calms down her irritation without any antibiotics !
not very easy to put on my puppy ! i ended up buying one at petco which is so much easier and better.no i would not recommend
unable to hold three larger dishes , it does slide around on our tile floor . still useful enough and catches the spillage and cleans up fine .
these milk bone dog treats are the best size for all size dogs . i like them to give to my furry friends that i meet at work .
this thing doesn't stay on very well , it leaks , and the spring is hard to put on . i was disappointed .
this product works well for cleaning the crud that accumulates around my dogs eyes . it doesn't appear to irritate him in any way .
i use it on my subaru forester 2013 . fits well and serves the purpose . i will recommend to a friend .
oh my ... these are the best thing since catnip ! my 5 cats love these & have given us much fun & enjoyment watching them !
love the salmon kibble . i love the quality of ingredients . mix with tofu , some veggies , canned salmon and i have three happy grandoggies .
dogs like them i have not tried them wish they were cheapercostly for a 100 dog dog rescue and no one offers discounts
doesn't work . pure and simple its a piece of chinese junk . there is no way i would ever buy this again . waste of time and money .
my dog looks adorable in this and it is nice and warm . he looks like a badass but warm dog .
we received the package , and the product is freshness and in a good shape . there is nothing broken or torn apart inside . the package was good .
my dogs like these and they at least last awhile . i have a huge dog and it takes him some time to chew . :)
my one year old pitbull can chew through this . it's tough but only lasted a week or two .
my 2 yr lab loves to chew on these balls . and they are hard to rip and last for a very long time .
does a good job of pumping and seems to stay cleaner than most pumps i have had in the past hope that it will last a long time .
our cats get bored if we give them the same flavor all the time , so we like to buy the variety pack cases .
this beats vacuuming and damp paper towels hands down . wish i had purchased this a long time ago .
disappointed as it did not work when it arrived ... i did not return because it would have cost more than the toy ... can't win them all !
my cats love it . it is very entertaining to watch them play with . it stays on for fifteen minutes of continuous kitty fun .
this bag is enormous , but it's full of the only supplement my pups will eat . recommended to anyone with dogs who are picky !
i really didn't like these to much . they are small but the rounded tips are a little to big for trimming around the eyes .
i use these bags for disposing my cat litter . they work really well and are so much cheaper than buying poop bags at the store !
these skinny / crunchy little treats were perfect for both of our dogs [ 1 large cocker spaniel mix , 1 toy poodle ] .
really cooled off my dog during 100 degree weather . the fabric is very durable , my puppy put it to the test .
this works great for small pets very well made and easy to use . my dog likes it ! the price is great also .
now there's a clicker for every area of the home and property . the wrist band make it easy to click with one hand and treat with the other .
this works as advertised . i just want to add , for anyone who is interested , that this is made in china .
the temptations cat treats are the only ones my cats will eat so they must be good . have tried every kind and always come back to the temptations .
my dogs love to chew on these . its one of their favorite snacks . if they could get into the container they would eat them all lol
my pit mix does tear them up but this one even with the squeaky inside she just plays with it she loves it .
nothing's too good for my gerbils . stays well and doesn't leak as long as i make sure the washer is firmly in place .
this is the perfect lead for a small and pulling dog . it is sturdy , doesn't twist , and gives me much more control .
premium treat for dogs . my guys loved these . would definitely purchase again . the treats arrived sealed and were very fresh .
my dogs love " cowboy cookout . " this is one of their favorite merrick products . my vet tells me they are very healthy also .
purchased this harness along with the matching leash . they are just too cute for words and perfect for my puppy ...
i really love the fully organic compounds within the dog food mix , puppy loves it . would recomend over science diet anyday .
great toy to tie to a shoelace and have them chase it around . my kitties still play with it after months of active play .
a great product at a super price and easy to apply and read the directions . no fleas , rare tick , just as good as other products .
i have these and the smaller size and i like both.easy to toss in the washer and have extras on hand .
one of my dogs favorite cookie brands , good for small dogs ... we do a cookie hunt daily and she looks for these first
float even after a hole is chewed in them . extremely durable . medium is better than large even for large mouth dogs . best ball ever :)
the product does exactly what it says , is a good brand and reliable to remove chlorine and heavy metals from aquarium
my cats didn't particularly like the duck , but they did like he chicken and since this is healthier for them than many other brands i'll be buying more .
as a new cat grass grower , this was by far one of the easiest kits to get started with and my cat absolutely loved it !
my dogs love " granny's pot pie . " this is one of their favorite merrick products . my vet tells me they are very healthy also .
i used this to fast cycle a 125 gallon aquarium when i moved my 55 over into the larger one . it seemed to work very well .
these are great little training treats , and the blueberry is a good change for our dog , plus they don't smell bad !
it's furry and cute , and yet i have no idea if it's working . i am using amquel ammonia and chloramine remover with it.guess we'll wait and see .
sure my dog loved it ... he also loves an empty plastic water bottle . i was just expecting it to be a bit larger .
cats still had fleas but not as many , but better than other products i have tried . will be buying this again .
woof ! ! my dog loved these , but my purse could not keep up . she never got sick - - - nor did any of her pals .
easy assembly . this works great for my 4lb yorkie , other dogs a bit larger may be able to jump out of it though .
both dogs love this got for my new puppy but they both love the squeaky kong toy . high recommended made to hold up and last .
not perfect , but it's sure cut down on barking ! i wish the cans would last longer . next time i'll buy the bigger one . try it !
i like the clip , the size , and the durable nylon exterior . also , i can close off the top with the pull cord .
my one border collie that never got wound up over a toy , boy this has him over the top ! he just loves it !
good dog treats , but too expensive for this small bag . so my dog only get to eat one small piece a day .
this helped me snip some of the matted areas on my older cat . they are easy to grip and use and were a good price .
they see me take it out of the cabinet and they go crazy ! this is an awesome toy for hyper dogs .
as was the orders that were cancelled on us . once again less more more cost . how unfair ! how about that !
nothing special , it works very well and will handle a large size cat very well ( our cat is 14 pounds )
i foster kittens and they love this fish bed , it is very well made and should stand up to quite a few fosters .
lasts a very long time . our dog loves playing with this outside at night . we will see how long it lasts for but so far so good .
i put the collar on my dog and he even liked it , as i noticed him not scratching as much ,
i used the product but noticed it is not from america . i'm just going to get it from my vet .
if you break your tubes , and you will . i suggest getting these . it may seem like a lot , but you'll be glad you bought them .
good filters love the machine - have 2 cats and a dog and they love this as well x x x x
wow - excellent treats - used for training and boy does she love them ! highly recommend - no digestive issues either -
some of my hatchetfish were developing ich . i turned up the temperature of the tank and treated with this for 3 days . worked like a charm .
smell awful and breaks off into small pieces . definately a choking hazard for puppies . be very careful with these .
i have a very destructive young lab mix . she can destroy most toys in an instant . this one holds up . i am amazed !
this is a product that i have used for a while now . i was very happy to find it at a price i could afford . fast service .
this travel bowl is wonderful . it really is spillproof , which made our recent car trip lovely . our puppy likes it quite a bit .
my cat absolutely loves this toy - i'm not sure why , i've purchased fancier and momre expensive toys for him , but this is his absolute favorite !
this works well if you follow directions . i did not smell an unpleasant odor but then i used it outside .
my maltise really enjoys getting his meds when i put them into these pill pockets . there are a great help .
does not work if you have a platform for your fountain which i also ordered through amazon . i returned it .
these would be great for dogs that won't bite them off . i guess i was expecting too much from these
sturdy and well made , this leash is great for a quick walk with your dog . love the color too , thinking of ordering another one !
saw this on " the cat from hell " show , excellent toy . worth buying . toy will well built and should last a very long time
my two doxies love all the fruitables flavors ... and , they will fit in their small size kongs to keep them busy when we have to leave .
does a good job keeping sally's teeth clean and her breath acceptable . another big plus , the product is mae in the usa .
i was having problems with my senior cat , but since using this , he has stopped unwanted behavior . thank you lord !
this litter box is massive and perfect for my cat . it is probably better for multiple cats ( but my cat is pretty large ) .
my beta is just happy as a angry fighting fish can be ... these are a great deal in price ... cheaper then the local walmart .
these . she chases them around the room first and then eats them . they are hard so good for plaque on teeth .
sturdy construction , does not feel cheap or thin . the handle is thicker and is soft , high quality stuff ! ! very nice lead .
works great on a timer for the day time heating . so far the life expectancy is good , heats up area nicely .
i've had several of these pumps through the years with raising fish and they work well and are very dependable . also , they are easy to clean .
this toy the hedgehog is made very sturdy and my little dog plays and plays with it . love all the sounds it makes too .
i received this as a free sample and my four dogs love the banana drops ! i can't wait to buy more ! thanks vitakraft !
awesome adjustable heater keeps 60g tank right where i want it between 78-80 degrees . it replaced a 300watt aquatop that broke in 10 days
these work perfect . great price and they last a long time . you can rinse them off several times and it still works great .
this should be a extra small fit for only dogs 8lbs and smaller and its like a baby front facing bag .
the lead slides down both of my dogs head.they have drooping ears and a soft coat , will not tighten up properly .
fun toy ... i got it for my cats and they enjoy tossing them around . thick material that i think will last long . buy it !
i buy this for the humane society shelter cats because it's cheap and i can have it shipped directly to them .
does a great job , and did not leave myyellow lab who is very light red or pink !
good buy . these filters fit my water fountain great and getting them in a large package saves me money . good product .
bedding works well for my chin likes helps with odor . thank you i will order again . would recommended to friends and family . thanks
easy to cop on your dogs collar and if need to remove also super easy . i've only had it about a month but is holding up pretty good .
this works very well for removing algae on my fish tank , also was priced good works for glass tanks too .
smells good , maybe not as amazingly good as other reviews were going on and on about . but works fine , no complaints .
i got three of these . i have 2 maltepoos and these are perfect sizes for them for dry food and water . blueberry is a light blue color .
best toy ... my cats love chasing the light ! ! hours and hours of enjoyment . even my older cat wanted in on the play ! !
pretty nice but be careful with these . i hit the quick on our larger dog both times we used them .
my dogs really like this food and it does pretty good with their digestive system . will probably buy it again .
great for my 2 little dogs that can't manage the big pieces of sweet potatoes . i just love giving treats to the dogs that are so healthy for them
this really worked well for our puppy . if i get another dog , i will order one of these .
this chain is the perfect length and great quality . this was a great price and it's a nice weight for my 20 and 25 lb . dogs .
this product waas purchase with a variety of other aquarium equipment for a new setup . it is adequate and inexpensive .
i have only hand washed mine , so it works perfectly . very convenient for trips with the dog , even just day trips to family parties .
my orange tabby , milo , absolutely adores this stuff . he inhales it . if he could eat this instead of his regular food he would .
my american bully looooves these . it's her favorite flavor . and i love that putting one inside her kong toy , gives her hours of entertainment .
this seems to be a good system so be a stink free system so far . my cats don't seem to have a problem with it .
i use purigen by seachem and i saw better results from it .. however this stuff does clear a foggy tank super fast !
again the cats liked it at first as time went on they { 3 cats are 11 - 1 is 1yr old ] they refused to eat it
received this at 2pm and put 8 drops in my 5 gal tank . by 2:45 pm the water was clear . looks beautiful .
i have tried many products and none of them has worked . i thought there was hope for this one but " wrong " the problem continues
bought this for a dog who was anxious all of the time . even after several days of use it did not help
i purchased two of these for my rottweilers , they love to play tug of war , after 2 weeks , they are still intact !
i've used these nail caps for years on 3 of my cats because they play hard and i want to avoid accidents . i strongly recommend this product .
i bought this shampoo for my dogs and it works well . it is expensive . what more can i say : )
works well for my greyhound . he seems comfortable , and it gets his extra hair off . what else can you ask for ?
this was a great price . it was very easy to put together and my cats love it . even the fat ones play on it .
it works fairly well but the size of it falls short for my needs . if it was larger it would catch more litter .
my cats did not like this at all . they did not play with this for even 5 minutes . no fun
i have two dachsunds and they love the smaller toys with the squeakers in them . i would recommend this product .
my dog loves these and they can easily be cut in half with your fingernail so they last longer for training classes .
this is a nice product even though my dog is afraid of stairs ... it would have been perfect if he just would have used it .. oh well
i have purchased bags through amazon many times and all seem to work very goodwill reorder for sure more .
perfect fit and soft enough without betting bunched up . i haven'ttried cleaning it yet so i'm only giving it 4 stars . i
we've been using this for over and year and so far it seems to do it's job on our goldendoodle .
i prefer the bison and fish versions of this product . they smell better , and my dog prefers them . these are good enough .
this was the only bone my dog has been interested in so far , she loved it !
my dog does not go nuts for these , but she will eat them . i like the fact they look and smell healthy , thanks amazon
i use this with every water change . my fish are happy and thriving . i haven't had any issues with it at all .
they cannot get enough . they fight over these and hide them and try to eat the little pieces they break off - supervision required but they love chewing them
my two german shorthair pointer pups were able to totally destroy all three of these balls within minutes.not recommended for chewers !
sure glad i didn't spend much money on these ! what a waste . there was not one item in the whole bunch my cats will play with .
these are a favorite treat for my dogs . i don't know how well they clean the teeth though . my dog because of his breed has bad teeth .
my three furbabies are picky eaters but they gobbled this up . i feed my catscanned food to prevent urinary tract infections which are common in cats .
good instructions , grows fast , looks just like the picture . my kittens dove into it immediately and it helped keep them away from my house plants .
i use this heating pad for the feral cats houses . it kept them very warm in cold new york winters
i like this product . but the conector wears off to fast . its made out of plastic . wish it was stronger do .
vert high quality , my cat play al day with the toy and spend a los of time with it . the price are according to the product
i was not impressed by this clicker . my other clickers have a more solid , louder , bassier sound . this sounds kinda flimsy .
crocodile is an all-time favorite of dog ! many squeakers , lots of fun !
bought this for our new husky puppy knowing she would grow fast ! this is perfect for walks and playing outside . works great , good quality .
my dog loves these treats . i haven't found a flavor she doesn't like , and they all smell really really good when you open the bag .
works extremely well , priced right . would highly recommend this product for your dog's teeth . a little bit goes a long way .
bought this for my son's cat .. mew loves it and i was happy to get this large box for such a good price !
my 3 cats always like fancy feast products . i do mix in cooked chicken and avoderm wet foods as well .
my fat cat sleeps in the bottom home and my tall tom loves the top seat . it's huge and i love the color . a must have
a bad way for a puppy to begin life - with his adult teeth virtually destroyed . would not recommend to anyone .
my cats love these ! one of them tried to play with 3 at one time ! i'm glad i bought the bucket ! :)
have a mastiff & this is one of the few toys that can survive his jaws . durable & long lassting .
i have 7 cats . they like the flaked better than the pate . i'm sure it's the gravy . after all what southern cat doesn't like gravy.sue taylor
better than my furniture . however , i'm looking for replacement cardboard for them . they are sure to be found sharpening their nails there .
my parakeet is always getting into trouble , so he loves something new that he got for christmas . he loves all the little things on it .
we have a cat with colitis tried many probiotics this is the only one that worked he has not had issues since using this daily !
this is excellent food for my dogs ! my jason is allergic to grains and this dog food has everything he needs !
great value , dog likes the treats ok . i'm glad he isn't nuts over them , but always eats them when he is rewarded .
this works and is non toxic and it smells good . i don't feel like i am poisoning the house by spraying the floors and cat beds with this .
these are wonderful healthy treats that my dogs just love . i can't recommend them enough .
quiet enough , but tends to collect debris quickly.cat seems to like it though , and thats what really matters , right ?
i chose these treats because they have limited ingredients and i have an allergic dog . he seems to like them and that makes me like them
great and excellent item . i have used this product consistently for all of my goldfish.my fish seem to love it . happy and colorful .. yeaaaaa
i put them in my cage and my hamster doesn't chew them ! complete waste of money . don't even bother with this .
my dog loves it but it didn't last very long . she ripped it apart and had the plastic bottle out in a couple hours .
this heater goes past my expectations in that it does indeed keep the temperature constant and i highly recommend it .
this helps take away pain from the arthritis of older dogs , and it keeps the pain away , so they can get along with the other dogs
milo loves the chunk it toys . this is his favorite and they last 6 or so months with daily 30 minutes if play
my cat prefers his rope scratching post rather than this cardboard lounger . he uses this lounger as a hiding toy .
nice product but dear doggy scarfed it down very quickly . this brand also offers beams which include skin and take far longer for the dog to eat .
very small and the cover does not hold up , i had to cut it and keep the bed uncovered
4 of my 5 cats love this product . i like the variety pack so i can vary it from meal to meal .
my lhasa apso just loves my having switched brands from another famous company to cesar brand . she just loves it alone or mixed with her dry food .
bought this for my xl god who loves balls , but he has shown zero interest in this . instead he's stealing all the little dog toys now .
my 2 rottweilers just love to play with their jolly balls , thanksfor hours of fun with my furbabies ! ! my kids love them ! !
keep the fountain going especially when it's a weekend and your fountain pump fails just as you're leaving for 3 days .
i love these and so do my cats . they all love to play and these wands are very entertaining . using them daily .
my dogs fight over them more than most of the dog chews we have bought . they seem to be good for them as well .
way cheaper than stores awesome deal and necessary for your fish tank it helps build the beneficial bacteria than keep your tank clean
this bubbler keeps the air and water moving in a large tank where my fish reside during winter months only .
this is perfect to keep cat happy with the variety and cost . great treats to add to her meals and great pricing
great filter . my 120 gallons fresh water tank is crystal clear after two days . i don't even have to use my uv light .
this tray does not fit the stainless steel fountain although it is advertised to fit it . the fountain slides all over .
good but it didn't last . my puppy went through it so quick . it was good for the price so can't complain .
i've never been crazy about these bones , but they definitely serve a purpose . i would recommend if you have a chewer .
my guppy just gave birth to about ten fry , and they love this stuff . will defiantly buy again !
these seems fine . some people report an allergic reaction to dried blood worms but they don't cause me any trouble and my fish loves to eat them .
so i guess i'll have to try to sneak them in with her food to get her to eat them .
this really helped to keep the odors down from the litter box . has a nice citrus smell that makes the room smell good .
since i don't read enough newspapers , i've had to supplement the newspaper bags with store bought poop bags . these fit the bill .
it really doesn't whistle when you throw it . its a very faint sound . it didn't get my dogs attention . but it is pretty durable !
don't know what the magical ingredient is in greenies but my dog loves them and i do think daily use of these improves her breath and helps with tarter .
my parrotlet loves the guitar toy . he especially likes playing with the chain . the guitar itself doesn't play music , but the bells ring .
got this for my plycostomas and crayfish . they love it . i feed them regularly and they are growing again . i will buy more .
my dog stopped having dry skin . began to have great bowel movements and seemed more energetic . great product for new puppy.mini australian shepard
this is a very nice vest . it is very well made and is very bright . it fits my dog well .
same color as the original . quality seems the same as in the original . highly recommend if you have a tank that is higher than usual .
my grandmother used this , my mother , and now myself . it's a great smelling cleaner for when the pups have an accident .
my dog loves it . the ears did not last long at all and the balance is well chewed but still in tact .
our dog ate right through the plastic on this this - and swallowed the pieces . he ended up hacking them up later :(
love this litter , lighter than the same size jug ( 25 lb ) , does the same job .
the kitties love this . they have always been fancy feast cats . can't go wrong with purina products and this is no exception .
these work great with our boxer . they're durable , and cheap enough that we can have one at each door of the house so they're always handy .
these are great bags . they flush great , and i no longer have to worry about bags stinking up the garbage .
i would have not thought that it will be one of my dog's favorite toys , very tough item and gives long fun play .
this is a pretty good product for the price ! got a lot of hair off my dog - i would recommend !
my cat is very picky and small as he doesn't like food very much , he hates most treats but these greenies he adores !
bags are of good quality so they can be carried for a while until a trash recepticle can be found :)
it is good , possibly as good as most . i wish it waws more track free . i use it more than any other
i will purchase this item so far my fish tank stand , it is cheaper then purchase in store . i will recommend anyone to buy it here .
my cat bachi . love's . this toy . he plays with . kick's it . play's fetch i hope to buy bachi a new for christmas
what a great buy . it is super soft and warm . our little princess loves it . she has several winter outfits but this one is the favorite !
this product has my dogs vote of approval . she loves chewing on it and likes it a lot . it's a great toy .
my cats love these as treats and don't even know that they're good for them too !
just like human gummy bears ! my 5 1/2 year old golden / lab loves it for his little snacks . something different than his usual biscuits .
packaged well and sent fast.still waiting to set the tank up.it ' s a 75 gallon tank , and i'm counting on it being big enough .
got this for a bunny i fell in love with at the shelter . he loved it , but i can't verify how long it lasted .
i was purchasing the smaller container but found that i could save money by purchasing the 1 lb . container . it is a great product for my cats !
i have always used the sporn collar for my cavaliers . it takes the pressure off of their throat especially when they decide to pull .
very good blade . i love it , my cat ... not so much . at least it cuts her hair without pulling on it . good blade .
my dog loves these treats and i feel safe giving them . i won't give those chicken strips from china so these are a great alternative
our lab's favorite toy ... and uses it to settle down at night before he goes to sleep .
my four cats have been eating this for many years and they still love it . they also get friskies wet food .
love it . takes my dog a day or two to tear it up . great jack russell toy . can't demolish in seconds as he usually does
works well , and can't beat the price . make sure your cat is calm and sleepy . these clippers are very easy to work with .
perfect for stuffing the kong . the only reason it isn't rated a 5 is that it is a bit spendy .
nice blanket for a dog , its very soft . its a decent size also . i would purchase more for my other dogs
the seller does a great job packaging these . i haven't counted them but it looks like there are a bunch . these are the larger type pods .
i was able to finish the iditarod being pulled by 14 chihuahuas eating this food . they really seem to like it .
my chow chows really like these biscuits . they are fed mostly home made food and treats but i do give them these now and then
i accidently dishwashered by old one and it melted . this is big enough to fit large bones in and keeps them fresh . i love it thank you .
leash is great - and if things ever break bad , i can just smoke the leash to get a buzz and forget about my worries .
my dog loves the taste of this bone and she has chewed on it for hours with little visible wear !
this is good stuff but does not last long at all . i have 4 dogs and this stuff maybe lasted a week at the dose they recommend .
i used it once and was disappointed . doesn't work like i hoped on carpet . i have better luck with a damp rag and febreze .
our cat loves this furry mice . he will bat it across the room and then chase after it . load of fun for both of us .
no complaints ! the guinea likes munching on these and they were offered at a good price . would definitely buy these again .
z-bones cleaned my dogs teeth pretty well , and they seem to enjoy the taste , for the most part . i may purchase these again .
my dog really liked this ! the rope body helps keep him interested even after he rips the head off , which happened in about a week or two .
these are glorified milk jug rings . they just roll a bit better and are nice and unpredictable . my kitten approved !
i have ordered these bully sticks from redbarn several times and the quality has been very consistent . they are large with even thickness and relatively low odor .
i just tossed these in their playpen but they really don't care to play with them at all . one of them just decided it was a pillow .
this moss ball is very much like any moss ball and the product does what its supposed to.my ph was stable for a slightly longer period without water change .
many products like this only have a little catnip and the rest filler . these are 100 % catnip ! our cats love their cigars !
easy to put together , stainless steal bowl is removable and easy to clean . very pleased with my purchase and my puppy likes it !
one of the very best feline supplements available at any price . even finicky kitties accept it in their food . i would never want to be without it !
arrives on time and reliably each month . quality product and very nutritious . adds nice variety to the other fancy feast favorites my cats love .
powerful pumps that come with all the accessories you need to make them do what you want . i would recommend these pumps .
my dog has no issues with them . while she didn't have any digestive issues i give her these just as preventative measures .
i love this comb , it is the favorite comb in my grooming box . i find myself reaching for it all the time !
my dogs love this , and i love that they are not chewing on something they are not supposed to be !
i have 2 dogs that can pretty much destroy anything within minutes ... these bones are very durable and will last a long time .
i used this on my dog , and my cats i have no regrets and gave the rest of it to someone that can use it on their pets .
my plants seem to be doing well . however i do use this booster in combination with potassium and iron supplement .
i guess our cats are spoiled by the real cat nip from out side . they showed a mild interest the first day and now nothing .
i wasn't expecting the sticks to be so small but my chinchilla loves them ither way and so does my friends chinchilla =)
these seem to help my dog better than anything else and they have not caused him any problems , so i will keep giving them to him .
i do not know . because i did not use this . i bought this for my friend and she did not tell me how it goes .
filling this thing with treats , that wouldn't fall right back out was a challenge.my dogs simply wasn't interested . good luck !
i rescue cats . i use this hamock in all my playpens and crates . it works on all shape and size of kitties .
a better treat to give your cats--they come in different flavors , almost all cats just love them . our vet recommends them highly .
cat ate them a couple of time but they would rather have crunchy treats better . i will not buy them again o my cats
love all their products ! they work fast and supply lasts a long time . would recommend them to everyone trying to save money .
seems to work on my reactive azawakh . she acts a little bit calmer and is able to concentrate a little bit better .
you can reduce the amount of liquid flourish , etc . by using these more efficient tabs near you larger rooted plants .
works really well , was thinking it was going to last a long time but my dog already chewed up half the leash .
i didn't notice there are 10 pieces . wow what a bargain ! now i have to watch where i'm going . my cats prowl around to catch one .
i bought these for my chinchilla and they did a fantastic job . he loves to eat them throughout the day as a snack .
but my dogs absolutely go bonkers over them . i just give them dog breath mints after they eat them though cuz damn .
the product is great but the sizes are really small and you need to order almost 2-3 times the size they have listed .
causes loose teeth , then you need dental surgeries . choking hazard big time ! ! these need to be removed from the market ! ! !
since getting these male wraps , my boys have had much more freedom to roam . they are a little smaller than advertised .
very absorbent , color hides stains , and i used them for my bitch welping pups . it held up nice and machine washes . i switch them out daily
nice flexible flap and holds tight when not in use . love being able to block it to keep pets in or out as needed !
i have a two-plug one for the 125 gallon aquarium and this for the 55 . it works very well , just as it should .
our dogs absolutely love these and are each on their second one . i do worry about pieces but they seem to be sturdy and have had no problems .
this seems to work better than anything we have tried , and i will be buying more when my other product runs out .
both my sheltie and austraiilian shepard love these and they are healthy for the dogs which is a plus also , will be ordering more ,
get a size smaller than you would normally , other wise it falls off . other than that , its semi-thin but mostly works
the kitties really enjoy this . they get it sprinkled on top of their raw or canned food ( as a condiment ) !
i have 2 of these for 2 cats and it makes it much easier to clean the litter boxes . i would recommend this to my friends .
excellent product for our corgi to go in and out of the rv . plus it folds for carrying in the back of the truc , .
as our dog will be with us when we travel by auto , these coop cups are ideal , unbreakable additions to our supplies.thank you amazon !
jw pet does it again another well constructed product that my boxers love to toss around and kick all over the house .
my product arrived fast and in great condition . both saints are on it , i hope it is helping them .
these treats were intensely aromatic and flavorful to my three shih tzus ! however , with the intense salmon ingredients , my pups ' allergies flared requiring antihistamine treatment !
dogs love these and great for training . 3 dogs and they all eat them . no fussiness from any of them .
my mice began using this , and it makes things so much easier to clean because the majority of their wastes are now within this potty .
this is a huge activity center . i bought it for my lovebird and i know he will have years of fun in this activity center .
my dog tore the cover off the ball . i thought kong was a better product and hold up . i gave it to my mini dachshund . very disappointed
this is a well made toy , my one cat chews the top and the other likes to rub on it . two happy cats , one happy me
i like these better than the plastic bowls . my puppy can't chew on them and destroy them . will last longer . easy to attach to cage.thanx amazon .
very pleased with this brand . they arrived when expected . i plan to purchase more when needed . i highly recommend them .
the kkxxl kong lasts a couple of months or so as compared against anything else that is shredded by my pitbull in a few days at best .
excellent product , great price , my dog absolutely loves it ! i even put inside the log other toys and treats to make it more interesting .
these are just the right size and are clean when they arrive in the package , unlike some that will sometimes have charcoal loose in the package .
i use in my 30 gallon tank . it keeps my water crystal clear and my fish healthy ! it works great !
i have been feeding my bird these treats since i got him 16 years ago , kiwi loves them and i will continue to feed them .
the wood handle makes it easy to grip when brushing my dog . the wire brissles are not too shart . my dog loves being groomed with this brush .
piece of s * * * i thought the bowls would be more heavy duty and the plastic is very thin its just a piece of s * * *
i can't grow this fast enough to satisfy their hunger for more ... will definitely have to purchase refills soon just keep some on hand
i am a repeat customer works really good and i have many animals in my home would recommend to anyone
i purchased this product to mix my saltwater . i use the laminar flow setup which has lots of circulation and mixes the water very well ! great price !
just what my niece loved to gift her husband . true to fit . great service . the dog looks adorable and the price was rite !
this is a wonderful low cost litter box . i rescue cats and kittens . i decided to get new litter boxes . very durable and great price .
this smells so good . i just sprinkle in litter box and it eliminates odors . it actually makes cats smell good when they use litter box .
my dog loves this toy so much that i had to buy replacement squirrels when the squeakers wore out . very cute .
given as a gift . the couple who received it really like it because they tall dog can eat and drink out of it easily .
my rat terrier looked quite lovely in this gown and it was exactly as described . she didn't even mind wearing it for pictures !
i bought these for our dog and he loved them . tough but soft , durable and he enjoys making them pop and squeak .
my 8 month old lab pup destroyed thischristmas morning . it tore after a few pulls ! a waste of money
this product works very well ! easy to clean with water right after usage . easy to store , small enough to go in any corner in my garage !
five stars ! very nommy and i always finish my dinner when i get marigold treats in my hay ! - - toby the rabbit
my dog loves his chewies , its a good deal . i would recommend them to other pet owners . thank you again .
my dogs love them enough that they perform tricks for these bully sticks , and they don't stink or stain the carpet . we're all very happy .
we have an aquatic turtle who loves to take a dip in the water and then bathes under his basking lamps for hours at a time .
this si a good product and brings relief to allergy symptoms but medication is all that really works for my dog . thanks
i love this harness . it makes walking my dog so much easier . the size was a good fit for my 60 lb dog .
used pyrantel for nearly 40 years in pet rescues . it is awesome and 100 % effective if used properly . worth every penny !
my cats love this brand of food . they are very picky eaters - but they do readily eat this flavor
this was just average in quality . i purchased a similar one to this from costco and that one is much sturdier and cost $ 20 less .
my dogs love it and they reaaly like having for play . cut the tag off and it is even more fun
very fast shipping my puppy is going to love these ! nice size and it looks like they will last a while ! thank you !
what can i say , these can take some crap ! no issues with them and we are on our 3rd refill .
my dogs love kong toys ! i can't believe everything that comes with this ... the wobbler alone is normally $ 20 - $ 25 in stores .
flimsy and is a hammock style cover . save your $ and get a better design . might be ok for a tiny dog .
both my dogs love how soft the material is . i catch them licking it like it is fur or something . easy to vacuum .
this has turned out to be a very good toy for my jrt - it is sturdy but soft as well . will purchase again and again .
ive had mine for over a year and i take good care of it . just bought my second . very pleased with the quality and speed .
easily gets mats out of long hair dogs . we recently adopted a rescue senior maltese and works great on her .
good unit , i ended up buying a furminator as it was a little smaller than this one and my dog only weighs 11-12 lbs .
my dog loves them ; the help keep her teeth clean and are healthful and do not make her gain weight .
this seems to keep hairballs in check and my cats both love it . can really tell when they need another dose ... hairballs all over the floor
i have bought 2 of these because my dog loves them so much . they have a nice removable covers that can be thrown into the wash .
my 4 cats fight over the flakes so i have to ration their treats.and stand over them to make sure they eat their own supply
i was really scared to trim my dog's nails , but this made it very easy . now i don't have to pay for grooming ! !
that is about it . it is a waste of money . 12 more words required ... lame . it is collecting dust now .
they're very soft and the dogs love them . that's about all i can say but need to use two more words .
love the 2 height choice . bought because our dog always played with and spilled her water bowl . great product - great price .
my cats like it , but it really doesn't help with hair balls , the prevention or elimination of them . won't buy such a big bag again .
would have given it 5 stars but mine rattled a little bit at certain flow settings . i like it though .
my dog doesn't have the slightest interest in it , but then , he's neurotic . might be just the ticket for your pet .
looks more pink than wine color.great carrier , but too small for my dog.lightweight but sturdy and great for a smaller pet .
5 of my dogs share these and they last a long time .. really good quality .. better than giving them rawhides from china ! ! !
i ordered the 2l bottle of seachem matrix . and that is just what i received ! shipping was fast and the product is exactly as described ! thanks !
my cat has been walking around normally ever since i started giving her this . i'm glad to have started giving it to her . it's fantastic !
my three cats just love these , they just grab them and roll around and around on the floor because they have catnip in them ( smile )
great dog food , my hounds love it and they make me buy it all the time now , thanks to amazons reviews i tried it !
these are great . my maltese really loves them and they keep her calm . i will buy these again and again .
the dry solution is difficult to apply into the ear because its paste like and won't flow into ear easily.otherwise , the drying solution does work well .
got some catnip and rubbed it on and the kittens went straight for it . they still use it a couple of weeks later .
my dog seems to like these and they appear to do the trick with regard to her teeth and her breath .
it was good until one of the shelties was able to break off pieces of the ball and swallow them ... then it was a nightmare ...
have been using this biotic for about 2 years . good for my dogs health and they like the taste . a little less expensive buying it here .
this has kept both puppies busy trying to get the treats and peanut butter out of it - so it is serving its purpose well .
this is a kong .. what more can you say and how do you write 13 words about the toy that cant be destroyed
my little dog will eat it but you can tell she doesn't like it that well , went back to dentastix .
product works really well--a little pricey--but then it does work and keeps the fleas off my cats !
these are just moist enough with just enough scent to make cleaning my dogs ears a pleasant experience for both of us .
our mom mixes this in with our seed food and we like it ! we hope she'll buy more . sunny , ash , sky and pat - playbird mansion
my dog likes the taste of the paste but it still is hard for me to get the brush into her little mouth .
rabbit liked it too much ... tore it to pieces ... it didn't last very long ... and he's a small dwarf rabbit !
it is a cute product when it works . usually i have to put one or two of the flowers back on their springs because they fall off ..
i have 6 cats and not 1 of them will use it . i've had if for a couple months . my cats prefer the cardboard ones .
dog loves it , great training treat or useful as a reward for a job well done . love the simple list of ingredients
my dogs love this brand of dog food , and so does my vet ! i like that i am able to purchase it online for less .
this product has added a lot of gloss to his coat . we are so happy to see his new coat looking so nice .
this is an awesome product , it takes the stink and stain right out . i am a repeat buyer and will be back again
large and square which makes it easier to clean . lid is easy to get off on on quickly . i recomend this product .
my two dogs really enjoyed these . they would stand at the cabinet in hopes of getting that for a treat . highly recommend .
my cat loves this and i like it too . it stays affixed to my doorway no matter how many times the cat attacks it .
my oscar is a huge fan of these pellets . and since these are almost half the price i would pay at my local fish store , why not ?
but my dog won't eat it , he's pretty picky , so i had to give to a friends dog who eats anything
i got this for my chinchilla and he loves it , he will sit at the end of it and relax .
i am not too sure about the dental benefits , but we can't always give them everyday . i am sure it doesn't hurt though .
love this product ... the ear cleaner has a great smell too.arrived very quickly ... good value ... highly recommend this company
a very small stuffed toy that my dog likes to carry around and squeakit has lasted for months now and that is unusual for her .
this container holds a 10 lb bag of dog food and keeps it fresh . the attached lid works well--opens and closes easily .
i love the color but the material is stiffer than i though it would be . i am going to try to wash it a few times .
again , this should be name : " the world's great this clumping litter " ! ! dr . elseys is a intelligent , creative and enormously skillful scientists !
i used this to balance out a small office aquarium , and for maintenance . does everything it says it should . :)
i can't get this to attach to all sinks . so i'm not sure it's as standard as it claims to be . good sturdy product though .
they are already dead . this has been a problem no matter where i buy these batteries , they are always dead or die within a week .
i love the veggies in the soupy gravy-like spot's stew . my cats like it too - not every day , but definitely will get again .
this smells good . i bought from them before and i like the smell it just seems to get stale smelling after a while
i liked it , but my 7 year old cat didn't . took it to the local shelter as a donation , maybe some cat there will love it .
my cats love love these light balls they have them in all three bergan toys and a few are loose to knock around the house at night
needed a durable toy that would keep our 6 month old lab / german shorthair busy . this toy is durable , but the pup isn't interested in it .
on time delivery . great product . cat loves it . very tasty . he asks for more . a bit pricey but great for cats with urinary problems .
my cat is old and has arthritis . i give her one every day , not sure it helps but i feel better giving it to her than not .
i have several different types of the poop-off products and they all seem to work very well to help get the bird cages clean .
it's plastic . enough said . you are better off purchasing a metal unit that won't break and will last more than a minute .
all my cats love to slurp the gravy out of any canned cat food that i use . this brand gives them more gravy , and they love it !
both of my dogs love this toy especially when there is a treat inside . it provides hours of fun and entertainment !
works well , dog is able to urinate in the cage and slide to one side to avoid the puddle . definatley a must in my dogs situation .
i love kong products . you can not beat the quality and the hours of fun trying to get those treats out
works well , fits perfectly . doesn't take up any room . gives your pet a nice , level surface , which i think makes them feel more secure .
my cats love this ! this is the flavor of dry food they eat too !
broke within 10 minutes of use . very expensive and doesn't work . my cats are not hard players , yet our blind cat broke it immediately
unlike buying replacement bags , this kit lets you assemble them yourself at a much lower price than buying them seperate .
i you love your fish tank buy this thing ! ! ! it has strong suction and clean's your talnk get . beat aquarium product out there
all my fish love this stuff ! can't beat the price when i ordered enough thing to qualify for the free shipping
these clippers are the best i've tried , they dont crush the nail at all and leave a clean cut with no chipping .
very sturdy . great value . my dog decided to chew the mesh , so not for chewers . would recommend for small dog breeds that are crate trained .
my guinea pigs really liked the marigolds mixed with the hay . it was good quality , but does have a lot of small particles left in the bag .
these didn't last long . my dogs chewed them , and i had to watch them because the pieces they were swallowing huge pieces so be careful .
i bought these because my dog loves to chew , on things , so i figured these would keep him bust . i do recommend to everyone .
i don't actually have the toy the ball goes with . it's a great standalone toy that the kitties are intrigued with !
these are pricey but help in getting that medicine to go down ! ( i also coat meds with fish oil to fool our doogies :)
my puppy actually slept on this everynight when she was crate training . yes i would tell others to buy this , i have never seen such big sqeekers .
they prefer this over all other boxes i have tried ! easy to clean too :) i have not changed the filters yet , so don't know about that .
goldie the dog loves the pillow and sleeps on it all night . she even uses it as place mat when she eats her treats .
is small enough not to scare small dogs , and for me to hold . gets tangles better than anything else i have tried
this works great in drying my dogs , after walking in the rain or using the pool it really helps with the process of getting them dry .
this is good stuff . i use just a small amount of this stuff in my tanks.highly recommended to keep fish disease down .
... and actually fight over it . it fills easuily and , unlike other refillable catniop toys , the catnip stays inside . it's an adorable toy as well .
my pup and big dogs love playing with this stuff toy . i bought a few of them . every dog loves a squeaker ball .
tis true . this is the only product / treat the cat will eat and want more of ! i'm truly satisfied with all pet products on amazon !
fiber is ultra fine and works great ! easy to pull apart and stuff in filter , works very well .. priced right , and shipped fast !
this is a great product that the cat loves , and it will save you much money at the vet's clinic !
seems to be one of cats favorites , though i thought it would be too small , and was smaller than i had thought it seemed
gets my pup clean , smelling good and it really works great to loosen up dead undercoat and i always get a great furmination after using this waterless shampoo .
this filter system is the best there is on the market ! foam sleeves are a part of it . the entire system is reasonably inexpensive ! thanks !
i love these scissors for trimming my bushy doggy between groomings . the rounded edge is perfect . i could not do without it ,
what better review than from the canine actually using it ? he just loves it ! both of us can highly recommend it.the cover washes easily and dries quickly .
my cat loves these so much that every time i order from amazon , i add some of these to the order .
our dogs loved these very much - good amount in package - lasted a few minutes for chewing pleasure .. no problems after consumption - no bad smell
my puppy destroyed this thing in one day , the squecker was torn from its body well before the frog was decapitated . do not buy for dogs .
this heater looks awesome and works awesome . it keeps the water at 80 degrees through the cold cold winter . i will never buy a different heater .
this is great dog food - we have only fed our dog this brand since rescuing him 6 months ago . we will never change.we highly recommend .
was happy that it arrived in a box which was in excellent condition , let alone the product itself . have not tried it yet , hopefully it works .
it doesn't go stale . kitty loves it and chomps on it a little here , a little there all day long .
this brand is designed for healthy cats and it is a good product . this was priced well and arrived quickly .
if you need a pooper scooper for your cat pan , this is the one ! it's cute , and the litter doesn't stick to it .
never had a small dog , only labs that can be easily seat belted . purely by accident i understand i got the better bag . works for us .
made in the usa , and the dogs love theses ! healthy treats that have been very fresh every time i have ordered .
great product for our large dogs that love to chew . it is long-lasting , affordable , and they love the bacon flavor .
it's great to have such plain , simple teethcleaners as these , that serve as doggy desserts . they've been one of her favorites for years .
great litter system . m y sister and friends also use it . cats adjusted to the change quickly . . no heavy lifting . easier on the back .
highly recommend these . i bought the replacements because my dog just loves this toy . hours of fun watching him play with them .
my cats didnt like them . i tried them also on cats other than mine and they didnt like them too .
i thought it would be a little larger , but it does do the job of keeping the litter from being tracked out into my house .
it is her favorite toy . nice that it is refillable . it is also very cute and matches her coat ! adorable .
very good sticker as the color is nice and bright and you definitely can't miss it . i have by my front door .
my 2 dogs did not like these . they were too hard . i donated them to an animal rescue in my community .
not only do the fish love it put the pale silver fish end up with a bit of glowing color .
safe and easy to use on the cats . my cats are rescues and the organization i got them from highly recommends these .
this product is great works very good love fluval products price was great shipping was fast you cant ask for any better than that .
sadly , the cats don't adore this as much as they do forte flora , which is more expensive . and that's all i can say .
i have had 2 or 3 of these and my dog loves it . he will even play with the tree housewhen the squirrels have been destroyed .
sure wish this stuff was less expensive but the price was relative to everywhere else . works very well and does not stink ( too bad ) .
these cat boards are the only one my cat will use . she loves it and goes to town on it . very good product .
expensive and both hound don't care for them . i think there isn't any flavor or smell .
this gravy type mix is a better source of hydration than most canned foods . it can also make a good mixer .
with four special needs cats and several fosters , these things are a must . i keep them plugged in all over the house to help with anxiety .
really sharp but safe to cut fur around eyes and sensitive areas . i groom my own dog and these are great !
great food for fish going into suspended activity for the winter which in our area are harsh they love this food
this is a great little toy for my service dog nina . my dog trainer gave her one for graduation and she loves it
got this for the older cats but the new 1yr old likes it too , vet says its fine fore him as well .
my dogs just love this flavor they do tricks for these treats they know if there good they get a good treat an this is alot healthier than people foood
have not had a chance to test this in warm weather when the fleas are more prevalent , but it seems to work and the cats love the taste !
the harness is well made & keeps my girl well protected . she is free to move around & lay down and keeping her safe at the same time .
works as intended and keeps the puppy from chewing things we don't want chewed . after a couple of tastes the smell alone keeps her at bay
have used greenies for years and found them to be great on tooth cleaning and breath ... plus my daisy loves them .
great quality in these well made leather leashes . so good went back and bought two more . i was impressed with the value for the price .
my dog ate these quickly as if he really liked them . they were a tough chewy snack that had to work to enjoy .
not sharp enough to even cut puppy poodle fur . :/ sent back / returned.very disappointed . not sure what they're good for .
this is high quality food that keeps our cats that tend to be more pudgy on the slim side . ... cats are carnivores ... feed them meat .
perfectly safe for hamsters and my hammy loves them :d because there is no leek , onion , or garlic they are perfectly great !
my dog loves this mat , i put it in his dog house outside and he loves to sleep on it . very comfy and weather resistant .
this is a great water bottle . it is a good size so it only has to be refilled at mealtime our 2 piggies lucky and simon love it >
a must have for when you do water changes even if your tank is / seems stable . also use for introducing new fish ...
if you have the gocat da bird rod and feather cat toy , you will need refills ! cats love these things ! good exercise for them .
great product for your dog ! ! ! seller was easy to work with and shipment earlier than planned . great amazon seller .
my dog poops more regularly and productively , and loves the taste . i would recommend for dogs with digestive issues for certain .
my puppy looks so cute in this and it covers her pretty well . got a medium for my 10lb maltipoo .
not much to say about this . i mean , it's activated carbon . not sure if i'd say ' premium ' , but it's fine for my terrariums .
they will go at them , then ignore them for a while then shred them up . they do make a mess but is easily vacuumed up
i like this much better than the round balls because kitty can hold and chew it at the same time . she likes this toy a lot .
it is made well and my kitty precious , loves it . l would recommend anyone buy one for their cat . i love it because she loves it .
the did not a aborb water at all . had it one day and threw out . very disappointed . alot of money to spend for nothing .
these are great , easy to use and do what they say . have 3 cats in the house and all are on great behaviour
great treats for dogs.fed these treats to my rat terriers , they enjoyed them and want more . i have ordered more than once .
great conditioner for my dogs . it smells great and lasted a few days on my active dogs . i highly recommend this product .
the kittens love catnip and this brand made them very very very very very very very very very very happy .
would not order this brand again size was not up to what the add said i am sticking to best buy bully sticks
my shih tzu loves this ! she has no gas and no stomach problems at all . i highly recommend this brand .
this is a fun toy but does not squeek enought for my dogs they do play with it some each day
this is a really great product . this particular one is huge . it comes in many sizes , so choose your size carefully .
two of the bones arrived looking very dried out and i've decided to throw them away . the expiration date indicates 2016 , but these are past their prime .
as mentioned , you will be dumbstruck by what this reveals in your home or any other environment with the lights off .
my cat seems to tolerate it , and it collects the loose hair.nice and slick so that it does not tug , but easy enough to clean
nice size and quality for the price . my dogs chew this things 24/7 . fast shipping . no problems .
the cotton is thick . its constructed well and i really like the band edges . it washed well with no shrinkage or fading .
works almost as well as the highest priced scooping litter . add a little baking soda and you have a top notch product for a great price .
great smell my girls love this makes it easier to brush there teeth because they love the smell . highly recommend this product .
my cats are fatties and love wet food . this is their favorite wet food because it has real milk in it .
we've had this in operation for a while now . works great , water clear , all levels tested are desirable . would recommend to any one .
great value for my five month old aggressive chewer . she's ripped other toys apart in an hour , but this one has lasted a month + .
my dog has no trouble pinning this down . it moves at a snail's pace particularly on carpet , slightly better on hard flooring .
this looks so nice on my dog's collar . the metal is heavier than i expected . i think next time i will get plastic for my dog's sake .
these mini milk bones are the perfect size for our pekingese dogs and work well as treats for good behavior .
this is so tiny cute and it works absolutely perfectly for my standard sized tube for my betta aerator ! thanks and i would recommend this item !
our dog loves her bumble bees and hive ! adorable interactive toy and better priced than most other retailers , as well .
this glove is amazing - the amount of hair it picks is great . even the kitty ' s didn't mind it
not too long or too short ! perfect length for my puppy's puppia vixen harness .
bought the fountain ? go the extra mile to be sure the water stays fresh smelling & clean !
recommended my vet to keep my dogs bones healthy . these are easy to give and i guess they taste good as the dogs seem to love them .
super fast , perfect ! it's cheap and let's my chinchillas play for a month without having to change it ! :) petsmart is too expensive , choose online !
really great product for dog joint health . i recommend it to anyone who has a pet that has poor joints .
i wonder what they put in these things . my cats love them . i have to dole them out , or i'm sure they would founder on them .
i love this container . its on wheels and clear , so i can see when the food supply is getting low . i also ordered a food scoop .
granted my dog is pretty smart but he thwarted this in seconds . a good first puzzle but not very useful after he solved it once .
my cat loves it , and my dog too , lol . they go crazy whenever i bring this out to play with them .
lucy loves these kinds of bouncy toys . or stretchy .. anyway , it is a fun toy for her to play with .
i have two of these bowls . they are heavy ceramic so my bunny can't turn them over . great price too !
works well on my small dog . if he should pull on the lead , this harness does not do damage to his throat .
he ate the apple pieces immediately . left the barbell but doesn't seem to be chewing on it .
gets the head , enough said . i have used it on little and big ticks . dogs don't mind - here's the twentieth word .
i have 3 one year old cats , they love these . they will chew the feathers off ... but i guess there are worse things .
does help calm our one scary cat . seems she relaxes easier after taking two of these calming tablets . will continue to use this brand .
this product keeps out cat very calm but playful just love it . she goes up to her jar and smells it all the time .
the handle is very cheap , and i dont like the cheap clasp the best part of it is the chain part . i will not order it again ,
this brush works good and is a fast way to groom my dog . i love it ! i would recommend for short haired dogs .
puppy really enjoys this toy ! it is also very durable . she hasn't been able to chew through it at all .
great product . shipped quick and are a good size . scent is just enough to mask the poop smell . will buy again
i keep this hung out of a " cat apartment box " hung on the wall . my big pixie-bob thinks this is the greatest toy ever .
i bought this in a medium for my dog who is 16 inches from neck to tail . fits perfect ! very very soft , highly recommend .
just a simple , sturdy litter pan big enough for our cat to maneuver in . i just wish it had a covered top to help contain litter .
i have three of the catit designs and intend to purchase more . very innovative , sleek , clean looking , and great quality .
my cat is totally disinterested in this . i do think it's a good idea , and maybe your cat will like it !
dog's are very happy with the treat , and i am happy that it is good for them ! will order again !
a good ( organic ) wet food for cats although it is not grain free ( sigh ) . my 13 year old tabby girl likes it very much .
my dogs just love this brand of food . i highly recommend it , and i will buy this product again . great ! ! !
i cannot compare filters as i have only ever had this one . what i can compare is price . this is sooo much cheaper than the pet store .
they were one of the least expensive shears and they work great . they are sharp and work great . highly recommend them .
i have struggling with my dog's ears problems and this was the right solution in a couple of days the ears were healed and i was released ! ! !
didn't calm charlie down at all . he still beat everybody up . i had to get pills from the vet to change his attitude
we buy the 24 pack of these on monthly auto ship for our little doggies . cheaper than buying at winco . amazing bargain !
my cats love da bird ! i need to buy refills now and then because after hard play , they do wear out .
it's airline tubing . it's blue . it's rubbery and works without issue.not much else to add here .
kitty loves the flavor , made him very sick after , gakked it all back up ...
our 7 month old puppy rotteweiler loves it just wishes it would keep her compnay longer but nothing seems to work . i guess puppies are puppies ...
this gives my lab's fur a great shine ! i always get compliments on how shiny her fur is . will continue to buy ...
for the price , this is a good deal . they especially love the mice . if the cats like it , so do i .
it really works . i've only had it a few weeks , so i don't know about longevity . will update if things change or it breaks .
very nice traveling carrier , very sturdy and looks very nice . i keep it is the car to to put the dog in when i am driving
i always order my catfood and cat litter online . saves me from having to go to the store . saves time and gas to have it delivered .
great puppy treat . our puppy loves chewing on these , she is a big chewer , and these keep her busy for a while
we put them in the everlasting wheeler and our dogs spend many happy hours chewing away ! quiet time in the evening for the humans .
my kitty cats just love these banana's . i think they have been through 4 each = to 20 . so this time i bought the 3 pack .
i don't know why , but my cat won't eat anything else . even when i give him gourmet wet food , he will still eat his meow mix .
the harness fits well , feels secure for even a very strong dog , and is easy to put on and attach .
i haven't really used it yet but it looks like it will work really well . it is sturdy and very well made .
my dogs have been loving the whole earth canned food by merrick , so i decided to try the dry and we all love this one , too !
my cats love these . it is hard to buy for my cats becaused they are so spoiled , but they like these .
nice little costume . it's a good one for summer time as it's not too hot . my dog tolerates it well .
my dogs swim all the time and these tags hold up so much better than other tags i have purchased in the past .
my cats still prefer little mice or balls / bells on the end of their cat charmers . but they are easy enough to sew on .
really good protection and not messy at all . the treatmeat keeps my dog free from ticks and fleas giving him a good health report .
i have been using this test kit for years . very reliable , simple and accurate . so much better than test strips .
wonderful treat , one of my dog's favorite ! smells so good you will want to eat it ! lol great for finicky little dogs .
works great , real quiet nice price . i have it running last couple days and it is working just as i hoped it would .
newt , our 8 yr old black & tan dachshund , loves this bowl . mostly because he doesn't have to lean over anymore ...
good enough for the job . the quality is better than i thought . i haven't had any problems with leakage or ripping with average usage .
bought this for our new puppy . it's strong , great quality and very sturdy . no complaints - it is a leash ...
buy this for my bunny cages . easy to clean . no harsh odor . soaks up urine well . it is a must buy for small animals .
my dog chewed thru this very fast . i had to switch to the chain type although i know the belt type is safer
thick strong leash . great for my large breed dog . has a pretty and feminine look for my crazy girl dog .
our dogs love these toys and the eggs . we love them because they are durable and hold up to constant play .
these work perfectly for my rat to get just the right angle to pick out the piece she wants to munch !
a good price , but my dogs prefer the bulk brand from my local grocery store . they ate these , but not as excited .
my kitten loves being outside and watching all the birds . now he can spend time with me outside instead of being inside when i'm outside .
my two bunnies go nuts when i give them a bit of this each morning before i go to work , they chow down happily and beg for more
the shampoo is good and does it's job . but keep in mind it does not stop the shedding or decreases it . my dog sheds just the same .
my 8 year old maltipoo loves these treats and i'm glad they have limited ingredients that can cause allergic reactions and maybe a little less fattening .
just as expected . arrived fresh and in good shape . sadly , i've got a super power chewer so bone goes fast !
this is my son's dog's favorite dry food and it is within budget so that makes us all very happy .
i was looking for a way to take water with us for trips for my dog . this will work perfectly .
just as described and looks legitimate . my only concern is the ink rubbing off eventually , will prob have to get a cover for it .
these hooks are perfect for the prong collar i purchased along with these hooks . these hooks are good to lengthen the collar as needed .
these cartridges work great in my 5 gallon marineland contour tank . very easy to install and picks up debris throughout the tank . a solid purchase .
great product ; it works ! my cats like this better than the laxatone that was prescribe by the vet . i will reorder .
i used this brush on my golden and it worked very well especially the easy cleaning part - removes hair easily
this thing has a really wonky shape and doesn't hold up very well . my dog popped a hole in it within a week and he's a little dog .
good dog food . my pitbull hates kibble but this she likes . wouldn't say it's amazing but much better than brands like purines and beneful .
these treats are perfect for little dogs or as training treats . limited ingredients make them " tummy " friendly for our little dogs with sensitive stomachs
my dogs love these and they are only 5 calories each . my dog sitter did once accidentally snack on a few thinking they were liver crackers !
this is a great product , use it very often and my 11 month old golden toto feels comfortable with it . easy to use .
my pets enjoy this feeder it is very nice . it makes it very easy to feed my dogs snacks that they like .
the cardboard wasn't as stiff on this scratcher so my cat pretty much used it up in a few days .
my cats love pounce . it is great having a lot on hand because we go through a lot of pounce . the price was great !
worked very well on a blown abscess on a clydesdale's hoof . was awesome to be able to get a hold of it so easily on amazon !
this is a great idea for feeding cats while you are away . i like the way you can adjust the amounts .
very comfortable for me and my dog ; extremely lightweight ; but , strong enough to hold my black lab . washes & dries beautifully .
great product for fluval filters , use in my 75 gallon tank , clear the water beautifully and a great value for the price
i have used these poop bags for years . they are " earth friendly " and larger than the blue poop bags . no complaints .
nice looking like unit , costs more than the silver ones you get at hardware stores , but they look better and last longer .
these are great ! i can cut my cat's nails quickly and easily . it's pain free for them and almost hassle free for me .
i know they make several types for all types of animals . it just makes sense to have something to fill in the gap from processed pet food .
this item works exactly as advertised . it is of good quality and easy to use . i would recommend this product .
used it on my dogs left ear mites and it worked as instructed . within a few days it was cleared up .
healthy and somewhat long lasting chews . highly recommended ! we have given this to our dogs for many years . our new pup also enjoys playing with it .
angel eyes was banned in europe . this indicates all the reviews complaining about using an antibiotic for cosmetic reasons have some merit . i wouldn't use this product .
these are a great way to give my pet his medicine that he won't takewithout a " treat . " he loves the duck pill pockets .
dogs love these and these are a great price ; this keeps my 8 - month-old lab chew happy and entertains my older dog , too .
this thing is large enough for big cats to not sling litter outside of the pan and give them enough room to take care of business .
excellent product , will continue to buy for my schipperkee who is very picky with what she likes and wants to eat
fits perfectly in my chihuahuas mouth , bounces really well and drives her nuts , it keeps her busy and shell play with it for hours
this leash does nothing but get softer and more comfortable . this is my favorite leash ever ! totally worth the money .
perfect size for the smaller dog ( i have a three pound yorkie ) . lightweight , easy to clean , and stylish in pink !
these are great toys , fairly tough and durable . my dog likes the 4 " one better than this size , but still loves to play with it !
the extra volume of this is very helpful and easy to use . good price and fits the fountain well . hope it lasts
not what i expected . the grips come off easily and it leaves a ruff edge which is worse than when the nail was long .
we are trying to avoid getting a doggie door . the dog takes to this right away and prevents the need for a doggie door .
it always takes care of the fleas and seems to be mild for the cats . i appreciate a product that works consistently year after year .
my dog doesn't love it . he does play with it at times . it is durable . i would buy again . thanks !
i used this for my nano cub and it work just fine . good value but you'll have to buy bag for it
i have tried many litters and have found some are too clumping . this litter is not bad , though i have found another litter i like better
my lab puppy loves these treats - they really take attention for a while and my 8 month old puppy enjoys the taste . great product !
it makes my german shepherd smell good but it unfortunately didn't have any effect what so ever on her behavior .
i bought these for my brother whose dog takes a lot of pills . his dog loves them , he thinks he is getting a treat .
i ordered two size large and this one is way too tight in comparison to the other one , they both are zack & zoey ...
i used the sand to cycle my tank . 2 months later , my tank is doing great . the sand is pretty fine but it looks great .
this lead is better than i thought it would be . it's easy to hold and great quality . pretty color too
she prefers the salmon flavor , but also likes these chicken greenies . and i feel like i'm giving her something healthier than a lot of other cat treats .
these dental sticks are perfect for my two dogs that have food allergies and they love them and i like the price for them here at amazon .
i've tried many brands and so far this one works the best for our jumbo size litter box . they are sturdy and make cleaning the box a breeze !
my dog loves these and buying them online is cheaper than most stores . he's gone through 2 bones in the 5 months i've had him .
only brand i buy and my dogs love them and these are for christmas presents for family pets . i know they will love them .
zuke's jerky naturals dog treats of tender lamb for my two little girls are great . i hope to keep buying them .
my puppy loves this and carries it around everywhere.used as a fetch toy play toy during bathing . love it
flips favorite toy , flip is 55lb bagel beagle / bassett mix he is able to squeeze this toy until the squeaker brakes then he isn't so interested in it
my dogs love them . they are hard enough to help with cleaning their teeth and totally natural .
does exactly what it is supposed to do . clicks are loud . durable construction . just the right size and fits comforably in the hand .
good product that works as an easy way to give a pet those vet required medications that so often pets find difficult to take .
this is ok , but rather use other type of treatments than the spray now---it's in the kitty / doggie cabinet when needed !
great for inside doors ... and great for outside doors when insulation weather factors don't matter . cats learned how to use very simply .
i bought christmas gifts for all of the cats in our extended family - every cat loved it . great price for great catnip .
if you do not get it in just right the water will run out all over the floor or the water will not come out at all
i have giants ( english mastiff and great dane ) and this toy is not only big enough but they enjoy it by themselves and together .
they were easy to administer , but didn't seem to help with her anxiety , unfortunately . they smell awful , but she likes them .
keep away from children as they might think this is candy ! haha these are great tasting and supplies plenty of vitamin c . i would recommend to anyone !
this product does an excellent job cleaning up pet vomit and i highly recommend it . i have safely used it on carpets , wood floors and tile .
cockatiel , parakeet , and african grey all don't like it . although , the grey wanted to eat it , so it was removed .
nice soft material , easy on the hands . the lead stays high on the head so it is easier to control .
it could be used for a baby toy because its so cute , and it works great for puppies who chew . woohoo !
my hard chewers can't kill this one . no how no way . i love how they feel and so do my dogs !
found another treat my dog loves , it's hard to find good treats for her . she is picky , but she likes these treats .
my pups breath smells so clean , and their water stays clean and fresh too .
there is always one way to tell if your fish love their food ... one serving is completely gone in 5 minutes or less
works great , handles on both could be a tad longer but overall works great , i have a small dog and scoop holds four to five piles .
my cats love these beds . they last a long time , even with all the scratching . they sleep in it everyday .
the vet recommended it , so we bought it . we have to trust the vet advice . we are still using it .
this product is very sturdy . my cats love this ! everyone likes the scratching post part of this . we like it because it saves our furniture !
my ' kids ' like their water so these must help with filtering out things that don't taste so nice . ease to change .
my dog likes this stuff , it doesn't upset her stomach , and within two weeks her coat was noticeably softer . the proof is in her coat .
i have been using cosequin for my rot ever since he had hip surgery and it sure helps him move better .
this is amusing at night . we really like it . i feel safer walking our dog because it aids in visibility .
love earth friendly products . small clips on leash , purse or belt . i haven't had any tear . will reorder them again
the kittys are still getting used to the box but i am sure they will get there . it would make my life easier .
love this shampoo / conditioner , perfect for white breed dogs . leaves my dog's fur very white , soft , and shiny . definitely recommend it .
this pack has it all for all feline senses . sight , sound , smell and even taste . lots of fun and action .
i prepare homemade dog food and add these enzymes and probiotics to my dog's meal before serving . she is thriving !
this thing is like the cadillac of cat litter scoops . it's very well made and , although pricey , worth the cost . does a really great job .
it was requested and gifted to the animal welfare society . hope it was good :)
my cat loves these and i gave them to all my cat friends for christmas . have had no complaints . enjoy !
i was impressed that my cats liked this food right away . that's unusual . the ingredient list seems good and product description shows these nuggets are healthy .
holy cow this crate is huge ! i went with the biggest size for my giant breed puppy to grow into and this is plenty big enough .
don't know what i'm expected to say about a carbon filter , but it works fine and is easy to use and wash out .
i use this probably about 200 days a year taking my dog on a run through the woods . lasted about a year before it started leaking .
this is the best cat sand scoop i have ever owned . it cuts through the heaviest and thickest of sands and doesn't miss anything . i love it .
although it is not the best for them , my cats love this and won't eat much else , especially not the healthier stuff ! !
helps keep my cat's gums healthy especially since she is siamese and her mouth hangs over her side teeth and cause redness .
kittens like catnip . kittens like fish . this toy combines both elements and kitty has fun ! great toy ! kitty will enjoy . good exercise , too .
it took my cats 6 months to try this litter ( i have 2 boxes ) . they finally started using it and the smell is terrible .
i returned this product since i didn't find out until it arrived that it cannot be located near large metal objects such as the refrigerator or stove .
the person for whom i purchased this hook confirms that it is sturdy ( metal ) , strong enough to hold leash , collar , and keys .
gave it to my pup and he tore it apart within the firsthalf hour ... would not waste the money buying another ..
my cats don't really care for the taste . they will eat it if they are really hungry but they prefer pretty much anything else first .
i test my water way more than i should . but it's nice to have something as reliable as this test kit .
my cat loves this toy . it never gets old for her . she likes when i let it lay for her to play when i am not around .
great for training because they're low calorie so you can give more . my maltese loves them and they're good and crunchy .
my dogs chewed through and ripped pieces off , didn't hold up for a full day . not recommended for heavy chewers .
the da bird toy is the only cat toy my cat will play with and she goes crazy over it .
works great for bad breath and tarter ... will order again . economical size ... and a lot less expensive than i pay for similar products locally .
these ceramic bowls come in different sizes . the ones with higher sides tend to overflow less , but this one still doesn't tip and washes up well .
giving cat two cans a day is rough but if one of them is an appetizer it makes it easy on the cat and the owner .
captures just about all the flung litter and even a turd now and then ! we have purchased several of these over the years and will probably continue .
very durable . will buy more in future ! the dogs had an easy time figuring this out for their first time feeder / puzzle .
my press canarios are very happy with these chews and i am because they are usa produced . great value for the price .
not a better shampoo out there . the clean smell lasts and lasts and lasts ! love it . great value ! get it !
the best product on the market and my four cats love it ! easy to use and store and carry and it really works safely with good results .
... these toys are very well constructed , and made to last ... a squeeker on each end , which my little enjoys very much ... i have several ...
these are the exact same filters that came with the fountain . they filter the water before it goes into the pump . they do a great job
my 50 + pound puppy chewed this into pieces within 10 minutes . i was very disappointed that i purchased this . not for the avid chewer .
i was very happy with this litter holder ! it sits right next to our litter-box and makes it super easy ! doesn't smell ! love it ! ! !
my bird lives on this . just what the vet said to get.it is a complete diet for african greys .
pets really like this - they all drink more which is very helpful to them . easy cleanup and parts are available if pump dies
i bought these toys for my relative who loves cats . according to her , her cats love the toys and enjoy playing with them .
the cats chewed thru it to easily & made a mess . i had to take it away from them and throw it out
we use this several times a day and have had since 2011 . it's still going strong ! a very good product . i recommend .
this is a nice size for a hamster and the angle makes it easier for babies or dwarfs to get at the food .
i love this create for my jack russell puppy . its the perfect fit and he loves it dearly ! i would recommend highly .
i wanted a sturdy set this time and this set has been great ! the scoop holds a lot and the rake is flexible and a convenient size .
both my cats love these ! no mess , no fuss , fun toys for them . and the idea of a kitty jawbreaker makes me laugh . (-:
my cats really liked these treats . i give them moist snacks before bed every night and these brought them all running .
another solid durapet bowl , does not slide , has no rusted , and holds a lot . i use it as a big water dish for my cat .
great product ! my dogs love the taste and i never have to " fight " to brush their teeth . good product and it works !
as i said on the other bowl - it really doesn't slow them down it's just more of a challenge for them to eat -
i am so happy to have found this size in the aspen bedding . i can't get it in this size in my local pet supply stores .
good toy . weiner dog sometimes gets little pieces off . not as hard as the standard off white nylabones . dog still loves it .
nice little treats . afterall , it's not the size of the reward , it's the reward . this way , she gets a few more and less calories .
our furbabies love this post ! they have been at it for a long time now ! would buy it again ! ! def !
works well enough , and i have had no problems with this product . but again , these seemed to be designed specifically for the zoo med lighting ...
excellent quality bully sticks at a great price . thick , long lasting , and not stinky . fast shipping . outstanding !
i usually buy a different product , but i'm switching to vet's best hairball treatment . this is cost effective and seems to do the job .
does not work for gold barb fry . they swam right out through the vents and became lunch . lost them all . slots way too large for barbs .
i will buy it for our dogs's snacks . they love eating them as they always beg us to feed them when they get hungry .
lol what can you say about a catbox other than its sturdy and does its job if the cat does its job . pleased with purchase .
there seems to be less of a mess on floor and animal doesn't need to stoop so low to eat or drink .
very durable but my two dogs only play with it if there are treats inserted in it . does make for a good treat toy .
i bought this lamp to keep our hedgehog warm this winter - it works just fine , and i expect it will last for a long time .
wish it had a handle for easier lifting but oh well it works but it is glass so very fragile
i bought this based on the other reviews and my puppy really likes it . i would recommend it but the item rips easily .
easy to set up . easy to fold . wish pooch would love it as much as i do . great for travel .
the smell was pretty good to put in the machine so it was not bad when it squirted at the dog
easy to apply , gives a nice scent to litter box . seems to work well . for the price it is a simple addition to the litter box .
got this for my cat with a sensitive stomach . he doesn't like the regular malt , but will actually lick this off my finger , yay !
safari makes better grooming tools imho . this works the best of several tools i have for knots . these folks a trying to make better products and succeeding.happy trails
at first the piggies were a little afraid because of the noise.it has that crinkle noise.they love running thru it now .
love the way it fits my pincher doberman dog . it seems to cute . the material is good , the price is even better
does not remove much hair , or do too much detangling ... not usefull ! wouldnt reccommend it ! ... nothing else to say about this product
a snuggie for the dog ? what's not to love ? ! ? ! i got one of these for my jack russell and she looks so cute !
it is good in very tiny quantities when you clean the ears pet to maintain them dry and avoid fungus and ear infections . i recommend it .
this easily got rid of the plaque and tartar that had formed on my dog's teeth . it's a wonderful tool !
so far looks nice won't know more until my u2 tackles it then i'll know better so to be upfront i gave it a 4 for appeal
great training treat made from real ingredients . she loves them and no allergies or issues after she eats . will buy again !
kept coming without the all the wheels ~ would send it back and again it would come without the wheels ~
my cat and three year old had this demolished with an hour after receiving . the cat done more of the work though .
these are a nice size , good flavor and long lasting . highly rated by a terrier and a big german shepard
dog isn't a big fan of sweets but he did try it and ate some . well made and seems healthy for pets .
my new puppy has really enjoyed his teething rings . they last for a long-long time which is nice as there are only 6 in the pack !
f . m . brown must talk to the bunnies to find out what they really like.my bunnies are so excited to eat their dinner . bunnies recommend this
we love your product . the ticks run from this collar ! ! fast mailing also , thanks preventic !
would have given it a 5 , but have to replace it when the dog gets close to pulling sqeaker out ; which does take quite a while ! !
this was a great product and the price was great . will buy again from this seller . the dogs took the tablet with no problem .
if its for your vivarium or terrarium , this is the only fogger you should buy , forget about the rest . price is great even with intl shipping .
i love the dog treat jar ! it's really cute on my counter . it could be a little sturdier but so far , i've had no problems .
my lab does like this toy but it is not one of his favorite . its tough because he hasn't caused any damage to it yet !
my old dog will chew theses and seems to have sweeter breath . so this makes me very happy as he doesn't like his teeth brushed .
my two mini-dachshunds love these crunchy treats . we use them for rewarding good behavior , which is not easy with this headstrong but loving breed .
golden doodle likes it . it keeps his ears bacteria free ( or healthily low ) . no yeasty stink so i like it too .
i change out the entire wonderbox about once a month , although i scoop every day . they last a long time and i have 3 cats .
my boxer loves this thing . we have had it for awhile now and whats amazing is it's not ripped to shreds . very durable .
adorable , my dog loved it . chewed the hair off first though . very tough toy . would recommend for large dogs , mine is a lab .
great , easy to use , snap off top and on the dog in seconds . no pain , no rash , no side effects of the dog .
my budgie loves this toy ! he didn't even need time to warm up to it . usually a week is required . very pleased with this product !
great price kitty absolutely loves this stuff and due to its finicky nature variety is best suited for the kitty .
great shampoo for my yorkie but it probably only lasted 3 days , would buy again , did not use the conditioner yet
used it just 3-4 times but its good stuff . it does what its supposed to & i like that . i would recommend it to anyone & everyone .
this is so comfortable in your hand and works amazing . i have a bichon and it gets through her thick outer coat without hurting her .
my dogs love them . i think they would make a meal out of them if i'd let them . i'll buy more soon .
these filters fit snugly , are easy to replace , and do the job well as far as i can see . not much else to say .
bought this to go with the self cleaning litter box . my daughter has 2 cats and just loves the product .
great for cats and small dogs to play when bored highly recommended for any dog or cat owners to keep them occupied !
overall a good deal . convenient , always with the dog , when needed . the leash might need to be a tad longer .
i thought these would fit better in the end of the kong bone . she still loves them . i like knowing they are good for her teeth .
cats don't seem all that interested in this toy but once in awhile will slide this across the floor . i probably wouldn't get this again .
my cats like all varieties of felidae dry cat food . it seems easily digestible and is better for them then most commercial foods .
i like this tubing a lot . the blue looks good in the water . not much else too it . works great
my dog likes these ... iike the way they open at the opposite end of the label so you remember what they are ... :o)
this calming liquid is awesome . it is all natural liquid and work wonders when my dogs are stressed out from thunder and 4th of july .
this makes the fur very silky and smell wonderfulboth dogs seem to love it . easy to apply and rainse
natural balance was purchased by del monte . this product has gone down hill and will never buy again . not the same product or quality anymore .
scratcher was much smaller then i thought . it's not suitable for grown cat .
on the coast we get a bunch of fleas , ticks and mosquitoes all the time and this is really the only thing that saves my dogs !
this thing is great ! ! fits perfectly in my filter . you can add whatever you wish into it . works great . i will purchase another .
just a pinch in the morning has stopped my cats eyes from running and their throwing up fromallergies . no need to mix it in .
my dogs love it my husband hates the smell and the dogs win out for this choice . i will always buy from here .
small tasty treats with good ingredients . three of four of my dogs loved them .
i only used one for my 10 gallon fish tank , and so far it seemed like it's doing its job , and my air pump haven't broke yet .
this item doesnt work at all , absolute garbage ! a waste of money , my kitten is as bonkers and anxious as ever
this product works great with my boxer jake's sensitive stomache ... it seems to even out his digestive system and limit the frequency of loose stools ...
i've been using this product for quite sometime now . my fish love it and it is not as wasteful as the regular flakes.price was good too ! !
they work great and easy to install with the petmate bowl which i love . if you have the bowl stock up on these . great product .
i have purchased a variety if treats for my pomeranian but this seems to be her favorite ! she gets so excited when she hears me open the bag ...
we heard about this type of leash on the tv show , dog whisperer.it is simple to use and it works wonderfully with the sliding tab .
i ordered these to replace the filter in my betta's tank . they fit perfect like the original and seem to keep the water clean .
i bought this for a cat rescue i help online . they have some new kittens and i think it is a reasonably priced good food for kits .
my grand-daughers rabbit play with it all the time , you can hear him at night moving it around .
my little papillon loves them and i think they help a little bit with her breath and teeth . highly recommended .
sturdy leash that really shines in headlights and streetlights , feel like i and my dog have a big extra measure of safety at night .
great for pups with diabetes too ... easy to break and share ! our girls really go for them.ingredients are wholesome too .
got this for my 11lb dog , fits nicely in my bag and doesn't leak . i like that the bottle is stainless steel instead of plastic .
neither cat is very interested in this toy , aside from occasionally pushing it onto the ground when i place it in their spot
great toy ! the only problem i've seen is my dog has started to chew up the handle of the toy . otherwise it is great !
my dog chewed them up with no problem . he likes the taste so they are easy to administer . the next morning , no more worms .
i think this is a good product , especially for the price . it'll last me a while too . always had really good results using this treatment system .
my daughter has a small chi-terrier . she enjoys playing with this quite a bit and chases it around the house .
i use pouch often . very helpful when training or walking my dog . i am happy with the purchase of product .
it is perfect , sturdy and does not take up too much space . well made . my cat should enjoy using it for a long time .
the harness is so good and we can walk with more comfort and know more pulling on our neck , its a great success
our dogs loved this product they started tearing off the ends . if you have an adult dog whos not a big chewer , great bone .
the most perfect fit xl for my 10 lb dog . it is so soft and made so well . so easy to get in !
this " chew proof " model has withstood several months with my golden retriever . i have hopes that it will last for years .
simply the best and a fabulous price . will definitely buy again and highly recommend . they also are attractive . you'll be very happy with them .
this didn't work on our dog or either of our neighbors ' . they still bark as much as they ever did .
fits my filter for my bettas tank just like it should . the cost is way less than buying in the big name stores .
this device keeps one of the cats from shredding the side of the couch . it is worth every penny i paid .
it attached to my window sill easily and is very secure using the included velcro for the sill and bottom supports . my cats use it often !
i've used this product twice , and can say that it works as good as the claims made about it . would buy again . a + + +
i use this bulb for day time basking for my red eared sliders . it puts out a generous amount of heat and each bulb lasts for months .
i have used this product consistently for all of my goldfish.this product helps keep my fish tank clean and easier to maintain
great for most fluval canister filters , combine it with some carbon and your tank will be clean . change monthly
my senior cats love the gravy.in this food . i order these through the subscribe & save method , so i never run out .
my cat would not eat this food at all . note that she is extremely particular about what she eats and this didn't meet her standards .
my 8 months old doberman has very sensitive digestive system . with this dog food , his poop has good consistency and his coat is very healthy and shinny
i love it for my dog but my dog is so picky hes doesnt want to eat his food if i pour this over it
my cats love playing with it . i'm happy when they are . i will recommend this product to my friends with cats .
these can be broken into quarters so that i can reward her good behavior without over feeding her with treats
we put these in our girls kong toys and it keeps them happy for hours . i order the peanut butter flavor also .
totally useless . it is so lacking in power that it stops dead when applied to the dog's nail , and my dogs don't even have very dense nails .
high quality , proper size . it's tubing so there isn't a whole lot else to say other than " would buy again " .
i should use this more ! it works when i use it , and the cats aren't bothered by it at all .
my hamster loves this toy . keeps his urge to chew under control and successfully prevents him from chewing on his cage's wires .
i love these bags . they are the best poop pickup product i have ever used . they are larger than most and really get the job done
use it on my cat who has forls .. recommended by my vet . does a good job of eliminating some of the inflammation .
anyone who is owned by a cat needs to get this toy . it gets them excited and moving no matter what their age is .
pretty cool thing . i have it on a timer and the kits party with it . play / drink / watch - the whole shebang .
smells like human food ! whole pieces of fish . none of the cans arrived dented , which i saw as other issues for some other customers .
it was the perfect fit and very cute . easy to get her in and out of . veil was the icing on the cake !
i purchased these for a friend who has a dog and he told me that his little doggie loved them ! ! thank you !
bought this for my dog , it is hard to get it down her throat unless i put peanut butter on it then she swallows it on her own .
much better than plain charcoal and is a better price than the same thing in the stores . it is a larger container than i thought .
this collar is so cute ! my daughter loves the leopard / cheetah prints so i got this for her female dog
great nutritious snack . my mastiff loves them ... great alternative for rawhide ; keeps her busy for an equally as long if not longer than traditional rawhide .
these must taste pretty good because my pug loves them ! so they're tasty , nutritional , and functional ! you can't beat that !
this is peppermint bliss in my dogs mouths ! they actually try to lick the bottle because of the mind flavor
this tangle remover is really handy when working on my old farm dogs . works and is easy to use . not a lot of chenical odor
they get very few of them , and they last a long time . they keep well . they are made in the usa .
directions are easy to follow and you'll love the self service results ... no more wondering it the dogs need to go out .
i never used a table for my yorkies and i was amazed how still they were ... worth the money thanks
will help your fish recover from illness or stress great addition for after transport or water changes . not a must have but helpful .
the probiotic did nothing for my cat . his diarrhea stayed the same . i was really hoping this would work but unfortunately it didn't .
both of my cats would not eat it . i free feed dry food and offer wet food once a day .
great price for two power heads . strong water flow and easy clipping suction cups and rotating positional mount.received order under a week .
it gets some attention , but the blue plastic pieces do not fit securely and slip off easily when the cats reach for the ball .
amazing my animals love this drinking fountain and so do i . another fine product from drinkwell
i was surprised that our two lab-mix dogs like these better than the " beef basted " rawhide strips . will buy again .
really like the look and feel of this harness . easy to put on and take off ; nice bonus to have a reflective quality to it .
would not recommend it , dog destroyed toy on the first day . waste of money as far as i am concerned .
much better control of my dogs with these and less stress on their necks when they tug and pull on walks .
nice little impeller works good on my filter i really recommend i replace after 8 year's to used good on the price
my cat doesnt eat it at all , even mix with wet food , and he stays stink of his mouthvery disappointed :(
we have 3 cats and i thought they would love it . they like it ok , but they don't get very excited like with thier greenies treats .
training a puppy and needed this type of collar . well made and has made walking the dog so much easier .
our precious cat cutie pie loves this protect and it works well for her . she doesn't like being around many people she is diffentily melancholy
this is a very well-built sturdy toy with plenty of fun things for my 5 month old maltese to drag around and chew .
these have been great to train my older dog to go up and down his new stairs with ... good treats
when i took my dog to the vet he gave her these vitamins so l been buying them for a while now
i tried but my senior cat would not even eat these . my cat just smelled them and turned her nose up .
this thing is great . very pricey , but seems to last longer than cheap ones , and looks way nicer too . my 3 cats love it !
thought it would be a little large , it it kinda small for medium . not our dog's favorite . she barely uses it .
my little dog loves these balls , she's a 14 pound bichon with a small mouth . they fit in the small chuckit .
i have been using this product for years and my dogs don't mind . also , free shipping .
this is my second time buying this product and it is still great . my dog loves it ! it's little expensive though
not sure that it does what it is supposed to . used it for over a month with no noticeable difference .
i use this for my 60 gal reef tank , with an ehiem rubber starting bulb.this gets into small places a reg hose cant reach ..
it's there favorite " meet daddy at the door " toy for a quick game of tug of war and easy for them to retreive .
great value . they smell , but the dogs go nuts for them . the only time they are quiet is when they have one of these .
my 2 year old pit tore it to pieces in less than 5 minutes . not for strong chewers . otherwise have fun cleaning up the mess .
this keeps the squirrels away . though they will keep trying ! they can't get around it . i have several in my back yard .
it is perfect for my fur-baby when we walk . too bad i can't attach my own water bottle this way .
i needed something without all the extra grains for my dogs and they love these treats . not a lot of calories either . they are great
my cat loved these and even after she was done with the meds she wanted the pill pockets :) she waited to get these every morning
he loves this thing ! along with his frisbee , this is one of the toys he frequently brings me to play fetch with !
my cavaliers king charles loved these dog chews.each pouch contains 60 chews , so that is pretty nice supply per bag.recommended .
strong , large and gets the job done quickly . additionally the fresh ' litter ' doesn't seem to stick to it like it does the plastic scoops .
i was trying to help my dog's anxiety . however , this did not help at all . my dog still exhibited anxiety with this product .
my two dogs sitka ( schnauzer ) & sherlock ( chorkie ) love them and they last a bit longer than more bones . thanks
box is nice .. seeds grew fairly fast .. bottom line , cats did not like them .. may be just our cats .. oh well
works well , we bought this for our two 85lb labs . one has long hair and one has short hair and it works well for both
the only part remaining 2 months after purchasing is the outside cover . unfortunately my dog destroyed the bed and bumper .
i have a very fat cat . he can fit in this box , and the high sides keeps everything inside when he's covering his business .
purchased for use at an animal shelter as it was on their wish listhave used for my own dogs . great toy .
my yorkie loves to play with this toy . she is tough on her toys and this is lasting through her pulling and biting .
they love it . i give chews to my dogs everyday . they are looking forward to have iti would recommend to buy it
my kitty loves this glove and can't wait for her grammy to brush her . she jumps in a chair and waits patiently .
my two yorkies really like this toy and with the hard , braided body i think it will last a long time .
cheap material and does not fit well , i was not impressed at all with this jacket . pretty much junk in my eyes .
these really do last longer than cow rawhides and are great if your dog is allergic to beef , like mine is .
ordered this for my growing labradoodle puppy . it is really a great product . easy to install . looks nice and sturdy . fast delivery of product .
it's what it's supposed to be but my cats don't use it.seems the like the vertical scratchers with rope .
green magic mightie mouse dont know what the magic refers to but the cat still likes it magic or not .
our dogs love these sweet potato treats and we are glad they're natural and good for them . nice size for a healthy snack between their breakfast and dinner
this toy will last a long time even with 2 big dogs pulling on it . toy is great , i would recommend this toy
some of my rats chew on these , some don't . they do seem to enjoy carrying them around . for $ 2 , they're worth a shot .
this oil is great for my elder chihuahuas . i am very pleased with the product . however , the pump that one pays extra for leaks terribly .
perfect size for small pets . it's a real baseball but softer and the squeaky is the best . we love it too .
thes are good cat treats and they also serve a purpose to help the cat . my cats like them so half the battle of hair balls is complete .
he really listen when i start training him , im no expert , but it works because he does the command i give him for the treat
nice smelling flavor for my puppy . it seems very gentle and the price was good . i would buy this again .
my 9 week old boston terrier killed on of them in 2 days , not very interested in the other two .
i don't know what else to say about it .. i use it and it works cat seems to enjoy it ask the cat to review it ?
arrived fast - all the cans were intact-convenient.just what me and my cats needed for a snow day---if i ran out of cat food
my cats love these treats , especially the chicken flavor and i was glad i could by a quantity and save trips to the store .
fits perfectly in my 05 corolla and holds up great against my 80 and 40 pound dogs . easy to install and remove .
i put treats in this and the dog plays for hours . he rolls the ball around with his nose and eventually gets the treat out .
my little parakeet loves this toy.just try it and see for yourself . i recommend it for your bird.thanks !
the chamomile really does calm our dogs after eating them . i give them with their food and also a treats before the dog park .
my dogs really enjoy these sticks though they have them done so fast . i wish they were a bit harder .
this cat litter mat is easy to clean and i did notice less litter around the litter box . nice color .
my dog loves these toys . these are great toys , hold up well with our dog and keep my pup busy for hours .
these drops clear and clean my dog's eyes ! for chronic eye infections i recommend halo eyes but this is a good product to use inbetween cleanings .
this product seems excellent and very enjoyable to the fish , i would surely buy this again when i need to .
i have a 55 gallon freshwater tank , and i keep on it and the water is cyrstal clear so i guess it is doing it's job .
goes on well ; dog seems to appreciate the attention and the bonus ? it's great for my own hands ! highly recommend .
of all the toys , this is the one he didn't bother with at all . hardly a sniff . might work for some !
i'm hoping this will shrink a bit in the wash / dryer.it ' s a nice style for my boy ... not too flashy with just minimal bling.definitely recommend .
removes all the chlorine and chloramines efficiently from my tap water . great product , and it's very cheap , too .
a great chew for my 2 golden retrievers . i bought 2 of these and so far they are being thoroughly enjoyed .
i thought this would be the same size as the one he has we purchased in petco but it was only half the size
it does keep my doberman away from chewing household items . however , it vaporize quickly , i need to spray frequently to the object
i didn't care for this product and i will not be purchasing it again.it didn't smell good nor did it get rid of the urine smell
purcahsed for cat food and we are happy with this container . cheaper than we could get in store . would buy this again .
i don't know why she won't eat these . she does like the cet and hartz brands . these are very thick and bleached white .
we were glad to have this product available affordably and delivered quickly , as it saved everyone's sanity ! we conquered the problem with this product .
my j . r . terrier seems to like it . he doesn't like anything perfumy . it keeps his skin from being irritated and soothes .
this is great pooper scooper . it gets the job done . i have had it for awhile now and it is still going strong .
need a backup for our fish . great price and product better air supply for the fish and helps the tank
very thick , cats like it , dog does not use it . cover has no zipper & cannot be taken off to wash .
this works well on my great dane and i would recommend it to anyone with a short hair dog . quick shipping !
really like this for my puppy's restriction needs . he can go outside to pee without me worrying he will run off , which he would in a heartbeat .
4-7- 14 i have two cats and they both love this flavor . i purchase the variety pack also , but they eat the other flavors under protest .
im really happy with this product . i bought 2 of them and they work great . will buy again in the future
i mean , what's in a scoop ? it's good , it's durable , and i like it .
i like these poo bags . however , they are kind of thin . it does the job and i would buy them again .
these are good for my doggies and better still them really eat all of the bones and look for more .
it took them a little while to get used to it , but now both like it for a change in shredded / gravy meals .
my girls love these and they are entirely digestible . a little pricey , but with pet treats sometimes so dangerous today , they are worth the cost .
for my little girl chihuahua mix . it's a cute collar , looks like lily pulitzer , and an excellent price . would definitely recommend this seller .
i have a cockatiel , and a parakeet ; not very strong birds . so i was surprised it fell apart so fast .
we've used this for years whenever one of our pups gets the runs.it works every time we need it .
i have tried them all and this truly is the best . extremely absorbent , long lasting and tight clumping . there is no substitute .
the cats love this catnip but i buy all kinds and the only one they don't like is the blowing bubbles
i had this toy for 3 days and the feathers were all over the house . obviously the cat enjoyed it , but it doesn't last very long .
they did not fit my dog's feet well , and need some type of sock or liner . needs a better design . will look around for something better .
this is so cute , my guinea pig likes it alot & it has really helped keep his teeth from getting too long ;)
i mean this is exactly what you pay for . very happy with the price and will buy again in 6 mos :)
well made . but my cat never plays with it . i even tried putting catnip in it . didn't work . have it stored away .
when my puppy chews it , it makes a cracking noise and he loves it . it can be washed in the washing machine .
we have a cat that is almost 20 pounds and she fits through the door . most pet doors are too narrow , but this one works .
this is a must for every dog . my american bulldog loves it and uses it every day . perfect to put treats in as well .
my fish love it . i have crayfish who devour it whenever i put it in the tank . i am running out and will have to reorder soon .
my english bulldog loves to chew on this and it has worked well for hi diet ! highly recommend it to anyone who has a bulldog !
perfect in every way . keeps my girl warm , fits perfectly , easy on and off . washes beautifully and does not hold stains .
this is the same as the regular malaseb shampoo , if i remember correctly ... not sure what the ml is on this one .. but great for kittens ...
great antler - my pup loves it . it was pretty fresh though ( moist and red inside ) . also , a great price .
to echo the other reviewers , this seems to be a good dog toy - especially for teething puppies . so far it seems to be quite durable !
my dogs love this toy ! they play with it constantly and i love that it keeps them occupied for several hours .
seems to be working like a charm and sturdy . was a little to big for my puppy but was able to remove a few links to have it fit
as always , this is another great product from this company that makes very good items for both freashwater and saltwater tanks .
i used this product religiously for my " hyper " male cat . it did nothing to calm him down , but i think it calmed me down ..
fancy feast is too rich tasting for my old cat , so i mix it 1/2 & 1/2 with another brand of cat food .
these poles are great and portable with their own bag . they stand sturdy and stable even for my novice husband and beginner dog .
this is a decent chew bone . doesn't seem to be as durable as some of the other nylabones , but my dog really seems to like the flavor .
it was not sturdy enough for my dogs , rottweilers . tunnel was alright .
the product smells pretty good and makes my puppy's fur very shiny and soft , works great ! i would buy this product again .
i am in fl and get ants in the summer no matter what i do . this seems to keep them out of my dogs food .
excellent quality toy . our corgi loves it and sleeps with it in his crate each night.lisafresh eggs dailywww.fresh-eggs-daily.com
love the great prices , variety and easy delivery from amazon ! this wet food is a great supplement for my cats who don't drink a lot of water .
my dogs are addicted to these & i give them one every day . good for their teeth & gums & are easily digestible .
what cat or kitten doesn't love this type of play . perfect for getting the kids to interact with cat or kitten with very little risk of getting scratched .
this toothbrush was no different than a regular toothbrush . they hated the toothpaste too . i'd do better with a regular toothbrush and some baking soda with babyfood .
works perfectly well . i keep a costco size 35lb bag of food in here and it stays fresh .
so far so good . i picked this one because i was trying to keep from piling too many items inside the tank . seems to work fine .
compact , easy to assemble and put to use . extremely good purchase for my household . i have no negatives on this product .
i've used this many times with success but find gnc , sold by pet smart to be less expensive and just as effective .
this product is indestructible and well-made . it came securely packaged and is just what was advertised . a must for large dogs !
wellness products are great .. but what do you do when your cats crave beef ? give them beef stew ! and they will love you for it .
i have found multiple uses for this 12 inch hook including using it to hold the paint can on my ladder while painting .
very good bargain with the free shipping to my place . this shampoo leaves the dog's coat smooth and pleasant smelling .
my dog loves this bed . it is a good size and a great price . not too bulky and travel friendly .
great little adjustable tank heater ! i have one in my 3 gal and 5 gal both keep the tank at set temps .
it cleans my tank very well after my fish's feeding time is over it takes up all the leftovers and keeps my ammonia levels low
i have a small dog and this is the first puzzle that she can do . it's well orth the money !
this thing would barely cut my cat's hair . and he's a short-hair . you have to go very slowly and it was pathetic .
deeeeeeeeelish ! dogs bosses over these . dog yacks on this thing all day . great for too thing dogs . will buy more
my chihuahua loves these . they are long and narrow . i was able to break it into pieces .
these are good quality pads and don't leak but my puppies lick on them when they are clean as though they taste good . weird :)
these balls are great ! they're soft , have a fun jingly sound , and my ferret plays with them every day . he really enjoys them .
i would have preferred a much longer wand but it's ok i guess for kittens . unfortunately i have adults and they were totally unimpressed
basic dog food , not exciting . my pups like innova better , but they'll eat it when they realize it is all they are getting for breakfast .
this is super cute ! my little maltese absolutely loves wearing this sewater and he looks so handsome in it :)
this treat is good , i have a very finicky eater and i finally found a treat she likes . excellent product .
dog loves it , hours of fun ! if you have 2 dogs is turns into an all out tug of war and the toy still held up .
i love these for training treats because of their size and their quality ingredients . my dogs just plain love them .
this product keeps my water clean and fresh and the fish happy ! i would recommend it to anyone for sure !
my little morkie loves this toy and the little crackling sound the balls on the end make when he bites them !
another perfect puppy shower gift - will keep the little occupied and great teaching toy - highly recommend for that first puppy
we got this because our chickens aren't laying as well lately , but unfortunately they don't like it , so we can't say how well it might work .
this cat tree looks nice and sturdy . i don't mind having it sit in the middle of my living space .
every time i walk in the room , my guinea pigs chirp at me because they want more of this hay ! it stays fresh for a long time .
we saw improvement in our 12 yr old dog within 20-30 days . she has better mobility and goes out with our two puppies and plays more often .
smells just like you cut a fresh watermelon . have used these products many time and we love them , they all perform well .
i already have this in black for my boy tazzie , so i ordered the pink for my girl bella its a nice soft sided carrier
this product is not spill proof , plus is very difficult to empty out the last of the water , which makes cleaning it a problem .
good packaging . arrived early . my cats love this stuff . read the label . good ingredients . and i've bought this item for years .
my cats figured this out quickly , i put treats on one side and my cats were just bouncing back and fourth the first day .
my dogs will chew these if they are desperate . otherwise , they prefer the vanilla and esp . the p-butter flavors and i enjoy the smell .
i love our vet i just keep in case of emergencies also keep in may car in my dogs first aid kit
what more can i say . the cats come running when i shake the bag . that is high praise for medicine .
im using this along with the earth bath oatmeal and aloe shampoo , the combination is awesome . my princess coat looked amazing from the first wash
cotton balz loves his greens . unfortunately he chooses to pull the seed pod out of his watering device and leave it on the floor . bad cat !
this works great . i like the color and the feel of the hose . i cut this into pieces whenever i need some .
even the largest bed was too small for anything over a cocker spaniel or beagle sized dog . cute bed but didn't fit my rough collie .
this is a great product . it keeps our cavaliers coats so silky and soft . ill keep them on it forever
i bought this leash for my german shepherd dog , however i previously bought a couple of others & have only used this one once or twice .
i like this a lot . looks like it will do a very good job and keep my puppy entertained and her teeth working during the teething time .
took them a while to use it but now they are all over it .
my dog loves these balls . he can chew on them without wearing his teeth down like tennis balls . he prefers them to all of his other toys .
my cats love their turbo scratchers ! sometimes i can't find the pad replacements in the stores , so it's great to be able to purchase them on-line .
my dogs are puppy mill rescues with very poor teeth . this is one way , vet recommended , that i hope to keep decent teeth in their mouths .
these are yummy solutions to anyone having difficulty with giving their pups medicine ! very easy to use and leaves no lingering aroma on your hands !
i have tried several brands of pads for my dogs . i always come back to these . they are the best for the money .
she's really picky about her snacks , but these are soft and yummy ( to her ) and made in the usa , not china .
my 15 lb american eskimo chewed through this leash in five minutes . it isn't strong enough for anything more than a very small dog .
works well . have 2 of them . cool features and good price . no contacts to burn out . works on a microprocessor .
bought this for my daughter for xmas , it's what she wanted . my daughter has 2 cats and just loves the product .
very nice and baby loved it would buy again and will when i need refills . highly recommend especially for terriers .
i have got the orange bear looking one and my doggies couldnt be happier . they love pretty much all kong toys - i would recommend this brand to anyone
whisper air pump is very nice for a 50 gallon tank . i used it with a 6 inch air stone . i would buy the same one again .
our puppy loves these . we use them as a nice treat just before bed , to settle her down and " brush " her teeth before bed !
the bowl is very nice looking and does not tip when the dog plays with their food . it even travels well in my purse .
works perfectly ! i use to to attach to my dogs ' harness while riding in their car seats . they can still move around !
i had to return . , because it didn't fit my nine pound yorkie . it was too big in neck and around torso .
it has really helped for potty training my new puppy . easy to clean and does not hold oders . really like it
good product works very well . only one issue is the dog does not like have it applied and tries to rub it off .
have used this product for years and find our lawn is in good shape ; so will use it until someone invents out door animal bathrooms
i try to buy many flavors of the merrick grain free ! my dogs love the beef flavor ! and , it's made in the usa !
very cozy and cute . made well . bought for my little chihuahua , but my 17 pound terrier likes to cuddle up in it .
the heater is of small size , has an acceptable temperature range does not own a thermometer as it seems , it is only an indicator of self-regulated temperature .
most of the seeds in this mix my birds love , some of the bigger ones , they cannot get into . overall , great stuff .
pros : all natural ingredientssmells goodmake brushing my maltipom a breeze . takes the tangles / knots out like butter ... cons : little spendy , but worth it
smells strong of fish , which my dogs love ! they go bonkers for these treat every time they hear me pick up the bag ! !
i have a long haired german shepard and this tool was the best purchase ever ! ! ! highly recommend for everyone with dogs !
heavy duty fabric . good for inside . gaps in the corners to allow it to rollup don't keep out the drafts if outside .
my daughter suggested using these for my rottie pup ... they work great ... no problems ... and bella knows to use the piddle pads :)
i have been using this from my pets shedding , it does feel up fast with hair , however there seems a never-ending supply of dog hair
my senior kitty vocalizes at night and seems disoriented . i purchased this product to see if it might reduce his stress and it appears to be working ,
i don't know how , but it works . i will be re-ordering it in the future for my three tanks . it fits into the tank decor great .
my little dogs love them but there pretty short so i worry about them choking on them i find the biggest ones to give them
this is exactly what you will need for you nail grinder . good quality and great fit for the oster brand machine ..
my cats did not find this to be a tasty snack , maybe because it's more of a treatment than a treat !
tried these due to the low cost . produce large bubbles and dissolve quickly . i'll stick with the grey hydrofarm or equivalent stones .
this was bigger than expected ( my bad , the size is listed ) so it was too big for my dogs .
i use this to wipe down my puppy when he's come from outside and is all muddy since it has been raining a lot lately . it works well .
i ordered as my dog needs whitening shampoo . it is great , nice clean smell , lathers well . will purchase more when i am on my last bottle
great buy and my dog loves them and would recommend anyone to get theses for there dog which our dog is a service dog
only treat my puppy will eat , they are so cute look like little gingerbread boys , they are soft and chewy
my dog loves his nylabone . when other dogs come over he hides them because he does not want to share . good produce , and safe .
this is hard to find in the supermarkets and it is much more expensive @ the pet stores . our two dogs love this
this product is excellent for pond water changes and maintaining water quality between changes . it is easy to use and very cost effective .
my dog brock looked at i and walked away.probably best suited for cats ? anyways , wish he would of liked it ... because its cute and a great price
the cats liked it ; not sure what the actual cleaning potential is , but maybe over time i'd notice a difference .
i got the pink for my shih tzu . goes on easily and is thick and soft . worth the money . recommended .
the kitty loves it - so much he even goes towards the bowl instead of waiting for one of us to put it in front of him :d
my 14 week old portuguese water dog loves this . i use it about 2-3 times per week right now .
my five cats love this ! i was skeptical at first with the cheese in it , but they ate it right up !
it's smelly , it is processed , do avoid the gravy cans , buy the classic anything that has feast on the can is better for your cat .
but i'm afraid it wont last very long . it's much smaller than what you imagine in the picture . you might as well say size as pictured .
molly mutt makes a great dog bed ! they hold up really well to my large dog ! so far my covers have lasted a year and 4 months !
my puppy loves this . it's a fun ring toss for a small puppy and good for teething and chewing . i wouldn't recommend it for a large dog .
i had quick service after ordering . my cat also uses a regular litter box in basement but we have a catgenie upstairs and it's great .
all the neighbors loved this gator and so did our dog ! it is loud with the 16 squeakers , but the dogs enjoyed it and that's what counts !
this product complies exactly what it promises . the eheim products are excellent . recommend the use of this eheim substrat pro biological filter media .
i had this box for several years . i loved it . wanted to replace it with a new one . of course amazon had it .
love the product , it works great for my needs . i recommend it . i am happy with my purchase . you will be too !
does not work and it stinks worst than urine ! ! ! it was like spraying stink water on my carpet , total waste of money
my dog likes definitely likes these and they do not appear to bother his stomach . that's all that matters i guess .
all three of our fenlines love this flavor of friskies ... and our bulldog even begs for a taste . it's a winner all around .
i have been giving this to my outs for 3 weeks now and i haven't noticed any improvement in their skin . they do like the way it tastes .
one of the few cat foods left that have actual meat as the first ingredient ! a good food for the price and my multiple cat household loves it .
can't wait to use it for our new puppy ! product was as described and came on time even after cyber week ! thanks !
my cats loved it ! the two toys that you attach attracted them right away , nice to have double the fun of other toys .
my kitten and my cats love these toys . they chase them and chew on them . it seems like these toys are going to last forever .
keep this bed in my dog's carrier in car . as a result , they are not only safe but extremely comfy , especially on longgg trips .
this item was smaller than i expected it to be . i will need to buy a larger one when the puppy gets bigger
this petstages just for fun no stuffing plush lil squeak monkey dog toy for your favorite little dog is a great gift .
anything to keep her busy ! great little durable toy . just toss some kibble in and it keeps her busy for a while .
those bags are thinner than what i used before but it still works well . great value for the price you paid .
my little dog loves the harder chicken jerky but for some reason she didnt want but my neighbors american bulldog loved them
just used it again this morning . rakes poop up from the grass like a charm . older man's back likes it too .
this breeder box is great ! i have had no problems with it . i can save a lot more of my fry using this product !
high quality , metal comb with a push button to remove hair , very simple , durable and effective , best i ever used .
the cats at the shelter love this food . i was asked to buy this specific brand ! the love it ! thanks !
works well and is a good price . i use these on my pit bulls who love to pull and they shape right up .
this is pretty tiny so make sure you measure before you buy . would have loved it if it came in a much larger sizeas it looks very comfortable ...
my cat isn't very fussy about cat treats , but she inhales these particular ones . she seems to be very happy when she smells the catnip flavor .
seems to perk the corals up when fed ! easy to use along with tube squirt from kent marine and is easy to apply .
good for you turtles beak to keep it from over growing works very well and a source of calcium if your turtle will bite it
it was recommended by my breeder for my sphynx cat . i give it to him once a week with wet food and l-lysine . he is very healthy .
my cats go crazy over this toy , and it is fun to watch them sneak up on it for the attack !
helped with the drooling problem . but the styrofoam inside the plastic top keep getting moldly . might work as a travel bowl but not an everyday bowl
the cats don't seem to appreciate the flavor which makes it difficult to use this product therapeutically or regularly for hairballs .
the only thing better would be to teach them to use the toilet . but since that's not happening , this will do
my cats love this grass and it's crazy how quickly it grows ! ! a must have for my cats , they love it !
i feed my dogs only organic food so i like having organic treats as well . they like the treats a lot .
please tell me if the pan for the 49 " dog crate is metal or plastic . my dog annihilates plastic pans . thanks .
the cats really do not like this flavor . some cats might , but none of mine like it i think it may be a little over priced also
cute accessory for guniea pigs home.heavy bowl will help keep food in it instead of all over the cages floor :)
grows daily , under fluorescent light . no problem with initial planting , and no issues since . they love it , and nibble on it all the time .
my cat love this scratch post and has hours of fun with the ball that of the elastic string attached too the top .
just get these if you have a bulldog or other wrinkly breed . these rock . they prevent infection and tear stains when used daily . highly recommended !
we switched to this because our dogs have skin issues , it has helped tremendously , but we still need to use other things and really watch their diets .
i have two cats and one trained right off the bat , my other cat though is afraid of heights . great idea !
my cat loves it there ... super comfy . it is his own private bed and area to play too :) super soft too :)
my little dog loves these . price is fair for 2 lbs . will order more . thank you from me and dixie !
great product . makes it very easy to keep the egg babies a fun toy . our dogs love all the kyjen products !
my dog runs away when he sees this and jumped when i applied it to his skin . it smells ok though , and seems to work though .
probably they best for stabilizing water , the price is also great on amazon . there are other products but this one seems superior .
they are nice and fresh when opened unlike pet naturals brand and they are easy for an older cat to chew .
this little product did wonders in removing pet hairs from my suv . it's the only thing that worked and worked well . i highly recommend this product ! !
labrador / german shepherd mix pup loves it , but she chewed up the edges in record time , which can't be good when ingested .
this is the most affordable holistic dog food i've ever found . i'm so glad amazon carries it , and at a great price .
very absorbant and the perfect pad for older dogs that can't always make it thru the night without going . i would definitely recommend this .
like the collar . it is good quality and fit perfect on our great pyr . does not choke him and does stop him from pulling . try it .
this is the only product i use the for the tear duct secretion issue with my toy poodle , it lasts me a long time too !
the click is nice and loud , but not overbearing . fits the hand nicely . well packaged , quickly shipped . this is a good training tool .
my 12 pound terrier loves this for chewing , playing tug , and just carrying around .
i bought this to give our bengal a bit more of a challenge with his kitty treats . he figured it out pretty quick and seems to enjoy it .
bought this for fostering pups . worked great . folds up and easy to store when not in use . seems sturdy and long lasting
high quality kitten food is what kittens need to help be healthy adult cats.my adopted kitties teemu and selanne are thriving on wellness .
need i say more ? my two himmies think this is the only cat toy .
skin and coat really make my dog's coat shine . i've used several different kinds but these work the best . i'm very pleased to give them 5 stars .
exactly as advertised . i only wanted a de-chlorinator / de-chloramine . i didn't want the neutralizer like prime . this works great and my chlorine always tests zero .
these are perfect for training treats . i was happily surprised how big of a bag we received and even more happy when our picky crew loved them .
good quality , i use it mostly to hold dogs to trim nails . wish i had had this idea years ago . very pleased .
my dogs really like these and need more dental care . it is a nice thing to have handy for some extra tooth care .
this item is thicker than it looks online and my puppy likes wearing it . it did get kind of worn looking pretty quickly though .
durable and cute i hate that it only has one squeaker but i like it as well as my dog does .
my cats love this ! be patient though , for it will take some time for some cats to get use too . a must for any cat .
best investment ever . of all the toys pabu has , this is his favorite . he loves taking the balls out and stashing them in his multiple hideouts .
my aggressive-chewer five month old lab ripped this toy apart in less than on hour . i was pretty disappointed in the quality .
i love this product and so does my kittie ! just perfect and exactly what we were looking for ! thank you !
my dog has a tartar problem . these along with brushing seem to be helping . i use the fresh breath clean teeth gel too .
this is my favorite dog food . we use it for all dogs from shelties to english sheepdogs . it is full of great things . read the package
my dog loves the taste .. it seems to have helped ... she is allergic to condrotin , so this gives some relief with no upset stomach .
and he carried it around everywhere for weeks ! he really liked this bone . no tummy problems and lasted a while .
my chihuahuas like this , the price is good , delivery to my door is great and extra savings with subscribe and save
if you are doing the clicker training with your dog ( which works really well ) , this is very useful . it helped me train my puppy .
very nice , cat loves it . she sleeps on top when the days are nice . i'm glad i bought it for her .
my dog is not enthusiastic about food . she enjoys these treats which are light weight and easy to carry . number of treats per day must be limited .
the cat is unhappy once a month , but i'm pleased . the price was very good and the product is identical .
these pads are very absorbent and convenient for me to use ... my dog is training well by using these pads . donna narcovich
this is an amazing product for little dogs . its cute and stylish , and i absolutely love it . recommend for everyone who as a small female dog .
my dogs love this food and i appreciate that the number of protein sources is limited . great quality , highly recommend
the dog seemed to like the bones pretty well . the oldest one i have does not like them but she is picky
easy to keep clean , and my cat loves this box . best litter box i ever had ! fits great in any corner and takes up less space .
another one of those seachem products that creates happy and healthy plants . my plants have beefy stems and beautiful leaves .
50 ft of line has been good for my dogs practicing , she is just a puppy and has no idea herself how long this is . i love it
cats love them , and they'll get out of their way to meet you once they recognize the glove in your hands .
has a lot of settings on the time to feed.good design and easy to use . a bit hard to program but easy to learn .
my klee kai has a coat like a husky , and this is the perfect product to use ! very pleased with it !
i'm able to encourage her to go where i want her to with this spray . my other one doesn't respond to it much , but that's just cats .
pretty happy with these . one of our cats like these . it is always good to have choices for each cat !
wish they lasted longer . have to change them twice a week for the two cats or they get very slimy .
it is perfectly fine canned food , decent price . my dog likes it a lot . it smells almost like it has sage in it .
much less fat , no smell , no mess on the carpet like the greasy pigs ears leave behind . my dogs love them
i have a 179 pound saint bernard ... it does the job . i would buy it again , after now testing it out a few times
open the package , removed the battery protective tape and nothing worked . terrible do not buy this product adsfeafaefaef ewqf eewa
yup , this product works . i use it to litter train feral cats and kittens . if you work with domesticating ferals , this is a must .
so great that i have two . one inside with food and the other outside with toys and a small container of treats .
if my dogs could speak the english language they would have endless compliments . lean and healthy , which is very good for dogs .
i have 2 english bulldogs and they love the nylabones . the 3 pack is economical and perfect size for a medium-sized doggie :)
oh yes they love them but they love anything they can eati have three fat cats lola lot in bag
i prefer these strong , easy to clean , stainless steel combs over the plastic ones i've been using . i'm very happy with them .
fun idea but my 2 cats show no interest in it . gave it to a friend and his 3 cats could care less about it too .
my hamster loves his new bigger space and the product was so simple to set upthe service was perfect and i am very happy with everything
great color , collar stands out and easy to see at night as its reflective . would recommend collar and purchase again
good bags ... cant beat the price ... i love the quality of the bags themselves - i do not love picking up the dog poop .
my lab loves these ! much better than you find in store.one happy dog ! highly recommend and will purchase again
great toy very hard to destroybounces around and is lots and lots of fun for dogsvery heavy duty will take a lot to destroy
holds a lot of water and the birds love it . does the job well . i am very happy with this .
you never know with cats . mackie is only mildy interested in it . i thought snake would be his cuddle up buddy . nope !
this is a very good product and the amazon price couldn't be beat . i use it not only for pet stains , but for everyday stains too .
have 2 small dogs that seem to inhale the bones . they love them , so i never find any left over under the couch .
returned it way to small for my dog .. but pretty good quality.returned because to small for my bichon and she felt to confined in it as well .
so far this seems to be pretty good quality leather . we'll see though . i like the colours and it appears to be well made .
my dogs loved this . however it wasn't long till they tore it enough to have the insides come out as they ripped the seems .
my dog had this toy completely gutted in under 15 minutes . 2yr old , 50lb australian shepard mix
excellent short-term solution . it's effective in the short term for eliminating fleas . works well for dogs and cats . it's great .
good food ... just a little high on the fat content . better than a lot of products on the market and more organic .
dogs love them , but very stinky . if they have done something to make these smell less bad , i'd hate to give my dogs any other brand .
this is the greatest purchase ! i bought it for my cat to keep him warm in the winter weather , and he loves , loves , loves it !
superior grade item - great price my dog loves them - eats 2 per day and has no teeth problems
both my dog and my new cat love these treats hands down so i would recommend them to anyone for their pets .
this was a very bad ideal for a large older cat . i thing you have to start younger & have lots of patience !
dog loves it . two weeks since we bought it and one leg got torn apart , but the toy is still intact .
no more screaming puggie when i'm trying to do my boys nails ! i was truly amazed at how well the muzzle worked ! thank you !
unfortunately my chinchillas does not want eat those small baked apple treats .. :( i have a whole bag left with those ..
my dog and cats were drinking out of this the first day . my daughter is going to buy one for her dogs and cats , plus the reservoir .
i bought this for best friends animal society as a gift for the dogs they have at the shelter , my dog likes them so i hope theirs do too
they're filter cartridges for cheaper than what they're sold for in the stores . it's almost a save of 10 bucks . what's to complain about ?
i set this to about 79 degrees for my 5 gallon betta tank . the temp stays at 79 all the time .
my kitty just loves these treats . he is very picky and his treats have to be the seafood variety or else he turns his nose up at them .
my dog loved these treats , what dog would'nt love duck treats ? i will be buying these again.they are alot cheaper here .
like all rogz collars i've purchased , this is high quality . quick to ship , sturdy construction and my dog loves it . highly recommended !
i have a dog . he is old and blind and i don't want to walk him 15 times a day so these come in handy .
this is great for my dog , so thanks for having it for sale so cheap ! my dog's fur has never been so easy to comb !
my puppy chewed this toy up within 10 minutes . not sturdy , but the process of getting a return was fast and efficient .
works perfect for my pups - it is hard for them to get certain treats out - so they have all day to play with it .
my mini dachshund was having trouble getting up after a nap and now he seems like a puppy again . would highly recommend .
this is the longest lasting kong we've had . i would definitely recommend this product , especially for dogs that are power chewers !
i found this product to work effectively . i put it on her paw and she licks it off . that works better than putting it in her food .
my cat is huge and he loves this bed , my tiny cat does too but i think its the warming sensation .
i would recommend very durable . it was one of many toys i bought for my boxer . my boxer is happy .
works nice on maxi jet 1200 . i got 2 so i can switch them quickly for cleaning occasionally as needed
received item in great condition and a dispenser which wasn't mentioned came along too ! will buy again if needed in future .
gives my rescue kitties more space in their cages when i am taming down . love it . highly recommended ! very comfy .
the cat i bought it for is so skittish that so far i've not been able to even get the collar on the cat :-(
this is a great little reward for good little dogs ! my 3 dogs love them and eagerly await a serving .
the endcaps are the weakness to this toy . it took my presa a while to truly tear it up but only 2 or 3 weeks tops .
this crate mat seemed to work well for awhile , but ts week our dog decided to chew through it and basically destroyed it . good while it lasted !
i bought these for 1 year old main coon & snowshoe siamese . every time i shake the container they come running .
our dog likes them , while not it's favorite treat these are small enough so over a period of time they don't become overweight.we use them with other treats .
usually my pup can destroy one of these in less than a week . we are definitely getting some mileage out of this product !
amazing food . my dogs no longer scratch and their allergies have cleared up .
can't buy enough of these plush puppies . they keep my bulldogs engaged for hours & they love the squeak noises it makes .
my kitty's love hard treats . i bought a 6 pack on amazon prime and i think subscribe and save . good value .
although it says for fresh water do not use . i used as directed and it killed several of my fish and plants . use only for salt tanks .
my boston got the hang of it in just 2 days ! they are loud so you are sure to hear them if you are in another room !
this worked very well on my dog and saved me a vet bill.my dog did very well with this medication
great quality . great price . love that it came with a divider . already had one and bought another . highly recommend . excellent !
i was very excited at first but it doesn't seem to hold up . 1gallon later and the carpets shampooed and i get the urine smell occasionally .
only flavor my cats will always eat . auto ship is nice to have . price is better than going to the pet store .
this looked cute i liked the ribbon instead of robe for the retractable leash , it gave it a more expensive look .
the black seeds ( they look like poppy seeds , not sure if they are ? ) weren't touched . the rest was a hit !
it really does grab a lot of hair . my cat likes it . she tries to rub her face and mouth on it , too .
my dogs love kongs . they really last for big chewers and i can sneak treats , ice , and peanut butter inside !
this toy looks great and it even has extra squeekers if he pulls the first one out ... love that ... he is getting this for his upcoming birthday
i haven't used this yet but i will say that since it's a seachem product it will be great as all others are .
this tag has held up well without getting scratches or bent . lulu receives lots of compliments on her purple tag .
my ferret loves this thing . he sleeps in it on a regular basis . i think it makes him happy . its worth the price .
my bullies love nylabone and are pretty aggresive with their toys . there are the only toys i'll spend money on because they last and hold their attention .
cosequin works for our older cat - she is not so stiff when she walks . and buying online is much cheaper than at the vet .
just okay , doesn't do much , my dog can't grasp it.actually quite boring toy for a pet , unless your dogis a large retriever .
even though this toy was a little smaller than i thought it would be , it has become one of my dog's favorite toys .
my dog destroys everything to get at squeakers . i am learning that nothing that is marketed as " tough " truly is .
you get a ton of these in the order ! i will definitely order these again . bags are durable . no ripping thus far !
cats go crazy for them . by far my cats favorite toy . i have three cats and replace them every 6 months or so .
my dogs love the taste but i'm not sure it did much to help their bad breath . i'll think i'll pass on them next time .
this seems fine for a dog massager . i wasn't paying attention and thought it was a true bristle brush for brushing out shedding dog hair .
it's the perfect thing for one or two cats . they love it . i don't think it would be as fun if there were more than 2 cats
especially good for small to medium size animals . sturdy and well made . easy to grip and use . not recommended for large dogs .
this is a nice item but my cockatiel just does not seem to care if it is in his cage or not ...
our lab pup loves chasing this . it's a good way to drain a bit of his energy indoors . haven't tried this outdoors yet .
i have 3 cats and they all love this food . makes their fur look great and gives them plenty of energy .
my new puppy has enjoyed these bones-a great introduction to the nylabone line for a puppy . but the nylabone product my puppy really loves is the ring .
really does remove stains . i just reordered the larger size so i could refill my spray bottle . great product , believe the hype !
very nice litter box . no mess . just roll over and tap a few times on the bottom and wala ! ! clean box . thank you .
my two boxers love these . don't know how well they clean their teeth exactly . i use them as treats or rewards .
the middle body squeaker stopped working in less than an hour.all the other little squeakers are still working with no issues .
my dogs eyes that is . she gets freaked out by electric trimmer so close to her eyes and this works well .
not in love with this product . i think it made her itchier . i stopped using it after a few days .
i have used this ear cleaner for years . on my own dogs , and on customer's dogs as well , the most economical way to buy it .
even the picky eaters go crazy for this . my bettas favorite food.fish i own that love it : guppiesbettaneonskuhlie loachesshrimp ( yellow ) related to rcs
i order this stuff on a monthly basic's and i can tell you will really works . trust me on this
dependable , worthwhile , good value , keeps doggie occupied for long periods of time and lasts quite a while before we have to throw out the scarred remains
because i didn't brush their teeth as kittens , i fear that i will experience great resistance trying to do so now .
my dog played with this for about a day . it doesn't squeak , it crinkles and is kind of bland and boring .
inaccurate . spec states + / - 1 degree f . the one i received was off by over 2.5 degrees . don't waste your money .
i tried to put this on my schnauzer puppy and he just squirmed around . maybe when he gets older , he will be better .
use on my couches and living room chairs . removes every hair without elbow crease . works on fine cat hair as well .
this worked for a while in the crate , thin has no support . would not recommend for your pet . washes up ok
i think it pulls too much under the armpits . so i bought i big harness .
good price and means its off the local grocery list at a cost savings . cats love this flavor . dog steals a few whenever she can .
a little larger than i had hoped . makes it a bit difficult to get underneath of my 10 lb dog , but well made .
base is not large enough - have to fill it 2x a day or it starts to make sucking noises , and would eventually cause the pump to fail .
my puppy absolutely loves this toy . he will swing it around and squeak it and then want to play tug o war with me .
my gerbils like to chew it up . i like that when they chew it , the bedding increases in volume so a little goes a really long way !
a tank full of loaches and catfish really prefer this over the product specifically designed for them . i will buy another .
easy to use and accurate . i've used this twice and both times was fascinated by the results done on my rescue puppies .
great price and wonderful toy for all dog loves .. buy it here and dont go to walmart you wont get a better price there
my cats love this toy and play with it all day ! it is funny to watch them throw it across the floor !
i first found these at the vet and found them for less on amazon . the dogs love them and beg for them every day .
my little dog loves these and thinks she needs one every day ! my order was rec'd promptly and i will be ordering from this vendor again .
i liked it at first then it stopped working i was very disappointed ... and i love tetra products just not this one .
my dogs love these . i am so glad they have them on autodelivery so that they just show up at my door :-)
i like the ability of having a washable liner , it also looks simple to get it on and off . my dog loves it , it's her hideaway .
my vet gave me a thumbs-up on the excel pads . another client in the vet's office told me that she uses them and they are very efficient .
i use these drops for training and my dog just loves them . the price is reasonable and the product is easy to use .
great and easy to install , fits perfectly ! don't worry about measuring , just get your part # and it will fit .
easy to apply , seems to work well with my big st bernard . why do you have to write more words
my cats go nuts for these ! ! they play with these for hours ! ! i am getting ready to buy several more :)
i ordered these as a gift for a cat rescue & the kitties are just crazy over these toys ! i plan to order more .
this really works . the pee practically glows when this light hits it . works best in a darkened room however , two more words .
good quality dogs love them the only thing like the others is the price is a bit higher than i like to pay for the ounces
it's working fine nothing against the quality but i should have bought a more powerful pump for my 40g sw breeder
theres nothing special about sand . i use it for my red eared sliders . it's not perfectly white but they don't care and neither do i .
one cat loves it , one will nibble a bit of it , one won't touch it ... won't use this as all will not eat it .
very good quality . it even feels well made . and the teeth are such that they do a very thorough job ofcatching up the pests in kitty's fur .
the bag was not big enough i have 14 dogs and can't pay that price for 1dog to have 1 treat
our older dog really enjoys the comfort of this bed and i like the easy cleaning the removable cover offers
this treat is okay . i like the fact that the treats can be seen so that the dog can she the treats .
wonderful products , wonderful price ! i feel i will buy this product again in the future . i hope this company never stops making this wonderful product !
i have three dogs a 9 wk old a 8 month and a 1-1 / 2 year old they all like these .
used on my cat for his ear mites . worked great in a week . would highly recommend this item to others . thank you .
generous on the pounds ( more than 10 ) and the rocks came in perfect condition little to no ruble pieces 3 solid size rocks .
my pups really like this toy but it does make a bit of a mess in the house . i use it out side some time
i use these bags to remove cat litter from my clumping litter box .. easy to use and to dispose of cat litter
the tension is too strong if the leash isn't locked . it's fine , but if you are using this for a small dog it may be overkill .
kong is just the best . toys hold up well & are great for teaching by placing a treat inside . gives my dog lots of chew time .
after a month , still killing my grass with no improvement . maybe there just isn't anything to reduce the effect of urine .
my dogs love these snacks & i believe they are a better quality snack as well for my rescue dogs .
these wet noses apples an carrots treats are so healthy , all ingredients natural . my dog loves them . can't go wrong with these treatsfrom amazon peggy williams
my two rescue dogs love them and it's just that little extra to give them without being too much of a treat .
this is one seriously thick leather leash and easily holds my 120 lb monster . this leash is totally worth the bucks .
great value ! 1 very nice quality - perfect training lead ! much more expensive and less quality in pet shops - very pleased !
this is a great little heater . completely sealed and submersible . warms my 20 gallon tank very quickly . easy to adjust .
it is a bit flimsy . but my chinnie still jumps and sits on it , hides under it and chews on it :)
my dogs looked at this sniffed it then walked away . i tried to get them interested but no sorry they weren't interested . i have 6 dogs btw !
currently have on subscription great product , kitten loves it , great price better than local area pricing , may try the other flavor
it makes that honking sound that dogs love . it is big and floppy and cool looking . seems well made , we'll see how long it lasts ...
this lasted a lot longer than i thought it would.kept both my dogs keep occupied for hours.highly recommended .
i use it a lot f times and my cat did not recognice any difference , i left to use it
my cats will eat this if i mix it up with some other snacks . not a bad greens snack.ok
its good the dogs like them no bad smell to them either so that's a plus id buy maybe agaion
its a poopy bag , not much else to say except i would recommend you buy the 700 amount since it saves you a bit more money .
my corgis really love these and it's pretty funny cause they usually don't care for the same things ! good buy too !
kitties seldom tire of playing with it and they always go back to it / cleverly designed and seems to be really durable
i use it to contain my pet rats and as long as you cover the top with something it works well easy to fold and put away daily
nothing better out there . have been using this product for a while . it is priceybut would recommend it to a friend
these bags are great and great for the environment also ! they are very convenient and better than using a plastic shopping bag ! great purchase !
but my new puppy , ollie , thought it was stupid , and preferred sleeping on a towel . go figure . try it though .
cat loves this , i love all the kong products i've gotten recently to spoil my periwinkle ( perrr for short ) .
my picky cats didn't care for this brand--sorry ~ also the chunks were too big . my friends cats ate it just fine .
this does not clump well . it smells like urine . i will never buy it again . going back to fresh step .
exactly what i wanted and helps my salt water tank . recommend this brand they are the best . good luck with your tanks .
this is a plastic or resin product ( the pic makes it look like its metal ) but it does seem to be sturdy and does the trick .
sounded like a good bet for my cat that likes crinkly sounds but he didn't quite favor this as much as i thought he would .
nice and compact when shipped . breaks up nicely and is still dust free . my cage is filled with about a fifth of this thing
my cats love the feathers . looks like a bird flying in the air and they cannot get enough of it .
quality is o . k . but can purchase at my local meijer's one with better absorbency at a fraction of the cost .
my dog loves these . the size of the container is great and i love that the container keeps them from drying out .
a little bigger than i expected as i have a very small breed puppy . but she enjoys chewing on the end of the keys very well .
my puggle loves this stuff ! even though he doesn't like his teeth being brushed , he tolerates it with this paste . great prooduct !
my cats love this . i put it on their dry food and they eat the coated pellet ravenously . it is rather small and goes quickly .
these foam filters work well for the drinkwell 360 water fountain . they last a while , but are easy to reorder when i need them . they work !
dogs love it . bright , happy color . cute . have bought more kong toys , love them . dogs love them . your dogs will too !
not what i expected . it's okay , but as far as using it to cool for a teething stick it really isn't ideal for that .
ive been weening my orphan kitty from cat formula using wet food . now i put this out for mid day meals and he seems to happily munch away !
its really cute , but unfortunatley its not for rough play . it didn't last through the first night with my aussie .
i ordered this thinking it would fit my playpen but it is really small and don't fit if you buy this make sure it is for your size pen
although my beagle is not a finicky eater , she loves these treats.she gets them before bedtime because she is always hungry . nice small size , no choking .
i continue to purchase this brand of dog food . read the ingredientlabel and you will see why . my dogs thrive on it . great price , too .
this pump come complete with everything i need ! easy to open & clean . and slient ! i couldnt be happier with it
this is a fun interactive way to slow down our puppy from inhaling her food.also we were very happy with the heavy weight and quality of this item
great product for my dog's sensitive skin . cleans well , nice scent and she's happy afterwards ,
my boston terrier puppy eats this food mixed with the dry version . she gobbles it all up . the primary chicken base is good for dogs .
my shi tzu loves these as treats and i love that they help keep her teeth clean and healthy . i use them weekly .
my dog now has constant fresh water . i've had the bowl for a while now and it's working flawlessly , durable too . thank you .
works better than the other stuff i have tried and it's also less expensive , it also smells better than what i have tried before .
as far as i am concerned cat food is cat food , but my cats are the ones that eat it and they like it .
my 2 cats love these ! ! i was glad they were an add on item . my one cat brings one to bed with her .
the collar is very well made and easy to adjust . it is also very attractive and i am happy that it is made in the usa .
the cats usually love these toys , but mr . beaver wasn't as big of a hit .
i bought these to replace one that got lost during a move . was delivered quickly and it fit my carrier nicely . great price for 2 liners .
this is a very nice leash and it seems good and sturdy so it will probably last a long time .
this is my dogs favorite and most durable toy . he destroys other chew toys in a day , but nylabone will last weeks or even months
i like the thickness of the conditioner and makes puppy feel and smell nice . makes puppy coat feel moist . would recommend and purchase again
this little sucker has worked well , we only need to beep her now and very rarely do we have to get her attention with the shock part .
my girl waits eagerly for breakfast to be served ... this is a great alternative to having to feed raw twice a day . this is my girl's breakfast .
our puppy loves his sinbad .. heard so many good things about this toy and i wasn't disappointed ... next is the fuzzy wubba
this slides all over the place if your car does not have the exact items for attaching as shown in the instructions . mine car doesn't .
our new puppies fight over this one . , they love it ! great toy and so cute to watch the puppies play
my cat bachi . loves these mice . great price . plan to order more in 2014toss , play fetch . carry i give . 5 stars .
both my cat and dog love this . the animals are able to close the lid very easily , so you have to be there to open it again .
this seemed like a great idea however , my dog doesn't like the treats inside , they have no flavor and he doensn't touch this toy
these work just fine but the price seems a little expensive for only two filters but what can you do ?
great long lasting batteries . this two will last about 1 1/2 years or longer and are cheaper than retail stores .
i easily use one for 2 pills because they are so large . individually wrapped so they stay soft . i prefer these to pill pockets .
love them , walmart has another brand that is not as good and these do the trick and work greal . so bought them again this year
we sparingly use this ; powerful for our dog who loves to bark . we use it when we walk / hike trails around here--desert area .
it's exactly the same tube that comes with the filter . just insert it right over the existing one if you're extending it .
very sturdy item for the price and i got to have on hand when my puppies toys that have a squeaker stops i can replace quickly .
our cats fell in love with all their fishies , especially this one.one licked off the color ! they get nipped just being near it ...
our little guy loves this toy ! he's an intense and focused chewer - so it does have to be replaced after about a week .
i just got this so not sure if my turtle likes it yet but it has a good varity in it and seemed to be a good price ...
my chihuahua loves these since they are soft and he can chew them easily . i purchase them on a regular basis .
these are cute , unique toys , but i was surprised to see how small they are , very disappointed in the size .
my dog likes the taste and i like that the ingredients are all natural and good for her . perfect size treats for a large breed dog .
nice size and easy to clean . wish there were more color options but it definitely traps litter and is easy to vacuum .
i have used this products for many years and it has always worked . will continue to use it until we are all gone.dinne
my cats are crazy for these . they come running whenever they hear the bag crinkle . will be buying them again for my very spoiled " girls . "
she is moderately fussy , but after due examination , started taking them eagerly . i especially like the immunity aspect . highly recommended .
fits exactly as pictured . haven't had to see if it works yet , since the dog has managed to stay aboard .
he plays with it and carries it around and he can not destroy it and he really tries to very hard .
we have been looking for this product for a while as the store stopped carrying these . works as described and came quickly
cats love it ! our house cat and barn cat practically want nothing else to eat and i am ready to order more through amazon.com.thank you very much ...
my dogs love these greenies and they look forward to one each day . the greenies have helped keep their teeth and breath clean and fresh .
i am glad to have this product at my fingertips for a reasonable cost.it works well to clean my dogs ears and has a pleasant odor to it .
great brush for a chug , soft enough bristles yet gets down into the fur .
dont buy this our kitties have vomited this all over the house , does not agree with them .. terrible product . i do not recommend .
greenies - a treat that is good for my cat . she really likes them and they are very good for her
booda perches are great ! they can be manipulated to fit different size bird cages , and add variety to the perching needs of our feathered children .
love this product . keeps the tear stains from forming around our maltese dog . thanks .
i'll admit my greyhound has a long narrow face , but this collar didn't come close to preventing him from going after his leg injury . big disappointment .
i guess i should just accept that my dog will destroy every toy she comes in contact with . at least this one isn't full of fluff .
my cat just loves these at treat time . she will beg for them . i can not get them out of the bag fast enough .
this is the bet cat toy on the planet . my cats carry it around , cry for it , and generally go bonkers for this toy .
very convenient , love it we use it every time we go for a walk and they love it . thank you
my puppy loves it so far . it prefers to chew on this out of the other nylabone items i give him .
really not made for parakeets ... should be for larger birds ... made well though and worth the price ... never saw anything like this in pet stores ...
my german shepherd was having lots of problems with diarrhea . we switched to this based on what her breeder recommended . no problems since and she loves it .
i highly recommend this food and the treats as well . all dogs like it and it is really good for them .
my rats loved these treats . i'd put a few in the cage and they would last a couple of days .
a daily dose of this product has kept a dog who was having uti problems , free of them for over 2 years .
cats like meow mix but i just do not see a lot of nutrients . i am trying to find a better cat food .
i bought this as a second kibble game , but it wasn't as well liked by our dogs . i definitely recommend the buster food cube over this one ,
we bought this for an adult dog that we adopted . she never learned to play with toys . we're hoping she learns to love toys using this blankie .
this item is sturdy and durable , provides excellent protection to the car and can be used in different configurations to protect the interior .
my miniature american eskie loves this dental treat ! slight mint scent and fully digestable . has both chia and flaxseeds for a much healthier chew .
our mutt quickly teared this apart . not recommended for chewers . its a nice feel being soft and but has stuffing that he tore out .
just the most perfect traing treat pouch ... i love the open / shut tension pocket without having to fumble with velcro or zipper closings . very good product .
these are tough toys and keeps my dalmatian entertained ! love this company and the quality of tough toys they make for the bigger breeds !
she has zero interest in this toy . i've tried throwing , rolling , and springing them , and she doesn't care at all .
my girl loves this so much that she sleeps in it ! i watch her closely to be sure she doesn't chew it . love the colors too !
great delivery time & great packaging & great price.greenies are great . my dog loves it as a treat and we love it as a dental hygiene .
this must have one great taste , because the ferrets love it ! ! it is made from good products and a known name brand !
our gsp puppy was eating her food to fast and getting sick at every meal . we now feed her using this ball , and she loves it !
this works fantastic at cleaning the cat genie box . i love it and the cat genie was the best investment i ever made !
really fun purchase . the laser goes here and there and everywhere and turns off itself after a good amount of play time
this are a really great invention . i have two cats that are about eight pounds and these were a bit small .
my cat usually likes catnip but didn't like this brand for some reason . not sure why , maybe she is just really picky .
we have two labs , and we buy these as the only waste bags we use , good strength , and amazing price even compared to warehouse stores .
this is my main brand and i especially like the small bite size since our doggies range in sizes . they love it .
this crate has met all my expectations , and the extra door is a plus . i could have given it 5 stars .
this product works quickly on my little grey bully tabby and the orange tabby that he bullies . and they love them .
same as above , not last very long because the cat does like it ; and to keep replacing gets rather costly .
we own wubbas in various shapes and sizes and they always are a puppy pleaser . would recommend this even for active and intense chewers .
it keeps the dog busy but is not really durable . my yorkie chewed it up in less than one hour . this way it comes out really expensive .
my rabbits tips this bowl right over and water goes everywhere . if you get a rabbit definitely get something nontipable as opposed to this item .
overall good quality toy and my kittens like it a lot , but i was surprised by how long the ribbon is ( at least 1.5 feet long )
i did not purchase this item < theregore i cannot review it i just want to sub , it my reviews of the others
it is a great little toy for my service dog she loves the big one i got her and the little one .
the diaper stays on perfectly on my 10 lb maltipoo . it is easy to take it off and put it on because of the velcro straps .
my parrot seems to like this seed mixture a lot . there's very few seeds left over at the end of the day and he seems healthy and happy .
great chewing tool for all small dogs - pass time and something to work on when bored at home alone
our dogs absolutely love these biscuits which is unusual for them as i make them homemade so they're spoiled . my bad .
babble is about all it really does , not at all fun for my pets.will never purchase this again . no thanks !
our dogs love these i wish they weren't so pricey i would order a lot more . these are much more healthy for our dogs
this is better then fulminator . i love this tool . gets all the undercoat off my long hair dachshund . buy it !
when they say this is for medium to large dogs they aren't kidding . i had 2 australian sheperds and they loved getting these as treats .
decent leash but i wish the strap was a little thicker . letting it unwind to its fullest length allows it to get twisted and should be avoided .
the cats like it and have batted it all over the family room . that is all that matters to me .
had great reviews so i tried this item . my dogs acted as if nothing had changed and were still very fearful of thunderstorms and anxious in certain situations .
i use these with the round treat ball . my small dog loves it ! they dispense out of the ball just right so she keeps entertained .
so excited to have a decent furr cut ! it may take awhile to complete ; but , i can tell that they're already loving it !
this is a nice adjustable and quality collar . the glow in the dark is very dim and really not that great but still a good collar .
bought it for our new 4 - legged new daughter . she is teething and it really helps her out and us because she is no longer biting our furniture
the bellyrubs chicken strips dog jerky treats , 10 oz are crispy but easy to eat just the way my picky dog likes them .
works great and does a good job . my two labs and my maltese love this . i use the liquid too to add to their water .
makes it very easy to clean my pet fountain ! ! especially like the mini brush to get in to the small opening ! !
my cats love this . we received the bunny . one cat will grab it and drag it around the apartment to find me to play with him .
not a big hit with my two dogs . they will take them out to bury them in the yard before chewing them .
thankfully i haven't had to use this product to often so far , but it's nice to know i have it when needed .
its definitely very sturdy .. and preferable to the plastic ones for sure ( even the hard ones ) .. seems to wash well too ( no rusting )
my little havanese loves these toys . have been her favorites since she was a puppy . three years later , was delighted to find replacements .
fun and tough dog toy . i would recommend this toy to all dog owners . this toy will stand up to some pretty harsh abuse .
my cat is destroying this . he is pulling out the little stringy things . he throws it up in the air and chases it around .
nice . the cord is easy to handle , too , and it does not seem as dangerous about cutting my fingers as some leashes do .
mine arrived in reasonable condition-some broken , but not many . my dog likes them just as much as some of the more expensive nylabone chews it seems .
this is a good buy to keep your fish nice and warm . this will light up and warm the water ... no noise , no problem .
i purchased this item in addition to the flake food i normally provide . these pellets float on the top and the fish seem to like it .
my cat's like it ... it came on time , the cat's are happy , so that means i am happy . no complaints here
i was stunned at how much my cats love these whiskas temptations . some of the other flavors weren't so thrilling but this one is a winner .
this is a low cost solution when you have kittens . the size is perfect and our kitten had little problem using them from the very beginning
wow ! ! ! my dog loves it and i highly recommend chunky chews 8 " beef braided rawhide ring for large dog and 100 % please
this product complies exactly what it promises , biology is growing increasingly . the seachem products are excellent . recommend the use of this product .
this is a beautiful cat collar and i love the parrot green . i took the bell off just as a precaution . i would recommend this collar .
good product but over priced like so many things for our pets . seems to help but didn't buy it again .
my dog has informed me that she really loves this bed . she's about 80 lbs and fits perfectly into the 40 inch bed .
great product , use in my 75 gallon tank to help keep the water clear , easy to place in the fluval compartment , be sure to rinse first
great for training when going on walks . great behavior treats for the two dogs and just the right size treat
bought for my bull terrierpretty durable , great bounce to it . hard to get treats in and out of it - better used for kibble .
this is a great slip lead , i absolutely thinks it's the best . easy to use and comfortable on the dog's neck .
these filters work great with the booda litter box . without the filter , the odor escapes into the air making your house smell bad .
there's not much more to say other than they are hooves . the dogs liked them and they didn't smell too bad .
i like the product , but the collar could be a link or two longer . i would recommend ordering the extra links right away .
great filters they do their job and are well made . can't go wrong great price good quality product keeps tank clean .
this collar attaches to the buckle collar and is adjustable . i think it is a much safer alternative to the other leader .
my papillon loves the challenge and through this puzzle , she has become more accurate in finding where the treat is .
not just for big dogs . i have a medium cockapoo that really likes big oversized things , and he loves this !
after a while , she could take or leave this . they did not work well for training treats as she was not crazy about them .
these treats are very nice . can be broken into smaller pieces . nice to give the pooch non wheat / soy / corn treats . will buy again !
but this bottle is huge . most people won't need this size . i recommend getting the 16oz size for general cattery use and rescues .
works great for what it is ... it does clank a little when i'm walking with the retractable leash .
nice dog food bowl . the 3 quart capacity makes this a convenient size for my labrador retriever . blah , blah blah
my kitty loves this perch ! we also put a hdp slumber pet thermal bed on it , and he jumps into immediately at bedtime .
i give these to my puppies throughout the day just for something to chew on especially when we are away
even though my picky cat didn't like all of the flavors , this was a price that i wasn't choking on too much . very happy with the price .
my cats like petstages toys . the netting on the mice make these toys fun to chew or toss . these toys are safe & durable .
didn't work for 2.8 lb new yorkie . was too big . it is a great product though and we love puppia .
i love this product . it works much better with cat urine than any other product ive tried . no complaints here !
this needed more soap added to actually create and hold a bubble , but once doing so generated a bit of kitty interest .
though i do brush my dog's teeth these make it easier when i am lazy .. :o) he likes them and they were the perfect size for him .
great food for tropical fish . would recommend to others and the price beats the pet stores in my town for sure
my pups were not even interested in this toy . my sister's dog was actually scared of this toy .
my cat will only eat his friend of cat food . this particular flavor is her favorite . she doesn't like the peas though .
we use these to clean up after our dog and they work great . we also use them on-the-go for our baby's dirty diapers and wet clothes .
smells great and works great with our spray foamer . it will get sticky on some floors if not rinsed clear
i love this chew and so do my gerbils . fun to watch them climb it as find just the right place to chew . lasts a good while .
just what i thought it would be it works but i am still afraid to do my dogs nails . ho hum
cats are not easy to train , but the telescoping wand on this clicker helped me to guide them to what i wanted .
just the perfect amount to be used in the forever tray and it is way cheaper ! thanks for the great packaging !
my dogs love it and it does the job . i can't say the same for the adult brushes . it gagsme - - -
i buy these for the cats / kittens in my local shelter . they enjoy the squeaking sound and play with them all day long
i bought this to have on had if necessary . it's more of a preventative . i haven't had to use it yet .
my dogs love this and it has really shown to be durable for over 5 months ! ! this was a great buy !
it's a laser pointer . of course the cats love it . just glad i bought it when it was on sale .
we love this product . it works well for our dogs and is reliable . we are very pleased with the performance .
it did not last , and that was disappointing . i just threw it away . but we never know unless we try .
it was exactly what we expected , easy to put together and well made . it meet our needs perfectly . i recommend it .
it was expensive and did nothing for my pet that was spraying . he didn't seem to notice it at all . i was very disappointed in it .
i read other reviews saying these were large - not joking . will use these for ducks , there's so much room . fantastic quality .
the pups love this ! ! ! they go crazy for this lovely ball ! ! ! seriously should get one keeps them busy for hours !
i bought this at the recommendation of my trainer and have used it for a month with no complaints . so far so good .
they're wonderful if you own a betta . definitely recommend people to use these for them . very quiet and heavy duty .
my dogs love them .. they are organic , no wheat , no corn .. can get medium sized or bite sized for training .
we use these for our dog - buy the cat product for our kitties . good supplement and cheaper than purchasing at the vet's office .
my turtle loves to bask under the warm lamp . this lamp is the perfect temperature for where the lamp hangs and the turtle .
the packets are only half full and mostly juice , but my cats seem to like it . would like to see more substantial contents in the packets .
works well but my kitty is not as enthused as i thought she would be . maybe she'll warm up to it .
did not fit my door , so had to buy another one . i love these doggie doors . the dogs love them too when it is not raining .
a.little on the thin side , but ok . really didn't help with the pulling problem , but now she doesn't try to choke herself !
my dog loves these and i will continue to order as we run out ... service great too .. i would recommend to others .
this fits perfectly on the leash or on my pants loop . will hold 30 bags . dispenses easily and refills quickly.responsible dog owners always pick-up after their dogs !
my guinea pigs love this ! they like to run in and out of it . great for small pets to hide in and feel safe .
the pups loved it , .. what more could you have expected , ... no really what more could you have expected from a dog ?
really love this is very easy they eat this product , and for sure workthey look great and healthy , come on time
we love these - we always know where the dog is ! but they are small enough that they are not in his way .
my dogs like gnawing on this . it is a real pain , though to load the big treat discs into it .
durable , easy to use , easy to clean but the holes are too big . too much used litter gets through them .
use this when i take the dog to the park or bbqs works great with a 50 ft lead , gives her space and keeps her close .
while my two cockatoos don't typically like to eat other than their pellets , they like these . my littler birds love these extremely .
dogs love them and these are great for training and rewards . blue dog bakery have great products . prices are comparable to stores .
i am very thankful i only spent 7 bucks on these pan liners . they didn't sift the litter . just made a gigantic mess !
this will give you a piece of mind . buy it guys and if you don't like it simply return it .
this is first time i have ever used this stuff . but have notice my planted tank is doing really good .
i think this was ok . i see it in pieces on the floor so it's not a forever toy but not bad .
these are great for training , too may will give your dog runs .. but other than that . she loves them and wont eat anything crunchy now
stone is too big and makes too many big bubbles . i used it for a week . try something else .
i love this brush ! takes all the dead hair right off and is great for bathing too !
works . looks good . very pliable . only issue might be that it has a tendency to kink at the aquarium edge if you are not careful .
they batted them around with great abandon and did not worry whether the dog would unstuff their toys . i meowed to them and they responded in english .
this is a good product but the packaging was horrible . the arm works as advertised but the company needs to pack it a lot better .
very quiet and does a nice cut . i only use on feet but the quiet helps the dog remain calm .
our three dogs love this food . we make our own dog food and use this in conjunction when feeding our pack .
let's just hope that i never have to use these pads and kitty never pees in his carrier ... good kitty cat .
my dog goes goofy for greenies and this is such a great price . arrived on time and as advertised . will definately buy again !
i wouldn't buy these again ... they have an odd taste . i bought the sunkist orange & like those much better .
the dogs really like the sweet potato fries , but since this product is manufactured in china , i am hesitant to continue giving it to them .
my dog loves this food . i am glad iams made it . really good sized pieces and apparently yummy my dogs loves it .
cat was getting urinary infections and vet recommended this food + dry food and no uti's since that point.cat likes the food as well so a +
all of our cats have always been crazy about these treats . they like other treats , but they will beg and plead for these . definitely their favorites !
this is the second time i have bought this product and it works quickly . i always keep a bottle for my long-haired pups .
i absolutely love this . fits my yorkie well . she looks so cute in it . made really well . i would definitely recommend this . ;)
purigen rocks . always has , always will . it's fantastic chemical filtration media ! i use these bags to put purigen in and put them in my filters .
just a great , super cheap food scoop . will last a lifetime and the price is hard to beat . perfect measurements each time .
multi-cat home , plus i foster rescued cats sometimes ... this is the only litter they all like , and i've tried all forms .
still trying to learn how to use this , and the plastic tube keeps coming off , but it does the job i guess
this stuff works really well in my filter for my 29 gal aquarium and does a great job ! nice buy
as usual , you can trust the kong name to provide a quality product that your pet will use and enjoy .
luckily my puppy is food motivated , which makes training easier . these are by far his favorite though . he will do anything for one of these !
this seems to be perfect food for our puppy . it is nice that amazon delivers right to the door . no need to lug from pet store .
i like this brand and the fact there are different flavors . my dogs also seem to enjoy eating the kibble .
babble is very entertaining but after constantly ending up under furniture i became less amused . it needs a shut off button and so does my dog .
my dogs love this product ! i just wish they were on sale more often so i could buy more ! thanks
my cockatiel sammy loves this food ! it is more healthy for him and talk about less of a mess than seed !
we have an elder dog with elder joint issues . this product seems to help him walk with more ease , and no or less pain .
it's a litter scoop , what can i say ? it does it's job and hasn't broken , so i am please with it .
i bought this piece of wood for a craft project . it was a perfect size for what i needed and definitely very sturdy .
this all natural vanilla almond dog spray smells so good , exactly like biscotti cookies . unfortunately my dog's smell came back the next day .
my dog doesn't come when he's called but when i say " greenie ! " he comes running . the price is also much better than in pet stores .
i got 20 dogs throwing these hings around . they stand up to a lot of abuse , within reason . nothing is unbreakable
this big bag of filter floss is a cheaper alternative to pre-cut water polishing pads . works fine and that big bag will last you forever !
well built , assembly takes about 3 minutes.works great for a spaniel size dogno noted problems and we just ordered a second today .
the picture is very mis-leading . i was thinking i was going to receive a basket full and did not . false advertisement .
my cats love these . looks just like a real bird when you swing it . must have for any cat owner .
my dogs love this treat . they also like turkey and pumpkin . they smell tasty but i am not going to eat one .
fabulous product for our older dogs . no upset stomach which was a problem with alot of dog foods . love it !
not as tasty for my dog as other products , will not continue buying it . he rather eat little ceasars and dry mixed together
my cats love these treats . they run from all over when they hear the bag rattle . and they seem to be good for them as well .
my dogs love this and it's a huge thing that lasts for a very long time . we give it to them daily to help their coats .
this toy has held up great against my five month old aggressive chewer . other toys she's ripped apart in less than an hour .
my cats love the primavera collection . while they do not like the florentine collection , they will eat up the primavera collection
my dog loves these treats . they stay fresh and soft in the package pouch and break apart easily for treat moderation . i'm very happy with this product .
this bowl travels well it is good to use on outings and in the car or motor home . does not turn over very well made .
i've fed these to my plant eaters for years and they just thrive ! these hikari wafers are the best ever !
i've tried others . this cools the blade fast and keeps it sharp while cutting animals whose fur is not as combed out as i would like .
this collar works great . just know that it does admit an electric shock to your dog . it works great with my stubborn dogs ! ! !
best price i've found for koi food and the fish like it . just purchased it so we'll see how well respond physically .
perfect for pet waste pickup . better than a garden shovel and very light and easy to handle .
once heated it has a smell than both dogs and cats feels like getting away from that to cuddle with
please see my review of the sofa cover . i bought both and am extremely disappointed in them . they just will not stay put .
too bad the bag holds modest amount , but my big dogs do love the taste and i like the ingredients .
great food with no byproducts and super natural . reasonable price compared to other high end brands . my rottie loves it .
needed to get and keep my bijon fries de-matted and looking beautiful , but it does what it's supposed to do !
best investment i have ever made keeps my shih tzu's coat untangled and manageable . great 4 high maintaince of dogs / cats
this water bottle actually works pretty good for my dog and it comes in very handy . i like it .
this filter is the best brand of hang-off-the-back filter you can buy . aquaclear makes a filter that is easy to clean and maintain while also operating very quietly .
great toy for the strong or chewing dog who squishes every tennis ball you have owned . last ages , fits a ball sling shot
didn't produce much heat , perfect for small betta tanks to keep water temp slightly above ambient room temperature .
my dog loves these and their just a quick treat when he's been good and deserves a treat other than dog biscuits like when he gets his nails trimmed .
scoop would break in no time . too thin for scooping through heavy scoopable litter . i ordered an additional heavy duty scoop .
nice to be able to buy your dog food online when your not feeling well to go to the pet food store .
a perfect replacement for the cat play pen shelves . washable and hold up to the cats and wash . we have extras to swap out periodically .
i like all if the bella bowls.the depth is perfect & they don't slid.total i have purchased 15 bowls .
wet noses dog treats are the best dog treats available mass-market . the ingredients are the best and my pup loves them !
this is now my cats favorite treat . he comes in the kitchen every morning to wait for me to get him his morning snack .
this is the cutest little doggie toy ! he is bright with different textures and a squeaker . my puppy lives this !
i'm very impressed with this product ... it looks really healthy and my parakeet loves it . i will be buying more !
seems to bring the cat to the box more often , but only slowed down our problems with older cat spraying throughout the house , did not stop them .
great carbon in perfect size nylon bags they do there jobs perfectly i couldn't ask for a better product t hagen for your love of clean health fish tanks .
they love it ! ! ! my cats are loving this trixie murcia cat tree . thank you so much . i would recommend this to any cat owner .
i break up dog cookie and put in here and she will play a long time trying to access cookie . great toy
my cats love this feather toy . eventually the feathers fell off though , but it took quite a while before that happened .
i like that i can carry the bags in my pocket and retrieve them easily to pick up after my dog
this is a great collar to use instead of the chain choker.your dog will be safe and in your control without choking . this product is also well made .
my rabbit does not eat the grass , but she likes to run through this for playing . it is well constructed
working fine . we have lost our cats recently and will no longer use it . will attempt to give to a deserving cat owner .
it's much larger than expected ... the perfect size for storing dog food . it's lightweight and the print is cute . can't really beat it for the price .
great product . the vetri liver bisquits have helped keep my dog's liver function well , which his blood tests confirm . always great fast service .
should have had this from day one . puppy was rebellious at first but now accept this as his second home .
i love this snake . my dog has little interest in this toy unless it is moving . i'm pretty sure i bought this snake because i wanted it .
use as directed to keep your pets shedding to a minimum plus it makes their fur so soft you won't believe you are petting the same dog .
it's a good product does what it say's it'll do with lots of test much better the the strip tests
good size pig ears . my dogs did like them . they don't last long with big dogs . gone in sixty seconds . price went up recently too .
great product with sturdy constructions . 70lb shepard loves being off the concrete and it's large enough for her to lounge on those hot days .
these worked super for training , small and plenty to do training with . my puppy loved them . i think these have been some of my puppies favorites .
novipet omega 3 and 6 supplement for dogs seems to do the trick . the dog thinks it's a treat , and her skin and coat do look better .
this is great ! i would recommend this to everyone ! it's wonderful to have the mailman deliver in peace and quiet . just hope it last ...
my very large great dane has arthritis and he loves his new bed . great quality , well constructed.and excellent customer service .
works well to keep my dog from scratching my seats or covering them in hair . it is easy to wash and is well made .
the chinchillas love chewing on this ball . its chewed apart in no time and gives them something to do and not be bored .
i have bought two ezydog items and i am totally happy , one can see the good quality and the effort they put on their products .
this is the stupidest toy ever . it probably costs all of 3 cents to make . and my cats are totally addicted to it . go figure !
this is a precise and easy to use cat nail clipper . it's perhaps not for those with large fingers though .
this is perfect for the dog park or a hike . it is very convinient for travel . it is a very practical purchase .
excellent product for almost instant itch relieve for dogs with allergy problems or just a temporary hot spot itch of some sort .
my 4 cats loved this toy so much i had to buy another can of stinkies . i also bought the rainbow toy made by ducky world products ,
i have a healthy dog and want to keep her that way . living out in the country , ticks can be a problem . this product works great !
i have a cat sanctuary and we go through toys quickly . this lasted a bit .
this came very highly recommended ... followed instructions but had to reapply a few times ... did not work a well as we hoped .
good sturdy chain just like a military dog chain and it will work well for another cross i bought that the chain broke .
dogs will go bonkers over these . just watch that they don't eat it down small and swallow the whole thing .
excellent product . easy to put food in it - about 3 cups and my puppy enjoyed playing with it . this one is a keeper .
i crumble the tablets with a fork and add to my cats food . she doesn't seem to notice ...
my cat does not like this food . i put it in his dish and never touched it . i gave the cat food away . so so product .
if you are a " dog " person ~ buy this now ! i can't wait until christmas . my 90 pound lab puppy will be so festive :)
is not an elaborate test kit , though gets the job done . i've seen a few shops use this also . .
my cats play with this for hours on end every night . they never get sick of it . what a great toy !
at least my cats will eat their food with this gel in it , but i couldn't tell if it helped with their herpes virus ...
my red eared sliders love this treat . it arrived quickly and exactly as promised . this is a good vendor and i will order products from them again .
i love this this . our new puppy is teething and this keeps him from chewing everything in our house . he now only sticks to his toys .
but not worth the money and very hard to put together .. not as easy as the instrutions say . petco has a better one
excellent product . this is a sturdy flea comb for your pets . i would highly recommend it .
it use the zuke's treats for training my dogs . they love the chicken and salmon flavors and can't get enough of them !
great aquarium salt . i use it for my betta every water change , and he thrives in his aquarium . highly recommended
no recalls that i know of , and my dog loves it . guess that makes the zuke's a five star treat .
it lasts for a long time ... both cats seem fine with it . i like being able to get it in the mail .
all i can say that this filter last long and works great for my pets and the price is right !
good for playing fetch , but they are smaller than i expected , but that is really just a matter of perception as the description is correct .
this brush fits comfortably in my hand and let's me get down to the dog's skin for a good cleaning ,
this is a good quality mat , the construction is tough - i have a chewer ! it doe snot provide much support , though .
it is perfect for keeping your dog close and it's cute ! gotta have cute ;) says i need six more words , so here !
yes , you have to buy in volume , but the cost per can is soooooo much cheaper than any grocery or pet store !
i love this leash . it is great material , strong , and well assembled . i think i am now hooked on biothane leashes .
kinda stink . the chill out ones smell better . you dont know until you try them . good for other dogs it seems .
good product . recommend this product . is as described in the picture . i would buy . i was happy with it . excellent . my fish love it
this stuff is excellent if your dog has an upset stomach . calming and works fast .
my kitten eats these right away , but she doesn't go crazy over them . also a very small package for the money .
our puppy loves it . took him while to figure it out but from time to time he just goes at it .
zukes is the only treat my dog loves , but he is not fond of the beta blend . so , it has to be 3 stars .
it is a 2 piece container on wheels . convenient and solid . my only complaint is the latches are too easy to pop .
keeps my yorkies looking good for a week . very soft and smells good too ! i use this and yorkie splash and shine .
good for my dogs coat and i put it on my dogs food every day , also they like the salmon oil very much
this is by far the softest pet bed ! our cats love it and it is far better quality that what i have found in the typical pet stores .
these are smaller than i had expected . i call them the " swizzle sticks " when referring to them . i won't be buying them again .
exact replacements for apimaster test kits . as the test tubes are glass , as some point you will need more :)
she likes all of them but she likes her squeeky baby best ... i just picked out several new ones for her ...
not the quality expected . my dogs hated it , though they used to love merrick dog foods . i think this company's products have gone downhill .
excellent chew for my large dog . happy that it comes from the usa . i would not give anything to my dog from china
my mainecoon cat loves it ! i mix a spoon of it with dry food and she cleans the plate to the last crumble .
i bought three of these for my giant breed dog and they work great ! they are lightweight but absorb a lot . they wash wonderfully too .
perfect for birds that like to peck / chew a lot - a quality bargin entertaining toy - . non toxic - easy to place in cages -
keeps the pads healthy and tough . works on my feet too ! try it , you'll love it ! i'm glad i did ...
works so well way better than regular brushes and at a great price to thank you
this product doesn't seem to calm kitty as much as the spray does . she still meows constantly at night .
these treats are loved by my two small dogs.they clean there teeth very well and are economical due too the fact there are fifty to a bag ! ! !
my senior cats don't like this toy , however , i'm sure kittens would go crazy for it . i guess , as humans , their interests changes .
this is exactly what i was looking for ! i'm not sure there is much more that can be said about or expected from it .
sharp and works great for my 3 month old welsh terrier , easy for me to use and seems very durable and handle is confortable .
can't really say much for flakes but my angel fish seem to love this stuff .
i bought these to expand our crittertrail system , and they're great . wish there was another " t " tube , that one is really useful .
i bought this for my goldendoodle . it works to detangle , but you need quite a bit of it . i might need to get a separate conditioner .
i bought this for use with my rabbit and an greatly pleased there is no dust like with other litters and less expensive than other non-clay products
must be great tasting cause my foster puppies love these , the edible ones were gone within minutes but the chews are still around .
this senior pate helps keep the weight down and is easily digestable . they like it but prefer chunky or chewy wet cat food .
purchased for a overactive border collie who is now thinking of trying out for a pro football team
these collars are great . i have 7 dogs and i use collars all the time . for medium and small dogs you can not beat them.great product !
small size for training treats makes them effective during the training sessions . puppy loves the peanut butter flavor . good buy .
good purchase for my fluval systems . pads keep waste down and water crystal clear . recommendations for replacement pads if you have this filter system .
we switched to totw from a higher priced similar quality brand popular in big chain pet stores and our dogs have done well on this food !
perfect to carry my 10 lb chihuahua pomeranian on my chest or back while i'm biking . it stays in place and holds the dog comfortably , great quality .
i have two dogs one is cockapoo another is shiba inu . those peals gave both my dogs terrible diarrhea . i would not recommend it .
it's very cheaply made , so far kitty has ignored it . if he gives it much attention it won't hold up .
these treats are ok . our dog has better choices , but they do fit the kong toys that our dog loves !
i am a professional pet trainer and this collar that releases a dog appeasing pheremone is totally effective in calmining down the most troublesome of dogs .
these work well and did what i was told they would do . produces a good amount of aerated water.nice item ...
i think they are great for hamsters and ok for dwarf hamsters which i did not plan to ( did ) get .
this is a great spray to have on hand in between baths . my dog doesn't need baths very often and this helps freshen him up in between .
its given him hours of fun and keeps him busy trying to get the peanut butter or treat out of it .
our cats love these mats . they spend more time on these mats than in the heated beds . they were a great investment in our cat's comfort .
she gets one every night as her bedtime treat and looks forward to that with great excitement . definitely noticed an improvement in her teeth cleanliness and breath !
to heck with me , the dogs love the supersized bear toy . good thing i bought two , the dogs would be fighting over one . buy it
i use a band saw to cut these into 3 pieces , since they are thicker they last longer and i think cheaper than the standard 6 inch versions .
i found them to be much too brittle . i was afraid she'd swallow one of the sharp pieces that she was breaking off .
love these , work great under pee-pee pads , under crates , on furniture to protect it . i have several of them , they are easily washed .
little dogs have dental problems so i hope to get a jump on dental problem i use this product to save on dental bills
the best cat brush ever . helps with shedding and my cat goes wild when i take it out of the drawer .
my current feline must be very picky because every other cat i ever owned absolutely loved this toy . she hardly pays attention to it ...
certainly helped slow down my golden retriever from gulping food . one minute to three minutes.highly recommended for any dog that eats fast .
my dogs love these marosnacks . , they are small and soft for them . , they just love them . , i will order again .
works very well ; husband just hoses it off every time he changes the litter . with 3 indoor cats we still have to use conventional litter boxes too .
good but expensive ! cats seem to like it , it's always a good sign when they don't turn there nose up at it !
tangles up and cramps so i am always trying to get it straight and untangle like a ball of yarn . too thin to keep its shape
these are nice bags . they do a good job for my 50 pound dog and have enough room for a tie-off .
i bought this for my rotties and they love it ! i like the large size and they like the texture . great toy for big dogs !
fairly thin and lightweight , but has held up well . holds quite a bit of water . is dishwasher save . no-skid bottom works well .
i bought as a present for my daughters 4lb chihuahua fit perfect . also , well made and good quality . nice bright colors .
our dog prefers just a wee pad laid out on the floor or on top of a floor mat . she didn't like this holder .
works as advertised.large enough to cover the side of my large litter pan . now if i could just get my cat to stop chewing on it , lol .
i believe it is calming my cats just added a new cat so i'm going to order more as you have the best prices
the very best toy for a dog that really chews , like my 58 lb yellow lab . kong toys are the best ! it is indestructible !
kittens love it ! they eat it right up and climb up my legs for more ! luckily they can't open the cans themselves !
the medium was way too big for my slightly over 5 pound chihuahua . this small size fits perfectly . the harness is also well-made and very cute .
it came in just a few days . all product and information was available as described . tests are seem to be accurate . i'll buy again .
my little morkie loves her need toy ! she got it for christmas and plays with it a lot . perfect for a little dog like her ( 4lbs )
i had several dogs ( fostering ) and i don't have a fence , so this did the job . stays in and out the house
batteries go a long way in this thing . gives a good strong light . cats spend hours chasing it and climbing anything to get to it .
my dog loves this food . it is a good quality food with the ingredients dogs need to stay healthy . no grain .
my cat had an allergic reaction to the food . caused him to sneeze a lot . wouldn't recommend this item if your cat has allergies .
i was having an issue with one of my rats kicking the litter of the pan . i bought this and now the cage stays much cleaner !
it was better quality than i expected . my little chihuahua lilman loves the softness , and the thickness , great color too .
comes with 3 links . fits the medium . won't fit the small . tricky to put in . took about a fortnight coastal pet products .
the back legs are too long and slip below the knee , constricting movement so my poor dog couldn't go up and down the stairs .
this container is awesome it's larger size is perfect for quarantining or transferring fish from tank to tank . the plastic used isn't flimsy it's a nice solid container .
not sure about the value worth . only one in the pkg . debating about just inserting a dryer sheet in the spot ...
this product saves you time and it also looks good in the fish tank . almost looks like a real moss ball
i got 2 cat we put them in this for the night its large and rolls if needed . we got this fast shipping ty
easy to assemble , great function , looks like a furniture . i use one as a gate and another as border for the dog's potty corner .
not like the jigsaw or star puzzle ... just doesn't pay it much mind ... leaves the treats in it and goes back to the other two .
my dogs love sweet potato fries ( other brands ) and pure backed sweet potatoes , but wouldn't touch these . just gave them away to the shelter
my pup loves it . i have a pink crate and the combination of the two are a perfect match.she enjoys sleeping in her little home .
my bunny loves this ! she is very busily and happily working on chewing her way from one end to the other.bunn fun !
great product for dog's teeth , and they love the flavor . they look forward to getting these everyday to take on their dog bed to chew !
i have large dogs and two of them just love those . amazingly they do last a long time . its still in one piece ...
this is my 2nd cat tree from this company and both are large sturdy and well put together ! i have been very impressed and so are my cats
my puggle thinks this is a toy and has not responded to it . something more durable would have been more effective .
love this cat tree my cat loves this cat tree and my husband loved the price of this cat tree everybody wins !
this is a good merchandise . very easy to use . it comes with instruction and is very good price for this size .
this mat makes a perfect under rug / mat to keep the loose litter confinedto one area and easy to clean up .
he's about 13 pounds and thinks they are a real treat ! since rr is a dog lover , i was pretty sure they would be a hit .
i have a very picky persian with digestive issues . this seems to be the answer to one old cat's diet . would highly recommend .
needed to swap out filters in my stock filter.bought these and got two spares to throw into stock or latter change out "
i use this leash everyday most days twice . works great , the lock button seems to be good as i lock and unlock a few times each walk .
duke is afraid to use the ladder as it is a bit unstable . however , he does enjoy chewing the steps off .
i just loved it , and so did angus , our boxer puppy . unfortunately , it didn't last one day . adorable , but gone ! destroyed .
my bunny loves to run through , lay in , nibble and scratch this . i recommend it as a house and toy .
my dogs ( labradors ) seemed to like them and they haven't had any stomach upset from them . they seem like they are pretty easy to chew .
it was fun for my kittens for maybe 30 minutes to an hour before it stopped squeaking and they lost interest .
my cat loves these flavors . the price is right and it ships quickly . he is a very picky boy so i get what he likes .
unfortunately , the minute i took off the cap , my cat , took one whiff , looked at me very spooked , and ran away .
this is a good product with great price . i received the treat and was very pleased with the product and package .
huge can of fish food . it's fish food . the fish eat it . what more do you need to know ? :)
i got two of these for my night walks . they are super bright and work great ! about 4 ' long is a good length for my schnauzers .
great stuff ... who knows if it really works cause i cant ask my dog . dogs seem to enjoy it.price is adequate.always ships well packaged and no damage
i zip-tied these and they still managed to fall off . the only one that stays on is the small one i use for my pug .
my dogs like these because they are soft . my dogs are getting older and don't care much for the crunchy kind any more .
dogs got diarrhea everytime i gave them one of these , threw them out , will not try them again , sorry for the dogs .
my cats love this . full of cat nip . and the catnip in it my cats cannot resist . must buy for any cat owners .
this was a great product and an awesome price . i was able to purchase two for the price i paid for one at our local vet clinic .
thought i would give this brand a try but it does not work at all . turns drippy . the puppies and dogs hate it !
my rabbits love this stuff . it comes bagged and in a cardboard box , so it is easy to store and keep fresh .
great treat for my grown dog as well as my puppy . both love it and are at full attentionwhen they hear the bag .
does it's job perfectly fine on the side of the tank , still holding up after two months or so . great price , too .
this is a very stable cat scratcher and my big boy kitty ( 16 pounds ) fits in it quite nicely . it is very soft and snuggly .
great for training treats and for use in dog puzzles ! ! my dog loves these ! ! great value ! ! i will buy these again ! !
my sister rescued a grayhound and wiggles just loves this food and the loving new owners she has . win win
this is the best stuff i ever used for my chinchilla cages , takes a lote of work cleaning 6 cages but this it perfect .
my dog loves them but they only last about 30 minutes with my chihuahua mix . only reason that i took off points is the material is weak .
cat is not fond of this . ingredient list is good and it smells good ( lol ) but she's just not eating this .
malfunctioned , correction shock turned on by itself and would not stop . good thing i was with my poor dog when it happened .
made very well . my dogs love it . i purchased the smaller size and it is perfect for tug or fetch .
i don't use this for the entire cat box , but it makes a great base for the bottom so the box doesn't stink up the whole house .
i have two goldendoodles . they smell so good when i bathe them in this , it makes me want to use it myself :)
clumps very well and is the best unscented on the market . in a multi cat house i need the best working litter i can get .
right off the bat my puppy liked this toy . she loves all her toys that squeak . it seems to be durable . thank you ,
my dog likes these.this kind is their favorite treat one problem is the bag cost to much nd i got 7 pieces in the bag , shipping is to high
i really thought this would work by the litter box but it did nothing for it . would not order again !
ok for price.my med-size dog had it apart in 30 minutes.completly unstuffed in 1 day
its a wonderful product the first 2 ingrediances are lamb and samon so no bi rpoduks or " meat meal " she loves them .
i like this solution , very effective in cleaning of pets ears , both dogs and cats , and it is highly recommended
if she was writing this she would tell you that these are one of her daily favorites .. all my dogs have loved them
of course , my dog wouldn't listen to me , and " extreme ' came to the job and follow the instructions on bottle .
bayer advantix ii does so much more than just keep your babies flea and tick free . this is the only product i use !
this is seriously his favorite toy ! i'm very pleased ;) he chews on it and swings on it . almost ignores all his other toys
my dog loves these treats and will rollover and over for them . since they're dried i can carry them in my jacket pocket .
i buy these by the case because my dobermans love them . they are their after supper dessert . and they let me know they want them .
these are quick , they give a great baseline . if you notice this is off i would immediately test with a master test kit .
my dogs love these busy bones . they don't make a big mess either . most of the rawhide bones make messes .
my bunny doesn't like this hay cubes :( she actually may play with it sometime , but it's too messy to be a just toy .
neither of my cats will eat this food . they don't like the chunks and only eat the gravy . probably individual to cats .
this product is perfect for finding urine spray from cats . i was able to find the urine and clean it up right away .
i would not recommend this since my own cat ignores it . my feline is very choosy and prefers balls with sparkley hairs .
6 month old golden pup loves all of the fruitables treats , not just the pumpkin and banana . these treats are cost-effective and nutritious .
i recently purchased this set for my yorkie-poo . i was very impressed by the great construction and quality of these bowls . well worth the price !
my dogs love these liver treats . i even sprinkle them crushed over the dog food they are not crazy about and they eat it .
this keeps our french bulldog puppy occupied and he likes to chew on it . he usually will only chew it when we hold it though .
easy to fill.well balanced but small opening will need to use a long handle sponge to clean meaning dish kitchen sponge with handle .
fun to chase and chew . my puppy really likes this and prefers chasing it to a regular ball . it was his " go-to " toy while teething .
my ferrets love this ! i need to keep it in tupperware just to keep them from trying to open the bottle ..
great little treat . i even sprinkle some in the cat feeder so he gets little treats during feedings . cats love it .
my puppy loves his pet bed , this is a great item for toy and small breeds . it is also very easy to clean .
they are nice for my doxies and they crave them every night , gets kind of expensive though , bags should have more in them for the price .
a great treat along with the actual stuff'n snacks and it never gets old since our puppy still gets excited each time we fill the kong .
my dog is obsessed with mint-flavored everything ! he loved these and enjoyed the heck out of them . will buy again !
pretty standard clicker in a nice quality enclosure . has worked great with clicker training and the package even comes with some basics to get you started .
have used this one for some time and find it a quality blade . i would recommend it to the novice and the professional groomer .
the newest member of our family loves these catnip fish and i love the clever packaging . it's a win-win . > ^ .. ^ <
this works really well to control odor , and it's easy to clean up as it clumps really well . xx xx
simple , my ferrets love it . they play , use , sleep in this product all the time . holds up well being washed often .
very brightly colored but seems to be more of a chew toy than a bridge . i will replace it when it's close to being gone .
we bought this for a christmas present for a dog friend and haven't heard any bad reviews from the dog we bought it for .
have a small strong dog who likes to jerk my 87 yr old mom around . this helps control his hyper personality
our dog has medium-long fur and this thing is like a magnet . i can sit and brush him all day long and this thing keeps finding loose fur !
our puppy's favorite toy ! i have sewed it back together a few times but totally worth it . would recommend to others ...
this was exactly what i wanted . i am using it with the petego walky dog and its just the right amount of extension .
my cat loves these dental chews . it's been a month and she's still happily gnawing on them and batting them around .
these treats smell great and i can feel good about giving them to my dog since they are made with all natural ingredients .
my cats seem to enjoy the laser pointer than this toy , but that could be my boys . other cats may vary .
my older cats love it too . it has good ingredients as most merrick food have . i recommend this food for all cats .
they really love these beefy bites-i put it on top of the pate to make it easier for them to eat and they really go for it .
my dogs take these every morning the love them been on them couple years now they now just where they are & are eager to hacve them
these chews work well and are much easier than trying to get the dog to eat pills . well worth the money .
dog is not interested in it at all . even when full of her favorite treats ; she always prefers her kong .
so far with this toy the dog has not been able to chew it up . i believe the round design and thickness of the toy is the key .
great for its price . it does it's job . i have bought it once before and on second box . would buy again .
purchased these before and my baby girl just loves them and they really do the job . clears up the doggie breathe quickly . very pleased with this product .
i'm a dog groomer and this is the best nail trimmer out there . has plenty of power and is fairly quiet . love it !
these work wonders for getting our dog to take his medication . i put the pills inside and smear a dab of peanut butter to hold the pills inside .
i use this night light on colder nights to help keep our turtle tank warm and it serves its purpose .
i am new to fish tanks , i bought this to start testing my new tank , very easy to use ! i will continue to use weekly .
this blade is a very nice blade for a winter cut ... i love the ease of changing the detachable blades . much better than having to have multiple clippers
we have to have this in the summer ... it got here very quickly . i always get the largest size and divide it between my dogs
my cats love these treats & i'm giving them lysine in a portable form . great ! recommended by my vet for cats with herpes
i like these , but they are a little awkward when it comes to replacing food and water . i will continue to use these . thankyou
this thermometer works very well and is easy to read . arrived in good condition and i haven't had any problems with it
the see through design and rollers , and the large size make this item very handy - no more storing food bags and treats in empty cat litter containers .
all of my animals love this . they try to all be on it at once . it was great comfort for , my 18 year old cat !
they ate them but i did not notice any difference in their shedding . i think as a treat it is fine but did not solve my problem .
i'd buy again .. but not to often . they love it , but smelling that in the morning is horrid :d
works well . no problems . works are advertised . shipment was on time . i would recommend this product . no complaints here . bye
every other day keeps the reds redder and plants overall do much better . love the company , use all their products for plants fertz and healthy water .
stood up to our very powerful chewer and kept him entertained for many hours . worth every penny .
best cat tree for the money , well made , great material on it , not a rough carpet but a softer stuff . really like this one
oh my boys just love this product . wish the cans were larger and wish they had the low calorie in this chicken flavor .
already wrote a review for same collar , different color . impossible to open .
great price - works really wonderful for our 11 year old bichon frise , murphy . he just needed a little help and this was it !
my dogs love these and by being able to order them online at this value price we always have them on hand .
my dog loves these and looks forward to her daily half stick . i feel it helps keep her 6 teeth clean .
got this for 2 kittens and it works well . the latches are a little finicky but the top loading feature is the best . sturdy , nice kennel .
my 13 year old toy fox terrier is a picky eater , and loves this food . the grain free formula has helped his occasional vomiting .
very effective and easy to use with this fountain . i highly recommend purchasing extras - keeping the filter clean is no longer an issue .
our lab was not impressed but that does not mean it isn't a fun toy . she just carried it around for awhile then left it lay .
we purchased this for our large breed dog for a christmas present and he really , really likes it . thank you .
i don't understand how anyone could give this piece of junk a good review . don't waste your hard earned money !
my emerald cory catfish likes these very much . a little goes a long way and they always finish every crumb of these wafers .
my puppy had this torn and party eaten after one day . we had to throw it away so he didn't eat it . not very good quality
they were ineffective for accidents and my puppy was able to get them off very quickly . i haven't used them since .
we have a husky and a medium sized mutt . this works great for them . now i don't have two leashes tangling me up .
my dog really loves these , and i think they really help keep plaque off his teeth . i have to order them in bulk !
my dog loves these in his bento ball . keeps him busy doing something when i need him occupied . they last a long time .
i am satisfied with these poop bags , they are strong and i love the different colors to choose from , i love purple .
it's a piece of living room furniture . the cats love it . they all love to sharpen their claws in there .
my eddie went nuts for this toy , he loves the shape and catnip inside . i think he'll be playing with it for a long time .
this rope holds up very well . our pup does like to try to pull out the strings from the frayed end , though .
chopped into small squares , this is a great high value reward for training . my german shepherd loves it and performs better when this is her reward .
this thing is really good sized , works great and give your best friend plenty of room to handle her business .
our little minature dachshund fits perfectly in this . he seems quite comfortable . it is made very well and will last a long time .
arrived quickly , works perfectly . can't ask for anything more . i recommend to anyone whose fountain is still in working order , but has a dying motor .
my dogs don't like the way the bristles feel on their skin . i have brush them very slowly and carefully with this stiff bristled brush .
not nuts over the item . strange fit and fabrication but must say that this is a first class seller all the way.they take care of you remarkably !
this did not work foes me my bird is still plucking and has not stop so i wouldn't be buying this again
these feel sturdy and well made . i don't put them in the dishwasher though because i don't want them to shrink or get deformed .
love how flexible it is and the blue color is a definite improvement . will be using this product from now on .
well made / excellent product . reviews were on the mark . just what i was looking for ; right size for face and finishing .
my dog went through 2 balls in less than a week . the first lost it's cover and the second lost the squeaker .
my dog ate through this in 1 day . its only 11 lbs . it is rather idiotic about chewing on things , but seriously , one day ?
this fits in just about any size aquarium or bowl and is easy to read . i bought several and will use them always .
not greasy , cleans extremely well , highly recommend this product . i use it once weekly for cleaning and preventing ear problems , highly recommend .
the cats stay busy with these and run , hide , pounce and bat these a lot during the day ! they give it a high 5 ! :)
i resisited giving greenies for years , i used these . great results . the dogs and the vet loved the results . really a good buy .
the title says it all . what a mess ! black hands just unpacking the box . marineland could use a plastic bag inside the box .
my cats make less of a mess on the floor around their litter boxes with these pellets , but i wish that thebreeze made a covered litter box design .
my dog loves these and can go through one every couple of weeks as he is an aggressive chewer ! we always keep them on hand .
well made and a great price . unfortunately the cat isn't impressed . you cat may love it .
it's just ok . not sure if i like the rubber part of it . i think i would like to have another one that came with my table .
these were purchased for two litter mates . the kittens and now yearlings still enjoy playing with them . they have worn well .
top is a little bit too floppy . my minpin is a burrower normally , but he had a hard time getting into it .
my family loves these . they're great for picking up after your pooch and super convenient . i only wish i had gotten them on auto-refill !
this collar does nothing to calm any one of my dogs . it's a nice green color around their necks . that's about it .
got this for my 33 year old yellow nap .. she didn't like to walk on it but did like destroying it . took her a few weeks
just after trying to screw the parts together the particle board didn't hold had to try and fix it using epoxy still weak .
i bought this to go along with the leash and have been very happy with it . so far it is holding up well and only needed cleaning .
i have 5 labs . giving them their meds is a snap . wrap the pill in the doh and go . done !
great chew and bouncy toy . favorite of my cats . they love carrying this thing all around the house and chewing and slapping it around .
this is a great cleaner for when the cats and dogs have an accident . easy clean up and no odor left behind .
i assume these contain heroin , as my dogs go nuts for them . they smell good to me , but certainly haven't tried them .
perfect seal for keeping pet food fresh . it holds the 10lb bag just fine with no issues . the seal is air tight and clips closed .
my cats love this . looks like a bird flying and even the fat cats get off there butt to play with it . :-)
my dogs love this food . although it's quite pricey , at least i can recognize what they're actually eating . would recommend this food .
my life just got significantly easier . my dog also learn that here is where he is going if he doesn't behave which is good . ,
this is ok but would not purchase again it works and good quality just not for us . may work well for someone else .
i try to do anything i can to hide litter boxes . this cover is sturdy and makes a nice table in my bathroom .
my dog absolutely loves these things and i love when she wants to eat treats that are good for her hygiene .
my dog loves to squeak his toys , these make him very happy . these hold up the best . my dog loves these .
cats seems to have the most fun with these . there are multiple toys so they go from one to the other . i would recommend .
great product . i use this product when changing water and entering new livestock in my saltwater tank . ok ok ok
great kit . comes with great instructions and plenty of supplies . the supplies come with enough for more testing than you'll likely every do .
it is a well made product with no issues in that aspect but i just think it's too hard for my puppy and not flavored to keep him interested
the reflective tape peels off after a couple weeks . otherwise well made . the snap is strong and the fabric does not tear or fray .
unfortunately i was hoping the treats would help control my cats hairball issues , but he won't even try them at all .
this is double the size of the ones we normally get at petco.works to keep our jrt from licking his paws too much.good value and it works .
my dog lives for this treat . the only type she really really loves ! this is a repeat order and i am sure there will be many more .
my baby girl , a 93lb yellow lab , highly recommends beggin strips ! she's a very picky eater and snacker , but does enjoy these .
it's a good product , but it's too small to be effective . a lot of litter still gets tracked around my house .
great for supplements and dogs that are finicky all dogs love peanutbutter and this is a great size highly recommended
wonderful jacket wonderful color , nice idea reversible . most measure length of dogs , helps for correct size . easy to put on
it works great but seems to work a bit better on my short haired dog and much cheaper than vet flea tabs . i will continue to buy
i tossed my littermaid when this arrived . i use crystal litter and it's just perfect , my cats give it the seal of approval .
it's fun for the dog , except it was broken within 2 days . not very durableand i have a tiny dog
my dog grabs her leash in her mouth . this leash did not hold up to that . i had to toss it after a month .
exellent product . just wish they gave you 2 more of the cushions for the other 2 perches . easy to put up !
got this to hold a pet fountain and keep my floors dry . works perfect and being clear , it isn't too noticeable .
my fish love this food and are thriving on it , recommend the save and subscribe as they eat a lot of this
it cleans up fresh cat urine good but it doesn't seem remove older urine odor . it definitely a good cleaning product though .
very happy with theses refills . they are easy to use and last quite a while . my biggest beef is that they aren't biodegradable .
when plugged in my cat seemed worse - more timid and scared . did not help like i had hoped .
the only thing i would like is if the shaft was stronger . if i am lifting something heavy , it feels like it might bend .
this is a very good toy . it keeps my cat busy for hours . i laugh my head off at him . he attacks from every direction .
gabby girl will play with these if i can keep them moving long enough , she doesn't initiate playing with them on her own though
this product was priced very reasonably . for pet owners that need to give their pets pills , these pockets can't be beat .
my german sheppard who weighs 180lb and is huge fits on this with plenty of space . its low profile so we can hide it under bed .
exactly as advertised . puppy no longer pulls and doesn't shriek or choke himself - which is what would happen on a pinch or chain !
our dogs absolutely love these snacks . they smell soooo good , too ! our dogs always choose this treat first when offered a choice .
easy way to get cat food and assorted . came in secure box and will continue to order this way . beats carry cans from the supermarket .
nicely made cage . perfect to house all types of cats , kittens even my ferals after their surgery . sturdy and easy to put together .
it takes about 3 days for my puppy to break these down and he loves them without getting sick which is important .
we used this food for a number of years and my cats enjoyed it and helped them to loose the few extra ozs they were holding onto .
really like it , easy to put on . fits up to a thin miniature poodle .
was expecting more with the high price but my dog barely touched this , and when he did eat it he would have food allergies
vet-recommended for cat and dog anxiety . has stopped the cats from peeing in unwanted locations and the dog from total hysteria during thunderstorms . try this ! ! !
my cats enjoyed this freeze dried chicken . i used them as healthy treats .
i have two of these and they are great for paring up males in one and females in the other .
already have a large one for the big dog , so it was only fitting to get a smaller one for the smaller dog . they enjoy their kongs !
i have a high pee'er and this size solves the problem easily ! easy to get in and out but keeps the floor dry - yeah !
the temperature in my tank stays consistent and my fish are happy . instillation was easy and it functions perfectly . excellent product .
sometimes when i'm alone , i bask naked in the light . it makes me dwell warm and naughty . i am single too . wink
this a great treat for birds , especially if you put it in your foraging toys . all of my birds love them !
i didn't even know these existed . my dog is a service dog , but does not need to be certified as he is for depression .
this toy keeps my two little boys so entertained . the squirrels are very small and they do come apart very easily - but they love them .
this has been working great for the dog and we've only been using the beep and vibrate . he goes bonkers during vibrate and stops what he's doing immediately .
wonderful for medication administration . dogs love them . that is what really counts .. they like them , so they get their meds .
it works 80 % of the time , but that's enough to make the cat scared of it . good purchase . cat hates it .
must purchase this amazing item to go with the grooming arm ! the two together are perfect grooming tools for us diy , save $ $ $ people !
molly , amber and daisy give it three paws up . super cute tin . the furry ones love them , which means i love them too !
this is a great pet door . we just bought a new one since we bought a larger dog , the second flap does help with insulation .
wonderful product delivered quickly . dogs love the taste and makes pills so easy to administer . fresh , soft and tasty ! dogs love them ! ! !
held up to chewing and constant play ! easy to throw to play fetch with . the pup loves to chase and chew on this !
i've been using this product forever , just with different size dogs . i have never ever ever had a single flew on my dog while using this product .
i use these for around my dog's eyes and trimming the face and feet . they are really great . i think they are the best
only a dog owner understands what it's like to pick up with a bag that's too small . these are large and make life simple .
the truth is that this harness does prevent the doggie from pulling . now i can walk my two westies without dislocating my shoulders .
my cat loves to use this to nap in and also to scratch . it's entertainment and comfort at a great price !
my house rabbit loved these i just found it a bit of a pain to clean up , but bottom line is she likes them .
these are very easy to replace and / or rinse . i would recommend these and have used for about 2 years now .
seems to work better than the granulated type i can buy locally and much cheaper . bag also has ziplock closure for easy storage and keeping it dry .
my cats love these treats and coming running when they hear the bag . nothing extraordinary about them , but the cats enjoy .
this is the best brand i know . my cat is 13 and loves i . it is small-bite size . i would recommend trying it .
our kitten plays with it for hours , keeps him busy , the only problem is it's too light and my main coon knocks it across the room .
seems doing a great job for my salt water tank , and my lr seems love it . will buy more later for water exchange ...
i received this for my small bird as a gift and my little one just loves it ! i would purchase again when she tears it up ! ! tammyjo
my pit hasn't been able to tear this one up . he's a pit who loves messing up toys . highly recommended .
my sweet guinea pigs love this soft bed to lay in . it can be easily washed and dried . simple to keep up .
arrived very quickley , i should be able to put as many or as little words as i please i should not be told to add more
i use this under the aspen chips i use in my guinea pigs cage . it helps absorb wetness that leaks through the aspen chips . works well .
this is great . it fits on the side of the litter tray and is not laying around . great idea for my pets .
my cats love this ( especially since i added the cover ) and so do i . no more litter odor . yeah ! ! !
for some reason , my cat loves these ! he plays fetch ... for hours ! he wont do that with any of his other toys ... !
very good price for these which my little yorkie goes crazy for every night . his wagging tail is a five-star review .
the bowl is great but the rectangle washer in the back is pretty flimsy . after a couple of uses it became loose . won't buy this again .
i didn't notice any improvement in my dogs teeth . i used as instructed but saw no difference in either dog .
price is right , works great . probably going to cost more in replacement batteries then a new unit . cat goes nuts for it .
my dog didn't destroy it but lost interest in it and doesn't play with it for any period of time .
my dog enjoys this toy and loves pulling out the treat in the middle , it's not quite as much fun without it , but still good
these are exactly as advertised . they fit well and do an amazing job . they're hard to find locally so finding them here was great .
such a good deal for this many puff balls for this price ! cats love them ! and they get lost so easily so good thing you get 30 !
they like it . it's is a good value and a great stimulator for them . be sure to buy the refills for it .
was a hit for a short time , now sits in a corner and they don't play with it at all .
what can a person say about air stones ? they work , they make nice small bubbles , and my fish are happy .
with the solid construction and multiple modes you can set the flasher too i really like it though you pay for it .
i'm using the default settings for feeding time and amounts and the settings seem to be working fine . nice appliance .
my kitty loves this . he loves to lay down and stop the ball by pushing it back . its a great toy for cats .
i rescue cats and i have tried other brands but this bowl is the one i keep going back to .
our 50 lb . lab mix loves to chew on this . she's a pretty heavy chewer and it has held up pretty good .
i have had this brand before . they seem to last at least a couple of years but i only use them in colder weather
this ring bone is perfect for small dogs , but the smell is horrible . my puppy loved the size , but he did not play with it often .
i bought this millet for my parakeets and cockatiels . the problem is that it is very dry and all the seeds are are falling off the sprigs .
my plants are growing crazy . i wasn't sure if this would be any good so i only purchased 10 tablets but i can definitely purchase more now .
it smells like mouthwash . i add a 1/4 tsp to my dogs water bowl and that last him all day .
this is my puppy's favorite toy . the packaging was labeled fragile but this dog toy certainly is not . it has held up to some rough playing .
looks great , easy set up , dog doesn't chew on it . it keeps my lab in comfortably just right . it's her little hideaway
my cat loved this and ate it up so fast . i have to watch them because they don't know when to slow down .
waht can i say . it is well worth the money and is as advertised.please note if you have a hard time priming it try reading the instructions .
i saw the same comb at a pet's store for twice the price . i love it and saved me some $ $ $ at amazon .
the cats seem to love it and that is the most important thing - it does no good if it just sits in the dish .
awesome toy ! stuffingless and my pit bull chews up everything but this toy has seemed to withstand the times of his chewing
my little terrier loves this toy ... throws it and chases it around and chews on it ... a new favorite toy for an 8 pound dog !
terrible item . not only did it stop working but our puppy took off one of the rubber pieces . not safe at all
i use it to treat my cat while groming or cleaning . it is helpfull too relax it . it should be more on prime
great bounce , great squeak , and my border looooooovvvvveesssss them . we have many around the house and these are her favorite !
my dog loves these ! i rip them in half to make them stretch a bit longer . the quality is high
i guess this works even though i haven't seen or felt a flea around any other dog either . can't criticize ; but afraid to heartily recommend .
this works real good for my long haired cat . really having a problem this summer with all the hot weather .
very very durable item . my dog loves this and can't tear it up . she will just chew and chew on it .
great product , have used it for years on my dogs . convenient size pads , great sealed container that doesn't take up a lot of shelf space .
my dog doesn't have any fleas - she's a small dog but the upgrade to the 11-20 pound size made a significant difference ! yay .
this is grain free and the cats like it . i prefer the smaller cans since the food stays fresher and is more appealing to the felines that way .
good size fo fiting saller dishes inside of cups , also a good size water dish , disher washer cleand and changeable
actually really cute until my dogs decided they wanted to shred it ! but they shred everything .. haven't found anything that can with stand them yet !
my puppy just loves these , he just attacks these when he gets themhas essential vitamins and other nutrients your growing puppy needs
to cute love them so did all the people we visit at nursing home ' s.my dog sierra is a therapy dog .
our kitten loves the grass for nagging , playing and whatever ... works properly and seeds were always growing in about week to a useable " grass fountain " .
have 2 indoor cats that battle fleas . i usually have to flip back and forth between flea meds to battle them completely .
i love that this product has two doors . we use it when we travel for our destination . it is a product that i would recommend !
imagine giving your dog a kitchen sponge as a toy . this was a ridiculous concept for a dog toy . whoever thought this up never owned a dog .
the nutramax cosequin ds plus msn is wonderful . saved my two papillons , with luxating patellas , from pain and surgery . i highly recommend it .
they lick the juice but wont touch the chunks , maybe they are too big , but they dont seem to like this .
sophie is as picky as most cats . she eats the food eagerly on some days and other days she says no thanks /
i love this . it would be great for its intended use but i am using it as a trash can . this way bugs can't get in .
i've got a 16 lb shih tzu-poodle mix with sensitive , scratchy skin . he steps right into this harness and it doesn't seem to irritate his skin .
i use this and my babies are all fat , shiney and dont have any problem giving it to them great product
my labrador retriever is one year old and this hat is too small for him ! other than that quality is fine . shame the size is not right .
these had a weird texture and lacked flavor . my dogs would not even eat them , so i gave them to a rescue ... maybe they will ?
strong chewers rip this apart almost instantly . good for small dogs or light chewers only . i have a labrador retreiver .
fast shipping and a great product . i love the fact that it actually works and is waterproof and it does ticks as well great and a perfect buy .
it is what it is and does what it does and what more can i say . plus the dispenser is cute .
these are great training & reinforcement treats . my dogs love them and they are a good bargain . highly recommend them !
seems like okay product , maybe other people's cats like it but ours didn't . our cat doesn't care the dried fish snacks .
i have been looking for a metal scoop , i think i have spent more money on plastic scoops that end up breaking
stick with the kong wubba made of canvas much stronger . this was ripped up in less then an hour by my weim .
my dogs and i absolutely love these ultra balls . my pups tend to break tennis balls with-in one playtime use and these last much much longer for them .
works great ... keeps my cats contained as they get to be outdoors , well made , durable and very easy to use ! ! !
my puppy loves this toy ! she has chewed the tail almost down to nothing ! so far safe and nothing has come off or loose .
i am just pleased that i can get a good value and that the product comes promptly . my cat is happy !
you cannot return the stayaway motion activated products . i purchase 12 and 4 do not work . money thrown away .
is to easy to breakdown and set up as needed . i bought the crate as i had to restrict mahem's movement so his leg to heal .
unfortunately my chinchillas does not want eat those honey strawberry flavored treats .. :( i have a whole bag left with those ..
for a store bought product , this is not a bad choice , my cat seems to like it , at least for now ... lol thanks .
pretty much a cat toy . wouldn't recommend for a pup . but thanks for quick service mad product is as advertised
my kitties are so happy to have new cardboard to scratch on ! put some catnip in it and we were entertained watching them be silly and happy .
great for nail trimming on both cats and dogs . very clean cuts and easy to use by one person . would buy again .
a perfect replacement collar strap for the sd - 425 collar .. this is a very light blue color . can be cut down .
great item . dog loves them ! does the job well.nice transaction and great seller . i would recommend this item to anyone who needs one of these .
good product , give this to my elder dog and i can see a big difference in his health . i used to get this product at my vet office
cheaper than what you find in the stores and has handed multiple , and i mean multiple , hot heavy cycle washes .
minimalistic ... just perfect for the pioneer ss fountain ... easy to slip in and out of the holder . i will purchase more . thanks .
we have this for our house cat and she could care less what we water her in . she just prefers to not drink all of the dog drool .
keeps my water crystal clear ( rinse before inserting ) into the filter . great price for a 6 pack saves money and a trip to the store
love all the molly and friends tree houses , my cats go crazy jumping from one to another . they are sturdy and nice looking too .
this product has relieved my aging burmese for years . i don't know how it works , but the ingredients seem to cause her relief from any urinary issues .
my german shepherd loved this toy and had a blast playing with it . however , he was able to destroy it the next day .
this comb works pretty much like the more expensive furminator ... glad i bought it ! !
my dog loves this stick ! it's huge for her and should last quite awhile . these are her favorite chew toys .
my vet recommended this product . the dogs really enjoy chewing on them . great for their teeth . i do recommend them .
~ my cats , or furkids love playing with this well made toy .. they like to use it as a pillow too .. good product .
we have a tiger salamander and he is very sensitive to additives in the tap water . this takes out the chlorine .
my dog loves them . it is a way better value than milk bones as their is hundreds of these snacks inside .
my dogs love these and the pig skin is easier on their systems than the bleached rawhide . i would get these again - the price is really good .
i use this for my horse when he is shedding in the spring . better than a curry comb by far .
my baby guinea pigs love their pellets . no complaints here . package came on time and not damaged . i recommend to anyone with young guinea's .
these bags were very difficult to open and we were really disappointed . i like that they are biodegradable but i will not be purchasing this product again .
this one is a great little treat but unless you have a chihuahua , do not expect it to last very long .
this is a very nice leash , solid and smooth . i've had many over the years and the soft rubber grip on these feel nice .
have been using this for years on my lab . it works ! ! amazon has the best price . i live in northern wisconsin where ticks are prevalent .
good for smaller breeds . my dalmatian had the squeaker out in no time but the smaller dogs have a blast with this toy !
my dogs love these but they do have a smell . it's great to give to the dogs and have them go outside for while .
i bought it to heat the water in the chicken water trough . i have not had a chance to use it yet .
one of my dogs favorite treats . we put them in this little treat ball that she likes to chase . highly recommended .
my dogs go crazy for these pig ears and they are the ones that give this product a five star rating !
we have a couple labradors . these are great for larger dogs ... i haven't purchased any other poo-bag brands for a couple years now ..
these worked about the same as advantage . didn't keep the fleas away , but we're not totally infested . i'm still on the hunt .
this was a great investment as it gives us an idea of what these men and women go through . the lack of medical treatment they need and deserve
never got to really use it on the cat . she squirmed , and it got on the wrong area .
this works well when i need something compact and portable , now something i would use daily too easy for puppy to chew through the sides
what's more to say ? it seems like a natural and good quality treat , so why feed him the junk when he loves the good stuff :)
my little goldfish love these . using it in my lily ponds for the little guys who feed on mosquito larvae . they love this as a special treat .
my dog just loved this item . it fun for my dog and people too . come out with more favors , but awesome produv
does not work down south . having to use revolution . if you live in a area with flea problem would not recommend .
i put a pump of this on my dogs dry food to help with their heart , joints , skin . they appear to love the taste .
this helps eliminate pet breath and keep it smelling fresh . simply put in your pet's water and your pet does the rest !
my dog has been chewing on this since christmas day . she is very happy with it and the price for this huge bone is well worth it .
both of my indoor cats and the five outside cats enjoy this dish . both dishes are empty by in no time at all .
you can use it as safety item . you can break easily your dog teeth or the head of someone , no this it's as concrete
my lab loves to play with toys . but she is a strong chewer so toys dont last long . this toy has lasted , and she loves it !
does a great job on my big dog's thick nails ! thank you for a good product that does not break when used .
good size to grab small roots and hold them down . no floating particles and should stay where i want it ..
i don't think that this really works for my dog . my dog still poops & pees in the same places even after spraying this stuff all over .
it didn't last long , but i didn't expect it to . my parrot had fun with it though , and that's the reason i purchased it .
it does what it needs to do . we use it on our yorkie-poo's to pull their ear hairs to help prevent wax build-up .
did not interest my dog for any length of time so i forwarded it to another dog person before it got chewed up by my pup .
my dog loves these . big and floppy ! very soft . good price . seems to be holding up . well packaged . arrived quickly .
i wasn't sure this would fit my kennel due to the brand difference , but i had no issues with it . easy fix to a broken kennel floor .
these have a decent price and last about 3 months . big dogs are power chewers and these do hold up !
holds about 16 lbs . of any kind of food or seed . different colored lids show what kind is in which container . just right .
my cats really liked these toys and are still playing with them even tho ' christmas is over ! can't go wrong !
not much to say , i'd say that the way it smells , it's either a hit or a miss with any dog .
the dogs walk away from them after just smelling them .. it doesn't even smell like real meat . i am disappointed .
our dogs , especially our puppies , love these treats . it's nice that they are made with real chicken . would buy again .
he wasn't thrilled with the ball in the turbo chaser , but when i pulled it out he went nuts ! he loves batting it around the living room .
this is a very well built collapsible dog crate . it folds for storage or travel and unfolds very easily . the washable cover is very nice .
i love this product ; wish i had known about it a long time ago ! i would recommend to all water turtle owners .
i really love this mat it is very big and saves me from a huge mess of litter getting in my rugs !
my dog is obsessed with these . she loves them . they leave her breath smelling good to but not overpowering smell .
i have the bubbles and stars . good sturdy stable quality bowls . easy to use access and clean . fits well in my cat playpen .
these are less expensive than greenies and still have the vohc approval seal . my dog , frankie , and i love them !
it's ok , but with multi-cat house just was not sure if it worked .
i've always trusted and liked the supper pet band . the we're a great price . it's seems like they would be durable . i can't wait to use .
these work really well . they are better than other puppy pads i have tried . they are good sized and are very absorbent .
love this product . we have been using it for many years . it works great on food and blood stains on laundry too . good price .
my puppy loves this toy , but it didn't take long for her to chew it up . finally had to throw it away .
nice extra space for a pet to play in and explore . my pets love climbing in here for some quiet time .
there was no way my dog could hold his head up with the medium ... it was sent back and i will pick up one at a local pet store
love these new kits ... very easy to use ... love the titrator kits .. even people who swore by salifert kits are now recommending these ..
this is great my dog loves it . helps to train as well as a reward . nice size easy to carry on trips .
you'll need these for your filter . make sure you change this as advised to keep your tank at it's cleanest .
this was perfect for hanging leashes , collars , tie-outs and harnesses on . i have two dogs and this held all of their walking equipment .
this bark collar works well . the added bonus is that you can adjust the settings and press a button to turn it on and off .
looks cool - works well . i wouldn't say it does anything special that a standard leash wouldn't ... but it does the job and looks great !
love the design ! my 2month old collie puppy looks tres chic when on a walk ! very nice quality for sure !
i only feed my pup grain free . dogs do not digest grains and having a small dog these are empty calories .
my dogs love these , but they eat one up way too fast . i think maybe a harder material that is slower to chew through would be beter .
this is my puppy favorite chew toy . good quality product , made in usa , not some piece of junk . she loves it brings it to bed .
works great ! easy to use and doesn't hurt the kitten . now my sliced legs and arms are beginning to heal .
great toy to leave with the puppy during the day or play tug-o-war . very well made , it will last a while .
my dog loves this kong disk . its a good blend of being flexible but durable , and my golden really prefers the softer , flexible rubber toys .
use nutrafin turtle clean biological habitat cleaner to help maintain turtles cleanenvironment ! very important product to use ! wish a larger size was available forpurchase ?
doggie cookies . she loves them . she barks for them but i have to limit them or that is all she'd eat
my service dog puppy is really satisfied and happy with this food in his life
my mastiff had the handle chewed off in just a few short hours . this is not for dogs with massive jaws .
has adjustable openings to dispense the food or treats and is easy to find and easy to open . most of my cats will use this one .
the cats go wild for this brand - - more so than any other . you must go by the cat's reaction . that says it all !
works great on my medium sized dog . she has very coarse hair and it worked great . good quality . thanks !
we are very pleased with this crate . it is very well made and the price was great ! it is the perfect crate for our french bulldoy :)
my pitbull had this torn apart in about 5 minutes and just left the pieces lay on the floor . not for aggressive chewers !
i use this in conjunction with the zoo med turtle tuff splashproof halogen lamp 50 watts . it clamps on the side of the tank and works great .
my super finicky cat adores all of these flavors , won't eat much food in general , small cat , but loves these !
my dog ( boxer ) loved this toy , but she was able to remove the legs and stuffing on the 1st day
looks like a steel tire rim but the moment i hooked it up , the two cats and the puppy were drinking from it !
i have schnauzers , and put it on their breads ! it smells wonderful , and takes away the brown stains from saliva .
i only just applied it , so watch this space . the dog so far seems to have tolerated it well with no adverse reaction .
my younger dog's favorite . too hard for my older dog who is losing his teeth .
i thought this product would be soft . my charli had a hard time eating i had to break it up before i gave it to her .
because i have a crystal clear tank full of healthy tropical fish ! this is one of those items that is part of a system where everything contributes .
an amazing brush ! i've actually wondered if it is possible to remove too much hair with this thing ! perfect for labs .
i've bought these before and my cat is kind of picky , but loves these things ! plus , they are great for their teeth and breath
cats like better than halo which is 3x more expensive . ill continue to purchase this product until they get bored
my cat loves these to the point of opening the cabinet and helping herself . these are her favorite fetching toy .
my cats love the track , but since i put the illuminated ball in it wow they never stop ... catit is awesome
actual product is smaller than it portrayed and it slips when using it . handle is no use , you just have to hold it .
my one dog doesn't mind having her nails ground until the sound starts to get on her ( and my nerves . )
i have a picky cat and he loves these flavors of fancy feast . also its so wonderful with subscribe and save not having to worry about running out .
it's great litter that does what it needs to and both my cats like it . i can't ask for more than that .
works great . chi's got used to very quicky . the unit built well to keep out the cold air and keep in the heat .
stainless steel is a must for my dog because he's allergic to plastic , and this bowl is perfect ! non-skid works great !
it's ok . i find it a little cumbersome to use . i prefer my smaller syringe and my feeding tongues though .
my italian greyhound just loves these ! don't know what it is about them , but she loves them . great , great , and great .
my dog liked these , but for training i'll just stick with string cheese . these were so tiny and didn't hold her interest .
don't waste your money on other brands . this product is top notch , does not leak nor fall apart . puppies & dogs use it .
my kittens got all the nutrients they needed from this little can . way better than all the other crap out there .
my cat summer wants this all day long ! he waits patiently for me to put about 1/4 can full in his dish 4 times a day .
nice different toy for our dog to play with and think she will also be able toplay with it in the water during the summer
i bought this one because i couldnt find the b b chew rack of ribs which is their favorite , but this one seems to be pretty popular !
but i'm not the one eating it , and my dogs like it , so it's alright , i guess . the price is better than our local grocer .
these are not good for my strong jawed dog . he chews them up and then has digestive problems . i won't buy again .
our dog love it . he's a pretty strong chewer but has never ripped off a piece . i would get the larger size for dogs over 30lbs .
it's a complete waste of money . it doesn't clean at all on glass . it barely cleans on my acrylic tank .
my dobe / great danes loves theses . soft enough for them to squish but they do not tear them up . great fetch ball .
sophie does not eat this food , therefore i would say that she does not like it . she likes the dry taste of the wild food .
use them to shave a small dog . they do a good job of that no problems and quieter than most .
i'm using two of these to monitor temperatures in our sand boa's enclosure . i've checked the temps against my ir temp gun and they're perfect .
my chi always knows when it's time to get his greenie . it doesn't last very long tho , but i resist giving him more than once a day .
works great on all three of our cats . thank you and have a happy day ! god bless you , and take care
purchased 2 containers , love it and would recommend the item to friends or anyone that needs a pet food container . price was fair .
i give my kids gerbils one each every morning and they love them . i will be buying more of these .
all my cats love this food , at last i found a healthy product that they will all eat .
what can i say . itty bitty doggies love these itty bitty cookies . mine line up & present paws when they hear the bag rattle .
i am very happy with this mat it saves my floor from being dosed with the water from the fountain
great hedgehog plush toy for pup - - small but great for pup - economical as well / has stood up well to wild pup !
my finicky dog will only eat beneful tubs with meat & veggies . the other two however , like the pro plan . two out of three isn't bad .
i noticed absolutely no difference using this diffuser . my nervous kitty is still as freaky as ever . he's not any worse but not any better either .
i inherited a rena canister and the intake was missing.this came as described , fit perfectly , fair price . no complaints .
they fit my aquaclear 50 . it's a snug fit , but they fit . great for extending the intake tube as far down as possible .
how i wish they made triple strollers so i could put all three of my bichons in their own ... they all want to ride and fight over this !
seems pretty durable but neither of my dogs have been interested in it unless there's something inside or i'm throwing it .
i have 2 feral cats that winter over in my shed . this bowl has worked very well for them . i would gladly buy this bowl again .
not sure if this product can completely bypass new tank syndrome , but definitely takes the edge off adding new fishes by increasing the beneficial bacteria level
my puppy loved playing with this . however , little by little the entire thing was destroyed . i'm glad there were three squirrels .
i have no complaints about this product . it is what you see and buy . it has been good and reliable for me .
this product gave both of my dogs diarrhea and vomiting . i had to take the dogs to the vet . beware not safe .
the pine smell and ease of clean up makes this the best cat litter i've ever used my cat likes it too !
these are great cat toys . nice jingle to them . good size . drives my cat crazy with fun . overall good purchase .
my princess needs this . she's getting older and can't catch the fieldmice without her cosequine
the squeakies were small but did the job . made it easier to work with them . overall , great product . i'd buy again .
i start my animals on deduquin at about 3 years of age to prevent damage . i have not had any problems with the product .
my plants are growing rapidly in just a week.my java moss are perling.follow the directions and you have lovely plants .
i had two of these litter boxes and needed another one . great for litter kicking kitties and entrance is low enough for kittens to use .
my cat loves this and she happy to be in it , but doesn't like the vet , which i doth think many cats do ... lol
says my 22yr.old in home cat.he always wants more . to eat ata a meal .. recommended it to familywell made , must be very tasty .
it was too small and did not collect the litter the way it stated . i would not recommend buying it .
our rottie loves this antler and it seems to take quite a while for him to finish it ! better than rawhide !
we use this to store organic whole grains for use in our flour mill . it keeps the grains well , and keeps out unwanted moisture .
the cracking is fun for the dogs once they get used to it . the open design also makes it easy for puppies to get hold of it .
cleans ear well , however , trying to squirt it in a 55lb 7 month old puppy's ear is quite a hand full .
they squeek and are the perfect size for a medium sized dog . well made and perfect for when a regular sized tennis ball is too big .
this is a great toy that my dogs enjoy playing with . the bonus is that it has so many limbs for them to play tug of war with .
i adopted an orphan kitty between 2 and 3 weeks . i wanted to use this in conjunction with wet food to make his transition healthier .
this cat carrier is light weight and easy to carry , it is small enough to comfort the cat for whatever length of time it is used .
its a replacement flap , its identical to the one it replaced . happy with this product . now i'm just taking up room for the review .
my dog looks adorable in this , the hood is not of much use but he stays nice and dry otherwise . he's a lab and about 110 pounds .
have two fluval tanks . this combo pack is great as it is recommended that you change the filters three times to every one foam filter .
it is my go to right next to sheba . my felines always appreciate the pop of these cans and the flavors of the brand .
i can not rate this item personally but my cats love them . we play a game of catch with them at night .
my dog's dry eye improved after using this product according to her opthamologist . good product for the price . will order more in the future .
i send this to a cat rescue so a variety pack is very nice and helpful to cats that need love and care
the ball has a nice feel for the dog , but a chewer will bite through the squeaker in short order .
all of my younger dogs love this food and it has the best usa ingredients . they've been eating it for years !
im glad i can buy this and get it shipped right to my house . the value of this product is well worth it
we bought a designer litter box that looks like a bench but hiding inside is a litter box . this litter pan fit perfectly . so happy !
absolutely the perfect gift at a puppy shower - new puppy will get a lot of fun out of it
does not help the breath even with teeth cleaning . and it is slimey and floats in the bowl and smells bad .
this works great for the bottom of a kennel . it makes for easy clean up and washes easily in the washer machine .
no instructions , falls all the time . cats love it - as long as it doesn't fall off
way strong magnet . cleans well . easy to make it around corners . floats if detached . my 125 gallon glass is no factor in the magnets performance
my picky dogs are not crazy about the ruff texture withch picks up dirt leaves and you know what off my list
i used this item and combined it with the little city dogs chicken flavored flea killer capsules for cats . worked very well .
love this - nice that it has a door and you can configure the shape to what you need . love the color too .
i use this leash all the time for my little dachshund . it works well and i'm still using it . i like the skinny width and long length .
the kitty litter spray is perfect for multiple cat households and the zero odor itself is great for houses with smokers .
i only use half a dose on my smallest dog and the flea control lasts and lasts . i like that it controls ticks and mosquitos , too .
my dog loves it ! she begs for it every night . and the price at amazon beats the store and just about every other place .
durable and tough for cats that do the serious poops . easy to clean.amazon has a word count . what else can you say about a poop scooper
there are super cute , but my dog doesn't like them and they are hard to get on his little head .
i have not met a cat who does not like crispies . the chicken flavor is their favorite , but they have never turned any of them down .
my small dog just loves this stuffed toy . she chews on everything in her path and has not destroyed it yet . surprised me .
this is a very nice heater . its all reflective so it blends right in . very sleek design . and does the job !
my cats just love this brand of cat food . i love it because it does not have the same bad smell of most canned cat food .
this is too big for my small tank but is made well and would be great for big reptiles but not for small hermits
i am very pleased with this product my dogs are happy everytime i give it to them so i will buy more great buy
great quality - easy to put together . the divider works well to isolate the puppy from the rest of the kennel area .
i could not tempt my chi to eat this . it s getti g so expensive to fi d a good quality food , that he will enjoy eating !
my vet recommended these treats . they do not contain any soy , wheat , corn , or white potato.my dog ranger loves them . enough said .
don't bother . this leaves a horrible mess and hay all over the ground . a lot of hay goes to waste .
this leash is good for training my dog to not run out the door and also to stay when i walk away .
drinkwell fountain premium replacement filter 3 pack are fantastic , they keep my boys drink well fountain clean and clear . i change every week .
good mat for kitties . glad to see more colors as i really like these mats . funky cool design ... stays in place . good buy !
it'll keep the cockatoo busy for a while . fairly well made . you need to use a pair of pliers to tighten the knots when you receive it .
came with parts broken and is very flimsy . the spring loaded hinges were not aligned and cracked . we returned and didn't bother to try again .
my dog just loves this ball . just the right size . i can even stuff little treats inside for her to roll around and get out .
my dogs always know when a can is opened . they love the food and it helps with keeping their skin moisturized and coat shiny .
a good ball that i don't have to worry that my straffordshire terrier mix will not chew up or swallow . a safe ball for him to play with .
perfect training treat for our lab . he loves them and they are tiny so i don't worry about over feeding him .
my puppy came with the tear stains which is why he was able to leave the puppy mill . this product really works .
they don't do the job , it doesn't leave my dogs with god mouth smell . they don't chew them just ate them .
just a ball to chew on - and he does . bunnies love grass chew things - a good price for my sweet bun .
the cats seem to like them and i guess they serve the purpose well . they need to be split in half for the cats to eat them
i needed an extra set of hands . once installed it worked well to be able to move a large crate .
i don't know for sure if these vitamins are helping my dog , but she loves the taste . would recommend for dogs who are finnicky .
this is very potent and fresh ; my cats absolutely love it . much higher quality than non-organic catnip , and the tin helps keep it fresh .
it got artificial color and the price is high . i found a better option in my neighbor walmart store ... will see how it goes ...
this product is high-end and my cat loves it . the price can't be matched . i will continue to purchase this cat food from this website .
my cat would not eat it , so i traded with my daughter's cat food , purina one salmon w / brown rice . my cat eats that .
it was not that difficult for my fast eating cat to use this feeder , but it did slow her down a little bit .
our dogs really like these treats . they are made in usa which was the main reason we bought them . on the second bag and will order more .
and if i plan for the subscribe and save to be 15 % it actually saves me a couple of bucks and it comes to my door .
a very cute t shirt and fits great . i have a hard time buying clothes for my lab and it fits perfect .
i love that it's grain free , and we have never experienced skin or stomach issues with our cat since switching to halo grain-free hearty chicken .
my lab mix plays with these and loves them . they hold up really well to the constant playing and i would recommend these for any dog owner .
my rabbit used this as a bed and a snack . he loved it and it lasted a month before he completely ate it !
did not work at all . it was sent all the way from a pet store in england . i used it three times then threw it away .
this holds my 25lb bag of cat food . the lid does not close air tight , but i believe it is good enough !
my puppy loves this toy . very durable for my mega chewer . looks really weird , but keeps him busy . great for dogs that chew a lot .
both my cats instantly started using this ! and my older cat has decided it makes the perfect place to sleep !
my puppy loves these ! he loves them so much that they are reserved entirely for when he potties outside . :)
we have to reorder these often . our cat loves these and loses them quite often and the dogs also tear them up .
it arrived on time ... just in time for flea season and it always works . i have several cats so i buy the larger size and divide it .
my bird loves this bell , she tries to take out the ringer , i would purchase again ( a gift for my bird )
my cat loves these scratchers and really goes to town on them , so thank goodness they are reasonably priced . i foresee many more purchases of this product .
i am really looking forward to receive this merchandise . when i open the box , one of the clip is missing . what a bummer .
didn't last that long . although there are 16 squeakers my dogs were able to kill it pretty fast . wish it was a bit stronger ,
makes taking meds a happy occasion my dogs love the flavor . i recommend these so do my dogs . something greenies does right
we search high and low to get this and always have it on hand . it smells great and lasts for a long time .
this thing was perfect for my travels with my puppy . perfectly sized for portability and very practical , as well . love it !
i use this shampoo on my six year old maltese . it keeps his coat soft and he smells really good ! !
this is a great toy . my dog plays with it daily and it seems to last longer than i thought it would . good investment .
we have several older dogs with arthritic issues . they all find these very tasty and the increased mobility they experience is easy to see .
this is an easy alternative to always having to feed raw . i take it on trips and feed each morning .
very durable item and even came with replacement speakers . skittles loves it and is still playing with it a month after she got it .
my cats love these things . remember to renew the catnip occasionally . they are safe toys , which are hard to find sometimes .
colorful stick out in yard strong priced right cleans in dishwasher color stays puppy loves them .. beach toys for dogs
very small for a medium thought it would be larger the sizes run small soif you want a medium order large
i have been using the rings for years and they work great , i change about a quarter of the rings every time i change the filter .
its great . it hands to cage so my puppy wont spill it over and it gives her more floor space .
my dogs love this product . when i sprinkle on their meals , my dogs think it is the best meal that they ever taste .
i needed clippers to trim hair from the bottom of my briard's paws . these clippers just don't get it done with one pass .
this stuff seriously works , knocks the fleas down so fast . use it in combo with a monthly topical and you'll get rid of the fleas .
not lasting for my dog but he had a toy and that made him happy . i would not buy it again .
the blue ball is still intact but the " bone " part is all chewed to pieces . it did last a while though .
i have to stop and pull the hair out of the comb after brushing my short haired cat for less than 30 seconds .
this stainless steel water / food bowl is easily mounted to the kennel enabling the animals to eat or drink at will .
it's holding up very well to sharp jack russell puppy teeth . love that it bounces all over the place when it is thrown .
my dog had this chewed up in a few minutes . i wouldn't recommend it to anyone who has a dog who is a determined chewer .
have been giving dgp for a couple of weeks . it seems to be doing and helping my dog's condition of spondylosis .
this is a great price for this product , even cheaper than at my local pet store . these filters work well , and are already assembled .
the seed gets stuck way too easy regardless of what size seed i use . it's a beautiful object , but just doesn't do the job i want .
my english bulldog ended up an ear infection after i used this requiring a vet visit and prescription ear drops .
great price and my cats get excited as soon as they see this in my hands , its a plain and simple laser pointer and works great
i can't say enough about this product . my dog's coat is so shiny . it's in excellent condition . she is also getting all her nutrients .
what a fun costume for by cockapoo ! my pet is 11lbs , the medium fit her perfectly and is made well .
small but i think it will work with my 10 lb . cat who loves to go in and out by himself .
i have purchased this before and will do so again if i need to for my dogs . works quickly all the tme .
keeps phosphates at bay . helps keep water nice and clear . i highly recommend this item for those using canister filters .
my puppy plays with it sometimes , especially if he is frustrated . it is very durable and makes a crinkly sound .
i love this brand , i have the food feeder , the water fountain , the grass grower and this and they are all excellent products !
my dog loves this food . he's healthy and active and im glad i found this for him to enjoy . i will use this brand for life .
my cats love these treats . it's their absolute favorite and they will even pretend that they love me in order to get more of these treats .
hate to be deceived . shows 10 pound box for $ 5.99- when you go to external site the 10 pund box is $ 18.99.not nice !
this product works in our house . it doesn't take much and of course , it is easy to use . caution , don't forget to use every day !
my cats love it , they gobble it right up . i will purchae this again . i wish it cam in more flavors
unfortunately the ball they're supposed to go in is a cheap rubber ball that any dog will rip apart , rendering overpriced treats pretty much worthless .
we have always battled tartar with our greyhound . this product helps slow the build up . i would recommend this product .
they do the job but i wish they would last longer than they do ... i can only get about a week out of one .
would be nice if covering and squawker lasted longer . dog loves this toy but absolutely destroys it in no time . needs to be tougher .
i bought these for my dogs and they went through them way to quickly . not really worth ordering for them
this brush works wonders on my siberian husky . brushing has never been so easy before i purchased this brush for my dog .
i get these to maintain my dogs ' teeth after cleaning , and to give them prior to therapy dog visits to have sweet , fresh breath .
loves this toy . kicks , bites , rolls and chases after it . good quality . he has great fun with it and is good for his teeth .
the dogs like them but it was a little hard for the chihuahua mixed to eat them . the boston terrier had no problems with them .
i love and recommend all purina one smart blend cat foods . they are made with the highest quality and healthiest blends of product's .
they are easy to connect to the lines and have blocked water from getting to the pump without any dripping .
he wouldn't eat them . what can i say ? i liked the concept of trying to help him maintain his smile , but ...
excellent ideal put to everyday use . this is genius , and very efficient . used exclusively for little genie cat litter disposal system.very easy to install .
great for helping keep my dogs eyes clean . they seem to be safe to use daily . no problems .
this the best system for cat litter disposal i have found . no oder and cleanup is easy with no mess .
my dogs love these tasty little treats . they are the perfect size for even my chihuahua's . they don't leave small bits when they're done with them
the fountain works perfectly and filters must be replaced from time to time . these filters fit perfectly and are simple to replace .
daisy my 10 yr old cat seems to like this product so i will continue to buy it for her .
healthy , tasty treats for your dogs , mine love them . i used to feed greenies , but i feel these are better for the dogs .
this is so easy to incorporate into my enclosure and moving it about is a breeze . my cat uses it without issue .
my dogs would not eat this . looks terrible and feels like rubber . my dog likes sweet potato but not this . don't buy it .
these little boots are so cute on . my puppies never got used to walking in them . i will use them next winter or when it rains ...
my puppy has a lot of energy and this helps him to get rid of that energy . he really enjoys playing with it .
this scooper has weak springs , barely scoops--leaves a lot of waste behind . too gross to return . would not recommend.completely overpriced .
my dog had this destroyed on first use and she isn't usually that ruff on stuff , but there is exposed stichingwasted my money
my kitties love lounging , playing and scratching on this scratcher . it is helping save my furniture . a must for any cat owner .
not our dogs most popular toy ... but that changes on a daily basis . i haven't seen them play with it much .
this is an awesome little rubber toy . we've had it since our dog was a puppy , and now he's a year old . it's still going strong !
really cleans well and leaves my dog's breath fresh . easy to use . great value ... better than i found at pet smart !
my cat loves these , but the tails to fall off / get eaten . would give 5 stars if the tails weren't so flimsy .
our dogs like these . they seem to help their teeth and breath . they are really expensive locally . double the cost . so love this ! !
my dog loves these she is usualy always out side all the time playing with them . i am happy with them i buy them every time i can
my dogs love these dental sticks . they get one after their evening meal , so their teeth are clean till morning .
had to get two so that they wouldn't fight over it ! don't know why some are saying it is flimsy !
i just started using and believe my dog is benefiting from them . i was told by vet to give for colitis ( pancreatitis issues ) with my dog .
these work great in my animals ' water bowl . better than paying full price at the pet store ! authentic brand item !
my puppy likes this toy but she doesn't love it . she loses interest in it pretty fast and i wouldn't get it again or recommend it .
i buy this grain free food for my cats because it's not overpriced and it's also a good grain free food for them . plus , they like it .
one of the best or maybe the best pet carriers made for small pets such as cats and small dogs . they come in different sizes .
what can i say . my dog plays with this all the time . thats good enough for me .
if it were truly a miracle , i would spray this and my cat would disappear . this stuff works about as well and as hard as my cat ...
i use this on all my salt water tanks and cleans it up real nice love it and wouldn't use another product
didn't work at all . absolutely wasted money ! didn't work on any of the dogs or any visitor dog . don't waste your money !
good idea ! creating this bowl with small compartments . my dexter who usually rushes through his meals now swallows before he goes on to the next mouth full .
no complaints ... the api salt water test kit works like it should . wish i got more for the cost , but they work good . ,
texture helps keep hold of when playing . rolls easy for them to follow . not easily for them to get grip to destroy .
she won't eat without this on her food and we had to throw another brand away as she would not touch her food with it on it .
i have a 65 lb boxer and it has lasted , cute noise , would get another product from this line of toys . would recommend it
i bought these for my dogs . they destroy things in seconds . these didn't hold up . good for gentle dogs , but not for my monsters .
doggie loves them . he gets one a day . brother gets one every once in a while if he's a good boy too .
the table was adequate , i had more problems with the littermaid product . nice storage area underneath and nice finish to the outside .
my dog has a sensitive stomach so finding supplements that can help him without giving him stomach upset is wonderful . missing link is a great supplement .
love this comb and so does my kitten . need to buy another , just in case i lose this one . lol
it is a dirty business , but these bags make it look a bit more cheerful . i like this product . glad i bought it .
great quality brand , great taste according to dog . fast shipping , what more could you want ? doggies need their omega's too !
i have tried many nail clippers for my dog and this is the only one i have found that works well .
i have golden retrievers.they loved this product for about a week.they were able to break it and it ruined.not durable enough for my dogs .
i fee em to my buddy clyde . it doesn't plug him up and he really likes em . good dog treats .
this was purchased for a cat rescue group . i have been told that the cats loved it and always had clean plates .
my cat really loves it . it doesn't feel all that hot to the touch , but if you put your hand underneath it , it will be warm .
not going to write an essay about a dog leash , but it is pretty in purple , strong and seems to be durable . highly recommended .
use for recurrent yeast infections in dogs ear works well and great value compaired to vets price
my cat loves these treats ! she can be a little picky but seems to love these treats.best part is that the treats help keep her teeth clean !
great litter mat ! while it doesn't prevent all litter tracking , it helps quite a bit . the mat is attractive and matches almost any decor .
this is the only brand that my bunny likes to eat , and i love that it's for young rabbits . :) he goes crazy for it !
this was my puppies favorite first toy ! she loved all the string pieces with knots . this toy can also be soaked in water and frozen for teething .
dog liked he balls and they lasted about as long as expected . all in all just what expected and now gone .
the holder was great after i got the right size . need to put better measurements on web site . my little guy likes going to his tray .
perfect for under the water bowl for the messy water drinker dog i have . good size for the medium to large size dog .
a little flimsy when connecting 2 sets together for doggie pen for bichon's ... but will keep both pups safe with room to poo & pee .
great food feed everything from danios and guppies to gold fish and karp topping 6 inch great sold food for the price
this is my favorite bedding so far . it is highly compacted so can be an effort to fluff it up but i like the fact that it's very soft
this is my second order of these treats . my dog loves them , and i think they are good for her .
battery works great . so sadly does my dog . the dog figured out that they could bark long enough and eventually mane the battery dead .
cool free 5 hr drink i put in ice box i never anything worm bs bird bath cool it be time yet if crows blue jay drinks from it
after we found a few ants by the dog's bowl , we ordered this . has worked perfectly . no more crumbs or water on the floor !
our cat prefers a different brand of urinary health food . this product had a different smell to me and i guess taste to the cat .
bought for the smallest of my three dogs , this has became a favorite of all the dogs and even my granddaughter !
i bought this for my cats and within 1 hour they had the catnip out and the toy was drenched so i threw it out .
this is a very nice toy , my bird loves it and loves picking the little things off the ends . will order this one again !
very poor quality . bone sharred very easy , both knuckle ends were off in less than an hour . i threw it away in just a few hours .
she chewed it for a couple of minutes and has not returned to it ... i still would recommend this brand but not this item
this isn't a favorite , but it's good for variety in their diet . my girls like the pate foods . so this is right up their alley .
if you like the product , then you should buy this for refill purposes . you really get a good value per ounce .
this is the too funny , the girls sleep with it every nite and the tune get in my head . all my friends aand family love it .
this is great shampoo and smells really well . gets rid of fleas fast . this is a must for pet baths .
i have senior dogs and i put my two blind dosg in it it is a wonderful item only problem i cant find a pet bed for the flooring .
it's perfect for my heeler puppy ( 13 lb ) . the bowls come out so you can wash them separately . sturdy and looks nice .
so far it has held up to my mighty puppy , other kong toys bit the dust . so this is a good one .
combined with seachem bag filter , my tank has been much more stable and therefore easier to clean , not as worried about crashing the nitro-cycle .
the prongs of the comb are just too short for a dog for full use . okay for aroud the paws and ears .
i only have dwarf dogs ... bassets and dachsies . i start them all on glyco flex at 6 months and they are on it for life .
great product and service as usual ... my boxer , moses , loves these ! ! i will continue ordering these bully sticks as long as i have dogs .
great item and i my cats love it . it works perfectly with whiskas temptations & it will keep your 4 legged family members happy .
my dog destroyed this in about 2 days . it isn't really worth the money . if you have a heavy chewer , i recommend nylabones .
running out of things to say . lol you shouldn't have to write so much . my dog spends a lot of time playing with this .
i have been buying these for years . both our dogs love them and go crazy when we say " wabt a stick ? "
the toy does keep the cat entertained as long as it is full with food . it makes the cat work for their treat . goos idea would recommend .
always a useful product to have avilable when clipping dog or cat nails . works fine and this size should last for years for the average pet owner .
both our dogs loves these american made bully sticks . nice size keeps our larger dog busy for a while too.lasts our smaller dog all day and then some .
our pup loves it ! the biggest hit with him yet . sturdy material , as he has not ripped it out yet .
i have a disc that came without a cover , and they are hard to handle right out of the microwave so this comes in handy .
this is one toy my cavalier will go back for weeks later out of nowhere . i have this toys in different sizes as well
this toy holds treats well and works great as a peanut butter delivery system ! seems like it will hold up just as well as the classic red kongs .
my 3 dogs go nut over these ! ! ! they are natural and naturally good for them . they're wonderful treats readily accepted .
this is a great stroller , but i had to sell my soul to satan in order to get the coiter pins to go in .
love feliway , it helps with our cat's agressive attitude with his smaller sister , it's just a bit expensive for a senior or someone on a fixed income ...
he goes mad when i chuck it and bounces off in all directions . and i can play tug with him with this toy . multi-purpose , love it .
the glass scraper . works well . on a good day , we have 10 active tanks of various sizes and materials . so far , so good .
this is a great plush toy . my puppy has been playing with the removeable squirrel for months . worth the money .
great for my outside cat . she loves it too . my two chihuahuas enjoy the second one i bought . washes very well , cushion is removable .
san fancisco brand is one of several brands of brine shrimp eggs i've tried and this brand by far has the best hatch rate . highly recommended .
works great . i run it over the fabric on the loveseat and then vacum the fur off the furfighter kit .
i have a malamute that is constantly cutting his paws running on the pavers . musher's definitely is both healing and preventative !
i have a miniature bull terrier with very strong jaws . she loves this toy and it has withstood her chewing .
i don't particularly like that it isn't adjustable , but it's been a fine heater thus far for both of our one gallon tanks .
was not able to use this product because there was a tear in the bag when it arrived and some of the resin was leaking out .
she's not real picky about treats though ! as long as the lysine is good and she likes them , i consider them good !
this box is well made and large enough for big cats . having two cats , now each of them has their own facility !
our husky destroyed this in under 10 minutes and that resulted into a lot of small pieces that could have been swallowed .
this was just what was needed to train our puppy how to better walk on a leash ! we like the plastic tips over a metal prong collar .
most of our cats love this canned food , and the chicken flavor specifically . the cats are thriving on this food .
this is more like average dog treats its not actual jerky but my dog does like the taste and that's all that matters .
this is great food and probably the best thing you can feed you fish , keeps immune systems up and my fish seem to love it .
this cat food was pretty good for my old cat's sensitive stomach . it looked a little hard coming out of the can . a little dryer than most .
both my cats love this seafood feast and eat it as fast as they can hoping i will put down more before their next feeding time !
i purchased this collar and the leash and i love the material . it is nice and soft yet strong and durable .
my cat wouldn't eat them what can i say she just wouldn't eat it . so i will not buy them again
these were good for the price but my 3.5 lb . chihuahua demolished them in record time . wish they could last longer .
good value pack for greenies , great price for quantity . dog loves taste and might as well buy them in bulk
kitty had a relapse when i forgot to spray product for a few days . oops !
my cats use it whenever they go in or out of my bedroom because i put it by the doorway , all 5 cats use it
build up good bacteria in my tank . it was recommended by my fish store . i always put some in when doing water changes .
my dogs live to chase balls and this is easy to carry . plus it is nice that it is flexible
we are foster parents to cats and kittens . many of them have colds , these flavors and in pate have appealed to the cats and kittens .
cat would not eat it . i had good luck in the past with this . i think this may be the bad batch
the plush toys are tougher than most of the other dog toys available . they make less of a mess to clean up .
love the squeakers in this as well as the way it is made . my pups are going to have a ball with this toy .
these are great cartridges , but they are a bit pricey when you consider how often you end up replacing them .
the litter genie pale is actually what does the job , but this is good so i don't have to get plastic bags at the grocery store anymore .
great product for my outside cats to drink from for the winter time . great price as well . would recommend it highly .
one of peppers favourite toys . just replace the squeaker from spare parts . i even bought two . would recommend a buy .
i actually purchased this for two small rabbits . this is the only brand ( that i could find ) recommended for bunnies by vets .
this is cutest thing and it's so convenient to clip onto my dog's leash when we walk . i love it .
have purchased several of these for airline travel with rabbits . they are perfectly sized and travel very well . the prices cannot be beat and they shipped quickly .
great toy for small or larger dogs i have both . i have had kong toys for years and they really hold up well .
my sons new betta loves this in fact he won't eat the other betta food that we had for him previously
my dogs eat this like it's going out of style , and their coats are really nice and shiny . great dog food . will buy more .
my puppy dog loves all of his toys , but he loves his fox the best
seems to work as well as the proprietary brand name products , a little more difficult to apply as the liquid doesn't work down into the hair as easily .
this was the perfect width for my dog , i am really pleased as i had a bigger size that was way too chunky . great collar !
i love knowing that my kitty is getting the freshest water possible even though the water into my house is already filtered .
you need to look at each package you buy and make sure you know where it was made . not all nylabone products are made in the us .
this pet food mat does exactly what it should : protects my floor from spillage and cleans off super easily . a great buy !
we tried 4 different kinds of highly rated food , this brand and oneothers the dogs loved . would recommend .
i give my dogs human grade food but this is a 5 star foods to fill in the gap when i'm short on raw meat .
small scissors are very nice . they are easy to handle and worked nicely when grooming my 3 mini golden doodles
my jack russell just loves these . so much better than the hard version and easier on their teeth.if you love your pet get one and try it .
cats love it but it's far too expensive . for an occasional treat , okay
my chinchillas dont like it as much as they like the natural pet food we bought but i like the price of it
high quality food . dogs love the taste . couldn't be happier with the ingredients .
... but they inhale them like its nothing ! i guess if you want to give a quick treat , then this would be on point .
i got this as a backup litter box , and it was fine as that , but it's not going to get any raves , that's for sure .
while its a little tricky at first to set up . once you get it going it performs flawlessly . and it is safe
i bought these for my pet rats . i thought they we're going to be like food pretzels . they are just wood sticks and they did not touch them
doesn't over heat . easy to use . really easy for cutting dog to breed standard . best thing ever . awesome product . fast shipping
my dogs both love these kongs and they keep them occupied . great and long lasting !
they are the best rubber balls you can get for cats . they have a great bounce . pretty durable . no large seam . her cat loves them .
i worry a lot of where things are made for our animals today and what they contain .. i have no worries with this product .. highly recommend
my dog really likes these bones . i was so glad that i found them on amazon for such a reasonable price . i will be ordering them again .
he barely sniffed at them . they quickly fell to the bottom of the kitty toy box . we can't recommend them .
i love them for my cats , and my cats love them for sleeping .. and they're good for carriers too . yeah !
great for walking out at the trails , easy recall when these are on hand . the product seems consistent and trust-worthy .
this is a great fit for my 8lb dog and she looks so cute in it . she seems to like it so it must be comfortable .
the best shampoo for my lovely dogs . it makes the fur very soft and shine . i feel my dogs are stuff animals after shampooing .
i have never seen anything thus darling before . now she can go on a hike with us . it's tough being a toy yorkie .
its ok by me , my dog does not like it however . i have stopped using it . would not necessarily recommend it .
i got this toys along with a few others for my one year old lab pup for christmas . this is the only one he does not play with .
easy to use heat lamp that turtles will bask under . been using them for many years . nothing else to say .
i like that i can order them here and get them quickly . easy to change and maintain in our aquariums .
our puppy has been gnawing on this for hours and not a mark ! ! longest lasting toy by far . will definitely purchase more toys from this manufacturer .
dog still destroyed this in due time . he loves these kind of toys but i would go broke keeping him in them .
my dog loves nylabones of all varieties . they are the only types of dog toys that she can't destroy in a matter of minutes .
i probably love this toy more than the dog but she has played with it and it is good for playing fetch . very well made .
it works well for my deaf dog as it vibrates and shocks both , unfortuanely , somehow the collar went missing ! it also works well on regular dogs
our dogs love these crunchy biscuits . i break them in half for calorie control and they get scarfed up quickly .
we always used frontline plus but were lured away due to advantix's advertising . we're happy we switched . no more ticks !
my cats showed little interest in this . it's very cheaply made and the mouse goes too fast to keep their interest
quick delivery . good product . durable . dojo is a power chewer & gives it a paws up . good for any dog .
while a great idea my 2 puppies are scared to death of this thing . hopefully in the future it will change .
my wheaten is allergic to chicken so i was excited to find these in turkey and made in the usa . my dog is crazy for them .
seems durable . pup figured it out pretty quick , but you can change the resistace and make it more difficult . he really likes it .
my cats love the fresh flowing water . holds a lot and requires cleaning only about once a week . easy to clean .
my 5lb dog prefers the small size vs the x-small . it is teeny tiny , but he still plays with it .
this leash is wonderful . i love the harness and leash . the leashes elasticity is perffect allowing the cat some freedome along with control .
these are great toys . keeps cat busy and stimulates their brains . would buy again . cats need something to engage their time .
my dogs all enjoy core grain free wellness the ocean variety . my pups ( woof woof ) highly recommend it . the ingredients are great !
hope the kitties liked it , never heard anything back ... ? ? ? might order and see if my kitty likes it then update review ...
the little terrier gets all kinds of attention at the horse show and stays very comfortable in the chilly mornings . washes up nicely .
not sure why they call this a dental chew as it didn't act as a teether or provide gum stimulation . cat wouldn't play with them either .
they are made very durable and if they can pass the quality check by my bengals then they are good for any cats :)
really think these have helped my dog , he is doing really well and begs for this every day when it's time to get his .
they are great for training or a little treat in the middle of a hike or the day . sometimes i throw some on top of his food .
use this on my cat all the time , no side effects , and keeps the ticks and fleas away . she is a happy kitty .
can't imagine any dog not liking these ... healthy , nutritious , fun treats . variety is the spice of life even for our family friends ...
i don't know what it is in this treat that makes my dogs love them but my dogs get super excited when i give them one .
this filter is silent . i have it on a 15g and the tank is clean and the parameters are perfect . very easy to set up .
new golden retriever puppy . these pads work like a miracle . completely absorbent , and the best dog training pads that i have ever found in years .
my cat just loves this stuff . a little squirt and she can play all day long with her toys . really keeps her occupied .
my dog is chiweinie and her body style is long and it fit badly . the straps would not stay in place and i could not use it .
absorbant . only wish the plastic was another color rather than white as i have put them on the tray upside down !
my large cat had some irritation in a personal way . this keeps him comfortable & happy which means i am happy .
our husky chews up most of the beds we purchase . this one is the only one he has not chewed the zipper off .
my very spoiled kitties love this . i've been having trouble finding it in a big batch . very convenient and fresh .
cats love it and the bag is a handy size ... would order again as i have been doing for quite some time now ...
i like to switch food out once a week so i'll give them this as well as other types of food .
i found it much better than using an plastic one and it won't break on me when i clean the litter box for my cat .
a lot of power for my 50 gal . aquarium . the thermostat adjustment seems a bit crude , but works great right out of the box .
i was very pleased with this dog food , i have an alaskan malamute and i was happy to find a natural dog food .
this is great if you have a sick betta , can't hurt them . saved my two fish twice ! definitely would recommend .
only if they made this for humans . this just my dog with silky , soft , and more bounce then my hair has ever had !
my pup loves this food . it's really cheaper than petco which is a plus . the duck is his favorite so far
our little yorkie loves these treats , and i can feel good giving her something so nutritious . she loves the greens , betas and especially the berry flavor !
one cat loves it and other prefers bird . so play more with the birds . i will switch out every so often .
this lasted longer than some other stuffies , but it was still ripped apart quickly by my not heavy chewer dog .
my golden retriever has had problems with limping in the past , but since i've been feeding him this brand , he's been up and running limp free .
use these treats with both the bone and the classic kong toys . my dog loves both the toys and the treats .
my hamster will only eat the sunflower seeds . i think it has some kind of sweet additive that she dosen ; t really like
my puppy loves this and has been playing with it for months . i would definitely recommend this and buy it again .
this matches the pictures in the listing . it is a bit unwieldy for my bernese mountain dog but that is part of the fun for her .
kitty finds these to be acceptable as far as cat treats go , and they don't break the bank as much as some of the other freeze-dried products .
if you are looking to keep your cat in the peak of health , this entire line is worth the extra money .
fast delivery . cats love them because they are soft enough to allow them to carry them in their mouths when playing fetch . will buy more .
these are amazing . they do not leak , and our puppy knew to use them instantly . i recommend this to anyone !
i love these toys and so do the dogs . they're so reasonably priced that when one meets its end , i just get another .
i felt the angles were wrong on the scoop . and it was to combersome . and to bulky . but other than that it was ok
all the dogs at our rescue here in bradenton , fl love them . they are great . they all happy dance when the healthy eddibles come out .
this works for the money to keep a reptile tank warm .. jopefully it will last , these are known for blowing out quick
what can i say ? ? it fits the original product just fine , was shipped quickly , hold up for a few months with 2 cats .
this is a great price for the amount of product you receive . i would recommend this highly as a cost saver .
works very well with our 1.5 gallon tank for our betta . keeps the temperature right in the " comfort " zone for tropical fish .
the treats were not what i expected . the description could have been more plain for products . the dog ate them but they bothered her stomach .
this toy is incredibly small . will be returning because i'm pretty sure my 14 pound mutt will swallow it whole .
i have been using angels ' eyes natural for many years and it really works to prevent tear stains on my dog's white fur around her eyes .
dogs love it . it's larger than i thought too large to toss around and play fetch . very strongly made . dogs love it .
this is the non-clumping version of the product . very little dust floating around and does a good job for what it was intended for .
we love these ! when going down the road or to town everyone looks at our dogs and laughs but they love them going down the road .
way cheaper than at petsmart . fast delivery . good for my cats . i'm happy .
my kitties love the hydroponic grass that grows from these seed pods . the pods stay secured in their holders , and the grass sprouts in days .
my cockers just love these bones . they are just great snacks for them . i will order them again for my dogs .
it does heat up nice but lacks some softness . the base is hard plastic . the outside cats enjoy the warmth .
... so i always try to give them a variety ... and fancy feast has a great number of flavors and textures to satisfy all our pets .
the scissor are not as sharp as i expected .. i had to continue cutting more than once to thin it out
this is a very nice hoody and fit my yorkie well . unfortunately , very shortly after purchase the bling started falling off which greatly distracts from the look .
i've tried many wee wee pads and these have been the best . they really do the job and don't leak .
arthur ususally doesn't enjoy getting groomed , but he really seems to like this brush . it doesn't seem to grab ticks though .
our dogs just love these i wish they would so pricey we wouldn't work order these more often if we could get them at a cheaper price .
my toy fox terrier found this very cozy and loves it . i would recommend buying it for your dog . it's great for cold nights .
i got this for my large orange cat and he looked so cute for xmas card pics :) ) ) very cute tux ! !
i don't know what it is but as much as it delighted the kittens it bored them when they grew and i gave away to the local pet shelter .
apparently both of my cats are quite the catnip snobs because this is the only catnip they like ( for some reason ! :)
it's a standard airline tubing and it works well with my whisper air pump . 8 feet is plenty but i wish i got 25
used it on my cat and works pretty good . had some hair stuck in the blades but after taking them apart and cleaning them they work goo again
my dog loves these toys . i'm very pleased with the quality and service . i would recommend this to any dog owner
this product has helped immensely in keeping my aquarium looking clean and clear . i have not lost any fish lately and am very happy with it .
works well but my cats were not as interested in this toy as most others .
it's smaller than i want it to be but well long it work good that's all i want get it if you are looking for filter bag
fit my little beagle like a glove , no discomfort . not sure how long it will last . getting another one as backup !
i really like this one because it has no stuffing inside . the inside is like a real strong kong toy .
use as treats or crush and sprinkle it over dry kibble . love that it is " pure " and doesn't have tons of other ingredients .
works good on my dogs ears , only down side is the cost , i dont see why it should cost so much , other than that it works
it was smaller than i thought , but my bird is playing with it , so that's all that matters ! :) he likes it !
i will be buying this cat food again for my cats.the price was a little less than the pet store i usually get it from
my dogs chewed on these and lost interest very quickly . they do go pick them up every so often but they are definitely not their favorite toy !
seems to actually be air-tight and the dog can't even smell what's inside . the lid closes nicely and it's not heavy at all .. but still seems solid .
i would definitely purchase this shampoo again . it helped with the itching my dogs get from other shampoos and the conditioner smells great .
this product was really hard for me to roll around , but i know someone younger and with much more time will find this one useful !
dog loves this ball . made of the great kong material . bounces great . great toy for playing fetch with my lab .
this is a great toy . well made and perfect for active play indoors . the dogs enjoy playing with this ball .
it is so cute that i'm sure little jasper will love it . bright color and seems very well made . it's in his stocking now for christmas surprise .
for some reason these pads are going up in price . this was a great deal and the pads are high quality .
four dogs hve tried their best to destroy this house and all failed . it works well when you place a pad in the floor .
have used these for years - one happy and contented customer here and all of the fish vote five-star too !
i bought this for my jack russell puppy . i use the larger side for water and the smaller side for food . cleans easily and looks modern .
have owned this for a few months now and am very glad i purchased . well made , easy to move , use it daily !
these are some nice heavy duty clips ! they do a great job at cutting his thick nails , when he lets me ! lol !
great deal ! . foam steps to ease the pain for little dogs going up and down steps . holding up very nicely . will purchase again .
it's a bad toy . i wonder if the toy company ever had the dog tested before selling it . it will not last for more than 5 min .
hi ! my name is dappy and i like this chicken . my mom will probably buy me more if i am good . [ which is always ] .
my puppy rips into toys like there's no tomorrow . she didn't with this toy . yeah ! it is missing it's ears but the rest has survived .
i used this harness on my foster dogs which are usually pit mixes and it kept me in control all the time .
these work as well as the name brand bags and they fit in any standard bag dispenser . it's kind of a no-brainer there folks .
unfortunately it picked up hard water stains very fast and even clr couldn't restore it as the stain had already marred the surface permanently .
my cat loves this stuff ! ! ! it's very slightly moist & the bits are small - so it won't bother cats with sensitive mouths as much .
i consider these to be one of the best doggie piddle pads we purchased . the 200 pk is a very good deal too .
they go nuts with these furry balls . like to fetch them and have us throw them to catch ? very soft and safe
this was the first thing my pup played with when she came home . she loves to exercise her teeth on this item
cats love this foodalways fresh smallingwill soon disregard reviews because of this requirement to use a set % of words
my dog who was throwing up all the time has stopped since she started eating this natural brand of dog food .
my cats love this catnip . it's the only kind they like so i always get this brand . 5stars for sure !
the product is very well made , only thing i didn't care for was the top part , only has half a shelf . might be okay for one cat
was as advertised , but i should have purchased the black kong extreme ball because my chewer proceeded to eat about half of this toy .
really does help keep the litter from tracking all over the house like it did before . i'm glad i bought this product .
this gadget does exactly what it claims to do . it is quick , clean and easy to remove ticks . this is a great product , highly recommended .
ordered these as a different kind of treat than what i usually buy . not sure how to rate them , the dog loves them .
my son recommended this dog food . my dog likes it and i like the fact that it has limited , quality ingredients . will buy again .
my cats like the treats , they would eat them for meals if i let them . i may but more sometime
exactly what i was looking for . they are great to get pets to take their medications . this price is considerably less than at a pet store .
poor quality . nothing would hold together , and if the dog touched it , it would fall apart . would not recommend this .
has really helped my dog's breath , and keeps the tartar down so he doesn't have to have his teeth cleaned so often .
the side panels work wonderfully , the box itself has grooves around the bottom , which can make it difficult to scoop out .
fits my cans & is a good quality plastic . so easy to buy here on amazon instead of running all over town looking for some .
so glad i read the reviews on this ! just like they said , in three days our cat's eye cleared up.we ' re soo pleased with this medicine .
oh made a great christmas gift for the dog . and it is still around . not destroyed like some toys are .
this would be the same review for the different flavored one i wrote earlier . great product i use them all the time !
i preferred terry ryan's treat pouch by premier but can't seem to buy it any longer . this works well , love the hinge opening .
solid ball that will bounce a far distance . my lab loves to fetch this ball . easy to throw and easy for dog to retrieve .
i have australian masked love birds and they are destructive so this is one toy i use in their cage to keep them busy ... they love it .
perfect size for my little puppy . she feels comfortable . i should probably use the divider , but i didn't and don't . no accidents !
purchased for my new puppy and he seems to like them . now if i can only get my adult dogs to stop steeling them .
my dog loves it ! the taking part doesn't last long , but at least there is an opening you could stick a squeaker in !
my dog loves these . she chews for hours on this and it lasts . it doesn't break off in chunks just wears down .
my puppies were scooting around on the floor since i bought them . i gave them each de-wormer and within the first day the scooting stopped .
i have bought my daughter one for christmas as i am so thrilled with mine . keeps litter area much neater and cleaner and less trips to the garbage .
my dog chewed off all the fuzz like she does on tennis balls and then it was all sticky so had to throw it away .
my mother swears by this , but it gave both of my dogs diarrhea ( no accidents in the house , just very loose stool ) .
although our bulldogs have chewed on these bones occasionally , it is not their favorite chew toy . they much preferthe wolf size wishbone .
my cat loves this food and doesn't have urinary tract infections anymore . she would recommend this to other cats . x
not his favorite out of the 6 we bought .. but it keeps him busy when i'm trying to leave for work .. good for my 7mo power chewer lab
needed some for my cats . the price was great ! i'll definitely buy again . keeps down on the population of fleas and makes my cats more comfortable .
every single time i go to the market i forget cat treats , now i found them in packages of 5 . my cat thinks i am awesome .
works nicely to deliver air into the water and hooks up well to most airline tubes for proper water aeration
greenies are very muched loved as a tatsy treat by are two small dogs ! ! ! at 96 chews they last a long time ! ! !
these ware willow critters pretzel sticks are thin but good . there are also a lot of them in a pack . my rabbits enjoy them .
other cat grass had a short life span . this grass has lasted a few months and is still going strong .
i gave this a four because i received the wrong color and it was torn beyond repair . very disappointed am i .
we are having much fun with this ! stretches some so they feel like they win when they grab the end . so far it is a grand toy .
works great for my golden gobbler ( also known by his breed name of golden retriever ) . this bowl slows him down and is super sturdy .
these are great & it takes my dogs a little while to chew them up , which is great . will definitely purchase again !
these are good quality dog waste bags . i've never had a problem with them tearing or having holes in them . highly recommended .
i love these bags . for a little more money i will continue to purchase these . the lavender scent really makes scooping poop a bit more bearable .
no problems works like it should on my dogs . i have no problems with ticks or fleas since using this product .
i bought the chuckit to use indoors to fling paperwads and savvy tabby mylar balls for a cat , and it works great .
this crate is large enough for my 100lb dog . it is also easy to collapse / move . this is a great buy for the price !
puppy loved to make the sound while biting and running around.strongly recommended for fun play fetch . solo play is also good entertainment ! superb product
my tank is a constant 77 degrees . i check it daily and the temp is always 77 degrees . works great .
i have a lab that destroys most toys almost instantly . this toy lasts several days which is saying a lot !
love the kong toys , but this one is our dogs least favorite . it seems to be a little harder to catch .
dogs won't eat it . they hate it . had to mix it with other food and even then they eat around it .
these come in the 4 1/2 size also . this one is larger . make sure your parrot's cage can accomodate the larger size .
i miss my jbj filter . this filter doesnot keep the tank clean . once i get more money coming in im replacing thisfilter
recently purchased supplies for bringing puppy home . we couldn't beat the online pricing . while we haven't used yet , i'm sure this will make a treat .
but tested in usa . with all the chicken dog treat problems from china i can't feed these to my pup .
this is great if you just want to keep your dog tied up while youre outside doing something and gives them plenty of running room
did not work as well as i expected . it worked for a little while , but then my dogs ear infection came back
my cats absolutely l-o-v-e this scratcher ! ! ! it's very durable and the design looks like a modern piece of furniture . would definitely buy again ! ! !
i have to agree with the majority of the reviewers . these things are so small ... i had to use two of them . looking for alternatives now .
our puppy rotteweiler loves them just that they do not last very long . need to make them harder to chew so that they last longer .
we started these about 6 months ago . our dogs love them and they do seem to be helping with teeth cleansing .
a great buy when combined with other items for free shipping . a direct and inexpensive replacement for the fluval c3 .
my cat loves it i love it and my roommates dog is jealous lol . would recommend this to anyone that wants their animal to have a flow of water
my dog wouldn't touch these . i gave them to someone who's dog did like them , however i don't know how effective they are in the breath department .
a great crunchy treat to have on hand . my boys like them . i have bought them several times and am satisfied with purchase .
i always use a rotating tooth comb on my poodles and this one is a winner . sturdy and works great .
put this in my 10 gallon tank yesterday and its doing its job perfectly had to replace an old 100 watt that was there so far so good .
my cat and her people really enjoy this toy . it appears to be made well as she has not broken it yet ( despite her trying ) .
i have two pit mixes and they love this . very strong toy for some very strong dogs . still in one piece after 2 weeks .
i love the design of this . it also does a great job of getting the extra fur off of my german shepherd .
i always have this product in the pantry for my 3 kitties . it is a quality product , reasonably priced and my kittiies enjoy it very much .
good design and manufacturing . this toy was interesting for my kitten firts the smell and second the shape . good toy .
the glow on this ball lasts and is easily charged . my dog enjoys it and is always willing to play with it if i bring it out .
these bells are very well made and they make a great sound . they're long enough for even the smallest dog .
i actually cut the front piece out so i could feed my 3 pound dog treats . it's not a pliable muzzle .
i really like this collar it . it will reflect when light hits it making night walking a little more safer .
greatest bag holder ever ! it is secured to the leash and it is easy to refill .
i really recommend it product , no flea any more in my house , my cat is so happy now after 2 days taking the suppements
love the simple design , it works well and i don't have to check on the cats food every day anymore .
he loves squeaky toys . gets his buddy to play tug with this one . the two dogs have great deal of fun with it . durable .
highly recommended . since adding this during my water changes , my plants have gone wild . now i seem to be trimming them monthly .
very good for a pup that is teething . saves the shoes and anything else that she thinks is fair game .
my lab responds very well to training when i use these treats . as a bonus , they are not messy or smelly on my hands .
the pink collars really light up great but the other colors barely light up at all well my girls look prettier in pink anyhow ...
this is my second dog toy by this company and so far i have been impressed . holding up well to a labrador that likes to chew .
my dog got very excited when i gave him this toy . he's a strong chewer though and the rope lasted about 5 min .
i use them all the time for training my pups . they and every other dog i have known loves them !
they're pricey and they break easily when you're stuffing them in a toy . but my dog loves them , and this is a company i trust .
when i shave my dog she will be wearing this often ; especially when we go to the dog park of course :)
what can i say all of my cats have always loved the purr pads . they rest comfortably and seem to keep them warm .
nothing special , but you get what you pay for . it's functional and easy to clean . no complaints . it arrived promptly .
this enzyme definitely helps with our dogs sensitive digestive system and keeps her regular ... we highly recommend it if your dog has a sensitive system also :)
this product did not help the itching problem we had with our dog . kind of disappointing . it came quickly , though , and was in good shape
i cleans my dogs , keeps fleas off and is cheaper than petsmart while saving me a car trip . what more would you want ?
durable , pups seem to like it , can be used indoors or outside . the pups have been able tear it apart .
my dog loves it . cleaned up like new in the washing machine . he's been carrying it around for three months and still hasn't gotten to the insides .
my furbaby has skin issues and i spray this on him . he tolerates it and it does help his skin issues somewhat . i've reordered numerous times . ginger
i bought 2 , 1 for my cane corse and 1 for my shar-pei . they are clumsy built and i have replaced them .
to me this seems very soft . having a velcro type strap for closure makes this easier to put on my pet .
i have used frontline plus for years . and it is a very good product . i will keep using it . i can't think of more words .
my dogs have liver problems , so am trying to reduce the amount of animal proteins in their diet . they like this a lot .
our medium-large girl bunny like to chew on the grass mat and within a couple weeks she had it torn apart . i will probably get her another one .
two of these pockets each day help the 500 mg tabs of lyseine go into the kitty without the human being torn to shreds . thank you !
i've bought this several xs for my cat . and my cat loves it . so here i am a repeat customer . that says it all .
my dog can destroy toys in a matter of seconds but this toy holds up well and she loves it .
i got this for my aquaclear 30 to make sure too much plant debris doesn't get into the main filter . it works great !
well made and easy to put together . material is nice and cat spends most of his time sleeping or playing on it .
i am well pleased with this purchase . the pads are more absorbent than a previous supplier . i will order again .
this stuff always works great ! i always use prime . i use it for my salt and fresh tanks . never have an issue .
my cats love all the flavors in this variety pack . their is nothing left in their bowls when they eat it .
not a favorite for my frenchie , although he has a lot of toys , this one just doesn't thrill him and never has .
i have an 11 month old toy poodle and she loves this bone.it ' s almost addicting to her . i would recommend it .
our little silky terrier loves to fetch thisit flies and so does she ... i love to buy all the pet stages toys and this was shipped very quickly
so disappointed in this one . didn't last 10 minutes ... she ate right through it and it was a costly toy . nope !
these are the greatest ball throwers we have found .. we think the 18 inch one handles the best for distance and height !
zuke's dog treats are great , the " mighty chance " ( my dog ) loves them & the small size makes them work for calories & cost .
my dogs love anything made by dingo . i could not be happier with the brand myself ! dingo is the best !
very durable . so much so that the only damage to it where i ran over it with the lawn mower . can't blame manufacturer for that !
i use this when i travel for dog or cat food . keeps it fresh and they can't smell it in this container .
this fuzzy rabbit is one of the dogs ' favorite toys . they carry it around everywhere . worth the price and highly recommended .
not bad , the dogs seem to like the taste ok . it is not the best for training with , it crumbles too easily
only worked for one night before the battery died . other products on the market are better and similar priced . it was fine .
these fit perfectly into the roomba . i could not see any difference between these and the ones that came in the roomba box
it is not very durable . it broke after a few weeks of clicking . so then it became a chew toy .
this light is a pretty good light for a small ( around 10-15 gallons ) fish tank . bright enough , but not too bright .
great toy , keeps my dog engaged even though i accidentally ordered the wrong size it still works very well for being small
my cat loves these soccer balls , and plays fetch with them . great value here , for the amount and price . kitty says 5 stars !
my cats just love these treats , i have tried others including big brand names , but nope this brand is all they want !
the only down side is the white ends are too soft for a dog that chews and they get rough and chewed off pretty quickly
my dog has not destroyed this yet . rate this very highly . our dog is a real big chewer . likes this a lot
the smell is intense and keeps my cats " entertained " for a while . i will definitely be ordering more of this .
the bristles are sturdy and the handle is comfortable . my cat absolutely loves it . easy to clean and it gets the job done .
this seemed to be the most heavily padded in this price range . and i wasn't disappointed . well made and comfy according to my dog bizzie .
despite measuring carefully , this harness does not fit our dachshund at all around the neck . it is way too loose .
these are the best bags for scooping poop . something one has to do when taking animals outside that these bags make easier to do .
parts have no rough edges and everything fits together very nicely.you can also add an optional filter to keep it extra clean ( ? ? ? ) .
the dogs i sent these to in rescue love these knot ropes , keeps them busy for a while and focused .
these a the best bag i have bought and tried . it also have a good smell to help with the poop
made very sturdy but of all the toys i bought him has never paid any attention to this one . i think a baby might enjoy it better .
the chewing part is softer than a regular nylabone but my particular puppy doesn't seem to like it as much as the nylabone rings . go figure ?
pumpkin & periwinkle , both spoiled kitties , agree one one thing , cat food needs more gravy . we are pleased with this product .
if you love your kitty , you have to get one of these . big or small your cat will love it !
and here's why , its crunchy , its tasty , its reasonably priced with amazon prime and it gets delivered fast and free just in the nick of time .
since company went to unrefridgerated product , it is easier to keep handy . has antiseptic properties . soothing for cats eyes , especially persians .
i like how easy it is to change the blade attachments . it makes it very easy to groom my dog .
my dogs just ; love these ! they just go crazy when i tell them " whats mama got " ? they keep their teeth very clean !
have had this installed for about a month now with no problem . keeps that tank at the temp i need , build quality is good .
my rabbit loves this food and it seems to last a long time since it is a 10lb bag . snickers is happy , healthy , and soft .
my dog loves this food and i save money by buying in bulk packages . there is never any waste with this brand .
i was hoping for the best but i too noticed that these pads leak . not going to buuy then again !
too small for this price . my puppy simply swallowed them ; did not bother to chew ; was worried about this think getting stuck in her tummy
i have a yorkie and her little whiskers always smell , this helps for several days . wish the smell would last even longer .
my bird love it . she plays with it , i wish i should have ordered more .. thanks for eveything , from my bird
works great , performs just as advertised . kills all fleas fast . nice to use when your dog goes for a visit and comes home with fleas .
i have used many brands and find this to be the best value . they work as advertised for a good price .
i use this for a 55 gallon as my hob filter and a 55 gallon under gravel filter and between the two the water stays crystal .
great for those who love water but not great for those who are heavy chewers as it wont last long
work very well near as i can tell and a very reasonable price . i use them for a few weeks even after changing the water .
works wonderful for my dog scared of storms . she sleeps right through them .
my very picky boy likes 2 of the 3 flavors in this variety pack most of the time . i liked the price .
my dogs love these coats . they stay warm in the winter and stay dry in the rain . they do not try to rip it off .
my dog hasn't found a klunker in any kyjen toy i've bought for her . she'll chase down these eggs all day ... or as long as i last .
this heater is very easy to set and read . keeps constant temperature just where i need it . no problems so far . would purchase this model again .
my cats love these toys . they squeak like real animals and provide hours of fun .
it is charcoal - what can i say , i just change every 3 months . bag has lasted a long time
unfortiunately , i had to return this when it faulted after merely a few weeks of use for my forty five gallon tank .
nice but unless you are under 5 ' 4 " " , your back will take a beating . seems a longer handle would be easy enough to make ...
use this in my sump and works extremely well at keeping the water quality high . inexpensive material to help keep fish and corals healthy .
be sure to place the filter unit above the water line . otherwise the tank really doesn't clean the water well . it's a nice beta tank !
best little toy balls for my pup . she is a ball dog for sure and can chase these all day .
still waiting for them to play with these . i'll drop one off the floor and they'll jump and sniff at it , but so far , that's it !
well i prefer the more rigid tubing but it works . this is just more foam like with weights . i like the ones that will keep their form .
works the best of all we've tried through the years and very easy to clean ! god ' ole trusty arm & hammer !
i got these for the kids tern gallon tank , works as though they should . cheaper then the big box stores so what thee hell . ,
very good product . well made . everything is included , my cats love the grass . i recommend without reservation . your cats will love it too .
cat didn't like this . not really sure if that's a fault of the cat or the product . dogs like it ok .
i bought this for the uv light for my hedgehog's cage and it works great . easy to set up ! love it !
this is a wonderful buy . i give my dog these 2xday to help with early joint car . he loves them .
lightweight , was soft and started unraveling quickly , not as durable as i hoped , dog thought it was okay , didn't love it .
smells great , and makes my dog's coat quite shiny . i think the product decreases shedding and if nothing else it makes the coat look and smell better
my two cats love to play . they love this cat toy . my older cat has even learned how to turn it on by watching me .
these come in handy for giving medicine to any dog or puppy hold up well to washing . easy to use and much better then trying to use a spoon
i didn't like the color . it was blue . i was supprised that it was not clear as most tubing is .
no complaints about this product , it works by well and is easy to refill . 1.5 gallons is plenty for most dogs and it isn't too bulky .
the centre tunnel is too small for cats , and even as a stratcher my cats didnt like it . never used it .
my sister's rats enjoy ! they take it from her hand and are definitely getting the right nutrition with this food !
total waste of money it will actually make your water worse . this product should be refined to better quality . i would not recommend this product .
large enough so that our newf pup doesn't choke on them , and really sturdy . he hasn't worn these out yet .
these are well made and dog likes the squeaking . the only bad part is the fuzz comes off these just like the regular tennis balls .
my two rescue dogs love these old mother hubbard crunchy classic snacks for dogs mini p-nuttier , 20 ounce dog biscuits .
added very little to the tank . i use with a non color lamp of the same make . the colors make zero difference in my tank .
i love the product and the equipment that is it used for . the price was good and the service was very fast .
our girl dobie loved this toy and carried it around for days . and it didn't fall apart like most that she plays with .
dogs loving it and lasting a long time.not a favorite of all the nylabones for the dogs but not the unfavorite either .
our mini rat terrier goes crazy over them . my husband cuts them in half so he doesn't eat it sooo fast .
my puppy absolutely loves these things . the fiber stuff he mostly removed but they're still his preferred play balls . i ordered more .
my chins are young under 4 months and they cant get enough of this wheel ... however thank god it is not in my room because it is loud
it keeps her busy for hours . it also comes apart so it can be washed easily which is a big plus .
would not use these stairs . they are very light and seem flimsy . perhaps they would work for a tiny dog . i ended up donating them .
perfect for large bags of cat or dog food . easy to pour or scoop . stack very neatly or go side by side .
my dog loves these - she can snack all day and not gain weight - healthy and low cal . they smell great too for breath
should have went with the xl would have been nice if dimensions were given in product discription but i can live with it ..
my siberian dwarf hamster loves these my gerbils do not . that is okay i buy them for the hamster and she loves them
it works ok but my pets do not like that it bubbles when they use it . we still have it out but it doesnt get much use
this bad boy held for over a month with my american bulldog . the squeaker was dead in 3 days but that's about 3 days more than most squeakers .
our vet suggested these to keep help keep our dogs teeth clean . he loves them and we feel good giving them to him .
our 2 bengals love this toy - it has held up well . i would highly recommend the cat charmer ! great option for them .
i don't know if it's just my dog or what but he seemed to like the taste , it seemed like it made him target the areas sprayed more .
my dogs love it . i should have ordered 2 . they are fighting over it . will have to order another one .
to be honest my dog didn't mins the taste of the supplement but my vet advised to discontinue use die to lack of benefit and gave me something better .
this harness does the trick ... stops dogs from pulling with no stress to the neck . dogs walk well and learn not to pull .
i love zoo med and ths is another great product that gets the job done . this is a great wattage for a medium to large enclosure .
protects the tagg from bitters and rough housing however i have to keep replacing them they don't hold up for long
this is the only one i use . all the others leave a greasy residue on my cats fur . this works very well repelling fleas .
this is an excellent pet food . i will continue to use it as i rotate . i love that it has small pebbles . no complaints
this is a simple thermometer that is easy to use and easy to read . it does exactly what i need it to do . no complaints here .
helped clear skin allergy from a shelter rescue initially with skin allergies , this in addition to a very healthy natural preservative free diet did the trick .
my chewers have not been able to break this ball ! they love paying in the snow with it and fling it around .
the dogs love this toy and it has lasted for a long time . i will definitely buy another kong cozie .
my cat is 16 years old . she loves treats . if she eats too many then she yacks up . other than that they are good to go .
my doves are rescues and super picky but they do eat this food . i would buy it again in the future.nutritionally balanced .
works great and is durable . i have a 100 + lb . rottweiler and he is full load in the back seat of my sedan .
my cat wont touch it . it's pretty but my cat just shook her paw at it ... i cat nipped it and all . no interest .
it smells nice and leaves my cockapoos hair smooth and silky , she doesn't seem to itch as much when i use a conditioner .
because the top isn't fully covered , the cats seem more comfortable using it than our other boxes . and that also makes it easy to scoop out .
thank you great product will buy again in the future worked great on my five cats will buy for my daughter s cats .
the cats are loving it . the laser is very entretaining for the cats and the product is very very good .
unless its filled w / treats ... he hasnt destroyed it , but doesnt use it much at all , but it is durable !
my dogs liked these treats , but they leave a mess on the carpet . i would advise monitoring your dogs while they eat these treats to avoid choking .
i purchased this for my cat who not only could easily get this off , but she also some how punctured a hole in it ... ;(
my dog is spoiled . he'll only eat these if there is nothing else . the good thing is that it is made in the usa .
my beagle has the worst ears ever , i've tried lots of things but this stuff really does work . just use as directed .
i have 23 beloved cats in our sanctuary . once a week we have catnip day . so much fun to watch .
this thermometer works great . easily attaches to side of tank and constantly keeps a perfect reading of temperature . fits anywhere in my tank .
my bassets love this . keeps them busy for several minutes . amazon has much better price than the pet store i purchased it from
he actually wakes me up early in the morning begging for these treats . not sure if that's such a good thing , but he sure does love them !
litter genie is a very good idea . keeps the odor down . the litter genie arrived quckley and was a good price
my dog can destory anything ! even kong toys can't be trusted by her . this seems to be holding up good .
my puppy at the time ripped this to pieces upon minutes of taking it out of the packaging and giving it to him .
i buy these nylabone products because my dogs love them . price was very good . shipment arrived earlier than expected . not a bad puchase
i've never had this problem with other raw hides , but they break them into little bits instead of eating them .
this is what my vet told me to get for my guys for heart guard and such . it saves money and time , too ,
this did the trick ! and they sent enough pieces that when my dog lost / broke another piece , i already had what i needed .
my six cats think this is the best stuff every . each one acts like he's king kong and mommy bought it just for him .
we have a siamese mix with an " anti " personality . very anxious & antsy . this has helped tremendously ! i recommend it !
i gave this to my parent's cat who's normally very playful . unfortunately , she barely sniffed it before ignoring it completely .
this is really nice . it's on wheels , easy to move around . i put the litter in the bottom and dry foot in the top .
my cats love them . i have reordered anumerous times and will continue to do so as they go hrough them quickly
my ferret loves this , she sleeps more in it then the hammock when we first bought it .. will be shopping again for something similar
i wish it were a little bigger . other than that , i like the quality and idea of a mini tent for birds .
my dog loves this sweater and it keeps her warm and it not over heavy like some and is not bulky like others she really likes it
my bunny has entertained himself for hours with this toy nibbling on it and throwing it around the pen . it has lasted a long time .
my sugar gliders love this . it's the first thing they go for at meal time and they never get tired of it .
my kitten loves it he has the round of the house but i find him in the bed in his bed room
i'll keep buying these bags for my dog's walks . they are the perfect size , and after several orders , i've found none with imperfections .
purchased for my 11.5 lb . coton de tulear.liked it immediately.attractive . rich looking . looks like a small sofa . well priced.excellent for a small dog .
my 8 month old lab pup has not been able to chew this one up ! this is a durable ball !
my cats love the taste of this food . the price is very affordable and it smells good to them because they go nuts for it .
world's best.the odor is controlled very well . the wet things clump and the dry things have their odor neutralized.tracking is not an issue with this formula .
lovve this for my dogs ... works great and makes them shine and skin much better ! ! ! they do not itch as much .
great for basking for my bearded dragons . the only issue i have is the bulbs burning out in a few months . otherwise the product works great !
these chips are an easy way to aide with dental health . my vet recommends , my dogs like them , i'm pleased .
the pup absolutely loves this ball ... treats drop out randomly and slowly and the pup has not been able to tear it up .
very durable plastic springs . my cats continuously play football with them . i probably have about 100 of them under the fridge :)
my cat loves these . my cat loves these treats and i have noticed with the hairball ones that she doesn't seem to have as many hairballs anymore
they are easy to clean and manage to filter all of the larger particles from moving deeper into the filter .
i didn't get much of a chance to use this . the drawstring broke the minute i pulled it out the box and i immediately returned it .
i have a 13 year old golden retriever who has been playing with these for severalyears . if someone comes to the door he proudly brings them one .
i would purchase again . i wished it was a little cheaper because i have a growing rottweiler , get the picture !
these are direct replacements for the test tubes that come with the api master kit . made testing mulitple tanks much easier .
our dog isn't interested in this bone for whatever reason . it is a good toy but she prefers other toys to this .
shipped quickly , works very well , very pleased with purchase . i would recommend this heater . it works well in my 55 gallon tank .
these have been very good for my giant breed dog . he has stopped limping and gained his mobility back . i recommend it to all dog owners .
this is well made and very comfortable , it really does stay cooler than the ambient temperature .. my dog will love this in the summer ! !
but then again , my dogs eat anything ! but , begin organic is important to me . newman's products are largely organic and reasonably priced .
this is a great product for dog training--all 3 of my dogs love it ! it is worth the money to get them all trained !
found these at pet smart year ago but they haven't restocked them again , so i was glad to find them online :-)
have not used this yet , got several toys at once so they will get them latter . looks very good would recommend
i use this to store dog kibble . it's a nice sturdy container , doesn't smell like plastic , and has been durable .
very good treat ... dog likes them . they are a very good size . healthy . cheap . simple . bottom line , will buy again .
i accidentally ordered this and came to the realization that i prefer pellets . it seems to be doing the job , i just prefer pellets
my dogs keep these on ! really ! they must be comfortable cause my puppy kept it on for hours ! its a winner !
we've used this on our laminate floors when our dog has accidents for 4 years and it works great . gets rid of smells and easy on the floors .
it was easy to assemble . it is very sturdy and easy to clean . it is perfect for my chihuahua . great for small dogs
i dispense it daily to my little shih-tzu ; he is 11 years old and likes the taste ( so does the cat ! )
i have a parakeet who absolutely loves this toy keeps him pretty occupied . id recommend this toy for anyone with birds .
i take this when my joints are swollen - it really helps . also has reversatrol - great for your heart !
well liked by my dog . order was shipped very promptly , packaged great . would order again . like the made in usa
my little morkie loves this toy and it is so cute to see him running around the house with it in his mouth !
love silicone tubing . it's softer and stays soft . i chose blue because it matches better with my aquarium . good stuff ! ! !
these are for cats and it wasn't really that clear when i bought them but our little dog just loves these things
this the best kitty box , great for our older kitty that does not squat anymore , high enough and easy to clean
the little guy loved this , took awhile for him to destroy it , but he sure had fun doing it ! ! excellent and lasted quite a while
size is bit longer for my aquarium but not too big and now i don't have to wet my hand for cleaning . a perfect toll for any aquarium .
very nicely made and nice color too . many colors to choose from and a very secure buckle for easy on and off use .
it's cute and my cats use it to sleep in , but my kitten wrecked the lining . but they still use it .
my two cats take turns sleeping on top or inside the condo ... alsoo use it for their scratching needs . would recommend this item for any cat owner .
no " litter-box smell " & clumps better than anything i've tried before . definitely worth the higher price & won't ever go back to another brand !
this is the best cat toy ever invented ! i have yet to own a cat that doesn't turn themselves inside out playing with this !
great for my dog . easy to put together and fold back up ! did a lot of comparing on prices , and this is competitive . definitely recommend .
my cat gets an insane look in his eye when this toy comes out . great fun to which him leap into the air to catch it !
perfect for getting away from dwarfs . especially when you 8 to 9 other male dwarfs that just do not want to get alone .
cleans my dogs ears . works well . she likes it . that's about all i have to say about it . i would recommend it .
thanks for making a product that acutually works ! my cats are doing great and i think the chicken flavor helps !
this is a great toy . my dogs pull at it all the time . it still squeaks and is only missing his tongue !
this is a great product , but i cannot afford it . i use the cheapest food made by the honest kitchen which my dogs love also .
my kitties love it . they eat the cubed chicken type too , but i think they like this one more . i'm glad i bought this for them :)
a lot smaller than it looks , should be fun for her to find the treats in the little boxes . nice foraging toy .
the clippers worked great . good attachments.the instructional video is quite useless . i found better videos on youtube . i use these on my shih tzu .
this box is a good size , works good and well made.choice of three separate chambers that can be taken apart to become one large box .
love it , use it all the time when walking my dogs and around the house comfortable and light on the waist
the treats arrived in good condition . however , my cat did not like this . he is picky about what he eats though .
my large dogs are not into as much as the smaller ones . but great product
it works great and is worth the money . i like it better than the regular dog shampoo i buy at walmart
i found out later this diamond product was recalled . too late . it makes me not want to buy cat food from here .
works good . i'm on a limited budget and can't afford those expensive pet products and i will buy this more often .
what more can you ask for 3 pack to the price of one if you go to the live fish store .
good food . cats ate well and did not cause my cat to be sick like the other food did .
excellent product . i've been using prozyme for a while when i found it here . my vet recomended it and i've been very satified with it .
love this tag . it stays in position instead of turning like many others . it's sturdy feeling too .
great price for all three and my dogs haven't " killed " these yet.will definitely get some more toys from this company .
i have a yorkie and rat terrier . both like the food and are healthy on it . seems to be good quality and i like the ingredient list .
my 9 year old boston terrier has eaten this along with the dry version for several years . she loves it .
this product can harm your cat or dogs eyes . it is unsafe and should not be sold as a pet toy
nice but i plan to get a bigger one , its a great resting spot for my birds ! i definately recommend it . !
2 cats will only eat friskies . outdoor cat that adopted our family gets friskies as well . makes everybody content and happy
the six bags of pill pockets is a great buy . i like the peanut butter but prefer the chicken . just getting ready to order again .
these are great treats for our dog . you can break them up and give them in small or large pieces .
my 2 cats both love this thing - they still play with the hidey hole even though they smacked the toy out long ago lol
our 1 yr . old pit chewed the tie in the middle up in a few hours . not what i expected from kong .
my cat loves these treats and getting them at a savings sent right to my door is an added bonus ! thank you !
i have 3 cats with very diverse taste , only one of them likes it and hes the one with hardly any teeth . so go figure .
we use this regularly , since our litter doesnt have any built in odor combatants , this does the job . best deal i can find is on here .
we really like the seat cover . it's not very cushy but does the job . my dog jumps right on it .
my pom just loves this bed ! really well made andvery strurdy ! i recommend this to anyone with an active pup !
weight was good for me to hold . i switched blades immediately to the 3-3 / 4fc blade because i wanted a longer , summer clip on my dachshunds .
my dog is a heavy chewer and usually starts destroying rope toys in minutes , but this one seems to be holding up pretty well .
my cats didn't like this as much as grazing on real grass . and it grew a weird mold on it after a few days after the grass sprouted
not easily chewed . can roll and toss for play time or to help keep busy by themselves . easy to hide snacks in .
no worry about poking your dog with sharp scissor ends . these shears cut very well , comfortable and easy to use . love em
my puppy loves this toy.he plays with it for hours and so far is tough and stayin together and a nice color .
i recommend to every cat owner . they love the noise this mouse makes , if they love it , i love it .
i only needed to use a little bit ... helped right away ! we recommend this for pets with sensitive skin . larger animals might need 2 tubes .
both my rag doll and orange tabby love this stuff . it's a bit on the expensive side but their sensitive stomachs both agree it's worth it !
bought this to air ship my new 8 week old german shepherd puppy . kennel is very sturdy and my puppy arrived safe and sound !
i have an older dog who i am trying to be sure to give healthy treats . this is one of three of her favorites .
works very well for my 11lb dachshund . well built . locking mechanism works good . does the job and was a reasonable price . would recommend for others .
best present i bought for my two sable collies . they love it and it is extremely easy use ! love it ! ! !
it does what it is supposed to do ... scoops food from container to bowl . nothing to complain about here ..
no more worries about my dog sneaking a pee in the house during the night , it trains her to hold it through the night .
just started using product.hoping for good results.my dog has skin & joint issues ( large breed mix ) - to be continued ...
our dog absolutely loves her kong star pod . we buy the circle carrots and they slide right in for her to fish out while we're gone !
i like the replacement filters better made better then the ones u get when u buy the power filter i will order more
great length in this ice and snow storm . my puppy is able to run ahead and yet still be on a leash .
have not tried on my dog yet . but the quality is excellent . hopefully will help solve hairball problem with my cat .
very nice light ! it is very affordable and does the job . i have mine on my 29 gallon planted aquarium and my plants are doing great !
have not used it yet but is on the floor and passion goes into it to play so know when we travel she will be fine
kitties love it . nice and cheap . what more could one want ? lasts about a month , but i have 2 energetically scratching kitties .
my cats love it and spend hours playing with it . i would say buy it if you want active cats .
hartz home protection pads for dogs , 50 ct . they work if spray is used each time to remind the dog .
will so far my dog love it . but i am still smelling his bad breath.so i will continue to used it and see what happen
petco employees recommended this to me for my teddy bear hamster . it seems to be fine , and he loves to clean himself with sand .
this is the replacement of the first one by other seller this one came on time and with all the parts the cats love it !
i'm on my second box . they sure make dealing with cat litter easier for me and i don't have to deal with the odor as much .
this ball is about the size of a tennis ball . i just thought it would be much bigger . it is very tough . slightly disappointed .
love it for our pets and me too . really works great on our chicken dog ! thx medicine
great stuff , use it in my pump filter on 75 gallon tank , great for keeping the water clear , gets the small floaty particles out . good value
this toy has outlasted my pitbull , who can destroy just about anything . i have 5 dogs and they all love their nylabones !
this is a great brand , my dogs really like it , it has helps their poop also . this is worth the price .
company is very helpful and communication great.the best slicker brush worked well on my double coat foster when he was here .
i really like this shampoo and will buy more . my kitty is fluffy and smelling good after his bath with this soap .
new kitty loves these things ! they are helping her learn that i'm nothing to run away from . i wish they came in a larger bag .
there are basically two toys in one . the outer coating lasts about a week with rough play , but the ball lasts over a month .
this is a great value and i order them frequently . last a long time considering i have 6 cats and 8 litter boxes that i clean twice daily .
very nice sand for my reef tank . it does not look overpoweringly pink , but has more like pink undertones , which is exactly what i wanted .
the cats love these . i'm glad to know where to get the big bunches , the local big box pet supply stores don't seem to carry them anymore .
my little guy absolutly loves his new bed . it gives him . privacy and makes him feel very secure . he say thank you
will come in handy for all those foster families that open their home to rescued animals , love amazon's gift registry
bought this for my rottweiler and she destroyed it the first day . we had bought her another one from lowes and it held up much better !
easy to use and it is very sharp . dog hates to be trimmed but this makes it faster and easier .
great potent catnip . i open it and he comes running to eat it and roll around in it . makes him crazy and loopy lol .
our golden retriever puppy loves these treats , and will do anything i ask of her just to have one . i wish they were made in the usa .
the dogs will take one without fuss - and they seem to give relief from pain / discomfort - all in all a good product .
cases of canned food take an entire shelf in either place . this fits perfectly beside the milk and liters of juice .
i ordered this for my neighbors tiny yorkie who kept spotting in the house . i heard it works really well with " gus " .
i don't know why my dog is so picky , i've tried a lot of brands and this is what she likes .
my poodle looked adorable , but it would move and then she couldn't see , i think it would fit better if she was a little bigger
this toy entertained my cat but did not last for more than a day . durability is lacking as is the case with many toys .
another of my parakeet's favorite toys ... satisfy's that chewing urge and boy does he chew this one ... well made and worth the price ! ! !
this product is not extreme and does not last long . this is my most disappointing dog toy purchase to this day .
i'm not a big fan of using chemicals in a saltwater tank but this is one that definitely works and i did not experience any negative side effects thosefishgeeks.com
our service dog and 2 other dog eat baneful and this dog is better for dogs and i would recommend this product to anyone
good choice good toy well made my three love it so they each have to have one . it's pretty good for puppies as well .
since i go thru these a lot , i don't spend the big bucks . so this is just fine for the money .
i don't have to have my dogs teeth cleaned as often . it is much cheaper than buying from my vet .
good quality storage container but i wish the top opened completely to make getting the dog food out easier with my measuring cup .
my dogs only used it half the time and its kind of a pain to clean . also smaller then i thought it would be .
powdery product with intense smell but leaves residue . expensive given the portion in the can and likely will not reorder as there are better products on the market .
when mixed two to one with the non pull tab flaked tuna , they lick the plate . it seems to be pretty gosh darned good !
this is a great set for dogs . each bone is a different hardness , and different flavor . he loves all of them .
as a treat for good behavior these are probably better for smaller dogs lol . they are tiny ! ! but the dogs love them .
my corgi loves everything fruitables ! this product smells so good , and i'm glad it's made in the usa !
works great for watering . smaller size requires more frequent filling , but the guinea pigs should have fresh water anyhow . would recommend .
this is a good toy ... my pitbull pup actually loves it . it also works really well for a round of tug-o-war .
the size of this mat keeps the litter on the mat and not ground down into the carpet or scattered across the floor .
he really did ... it was a good toy for him while it lasted though . he went nuts trying to get the squirrels out lol
i bought this a few years ago and it still looks and works great . i do not use it very heavily though .
this is a good product and keeps my little cat occupied for a while throughout the day.its worth the money .
was not happy with the the durablite of the bone . this did not last a day , there were purple pieces everywhere .
perfect ... my dog loves them and they are just the right size to last him a while ... keeps his teeth nice and white
this toy makes the woody woodpecker ha ha ha ha ha noise whenever it is squeezed . it really makes me smile when my dogs play with it .
cheaply made . if i allowed my dog to have 5 min with it the thing would be earless and hoofless .
i'll keep the gross out of my review but let's just say every dog and cat owner needs this for the occasional and not so occasional accident .
all 3 cats seem to prefer the grilled products which has a minimum amount of gravy . i mix in cooked chicken .
thinner than a pencil which is great for tiny breeds . my maltipoos consumed these no odor sticks in under 10 mins so this will be my last purchase .
the important thing is whether my rabbit like them and he did , each time i give him a stick , he always eats it enthusiastically .
brody my great dane is kind of picky he hated the yak milk treats made of hard chesse , but he went nuts for these
perfect for my westie puppy ! will definitely get the larger one once she outgrows this one . great price and it looks comfortable !
this item is cute and i do like it but it is smaller than i had expected . wish it was bigger .
would highly recommend this and other canidae / felidae products for a more nutritious meal for your pet , my cat absolutely loved it !
this is good food . my bunny loves this stuff . this is a good price , cheaper than my pet store . will buy again .
my dogs love chewing on bones . the bones seem cheap . but they love the inside and typically lick it out quickly .
my puppy is a ferocious chewer . these balls have stood up to her chewing attempts . they are very bouncy and the dog loves chasing them .
this is a warm , thick hoodie that looks cute because it looksjust like a human hoodie . keeps my dog warm .
alfie's skin hasn't been this good in years . thanks to dr . christy for the recomendation . alfie is back to his old self .
this bowl is about 11 inches around . great for my retriever . nice and roomy for his face ! sturdy and will last a long time . stainless
love these products . they don't set off my asthma , and they work ! i recommend to anyone who has pets ( or old funky house smell )
i'm on my third package of these and my betta always seems very happy with them . one package will last a couple months .
easy to use , the cats like it and so i like it ! i would recommend to a friend or other cat owner .
happy that this cleared up my kitty's issues in just one dose ... very happy with product and would buy again ...
not messy , dogs love it and healthy ingredients . it makes a good " dessert " after their dinner . they eagerly expect one .
the two dogs i bought these for both destroyed their toys within 2 minutes :( not worth the money for 2 minutes of entertainment .
these are great piddle pads for the price . i have tried many more expensive brands and these work just as well .
my plants seem to do better and havent died yet . but i havent used anything else , so i guess it could just be luck ?
i bought this for my pug , who loved it ! he had it down to the plastic part by the end of the first day .
i attached this to my dogs leash and i am never without bags to dispose of the dogs waste . works well has stood up to being draggged .
i'm very glad i can get this in very large quantities and use as needed by weight for all my pets . saves money and is very effective .
however ... if i do not have the bottle handy , he will bark . but as soon as he sees the bottle he will quiet down .
i have used natural balance for my cats for many years . they love this flavor and eat it up eagerly whenever i pop a can open !
daisy my cat likes this product so i will purchase more in the future as long as she continues to eat it .
at least my cats love it ! i give them some appetizer along with the regular food . they eat it like there was no tomorrow .
had great hopes for this - - - however , it never bloomed . disappointing because i wanted to give my " babies " something they would enjoy .
my dog is 14lbs and this leash does the trick , it is strong enough to hold her back when she try's to break away .
the rope was pulled out of the ball immediately and was left as a raveled mess in the floor . disappointed .
loved this products in all flavors , my puppy loves to have this treat and will spend hours licking if you let him !
it works exactly as it should , very gentle on my kitty's eyes and removes their eye crusties with no hassle .
i like this very much for my cat . she enjoys it and i feel it is good nutrition at a very reasonable price .
i mix the stew with crunchy food and my dog loves it . plus there's a variety so i don't feel like he's bored with his foodl
i have a yorkie and he looks great in it it is very well made and should last a long time .
i found this to be really hard to adjust and it just didn't ever fit well . it's good quality but poor design ( in my opinion ) .
exactly as described.my parrots cannot be out of this food for 1 second.they love it , and they are very healthy , happy birdies .
i actually need to order a new one , he's had this one for several months and has " loved " it nearly to death .
sharp , sturdy , easy to use ... clipping nails isn't fun , but this at least makes the job as easy as it can get .
it's not unusual to see all three kitties surrounding this toy watching the mouse , once up in awhile pouncing on it .
very happy with the product and the company i feel very comfortable giving this to my gs dog and he likes it too
i got this for my mice because i needed more tubes and this was the perfect amount , and at a great price
our dogs love these jerky treats . they like how crunchy they are . one of them will sit by the container waiting for snack time .
large , sturdy scoop . works very well with my litter of choice and sturdy enough i think it'll last for awhile .
gift to family member who will only feed her dog natural treats and the dog ate them up ! my sister loved the ingredients also .
i'm not sure it really worked for my dog but i have heard that it can be effective for some dogs . it was worth a try .
i bought this for my cat box she wasnt going in her regular one after the move , and she actually loves it.worked out great !
this works ok , hard to shake out the liter in it but sure helps to keep the stray kitty liter in its place .
my priority with any treat is whether my dog likes it or not . she's particular . she enjoyed the product very much .
these are extremely annoying to clean . and you will have to clean it because they will piss and poo in it
works great if you can find it . use in conjunction with the original maracyn for best results . it doesn't seem to have any serious side effects .
good product , my fish were happy with this food , has good amount of hatching brine shrimp , i recommend this product and would buy
i bought this for my westie who seems to have food allergies . she likes it very much and her itchy skin looks to be clearing up .
recommended by my vet and my 12yr old jack russell and 13yr old pomeranian are doing great on it . great price will continue to buy .
not too expensive , but great ingredients for my dog . i have been using canidae for years , and would not switch .
it's much better than some of the training treats since it doesn't have a strong scent and isn't gooey , sticky or melts .
i was having a hard time attaching my dog's name tag and other tags to her collar . this little clip is exactly what i needed !
after using it for over ten years i have to stop . it's too hard in the package for my small dog to chew . dessicant doesn't help .
not durable enoughmy dog tore the seam in less than 3 hoursbut won't take the squeaker out ok product just not mean for my og
the little lip around the edge keeps water and kibble off the floor , just like it should . it works great .
this is great for both dogs and cats . we've used on both and there was no signs of fleas the next day
allowed a substantial amount of hose for easy-hookup to a 45 gallon aquarium to keep fish during winter months . thanks
my puppy loves this toy stuffed with a treat . he then plays with it for long periods of time . it bounces .
i only rated this a 4 because it didn't last the 30 days it said it should last . it was helpful in calming my cat though .
but man , does it work using it to scare the crap out of friends when my cat lands on their heads while chasing this laser .
my cats love these treats . :) and all i have to do is shake the pack , and they come running .
it was cracked down the center . the product wrapper was peeled off and crumbs fell out . the crumbs got all over
my cat played with this a little bit here and there nothing spectacular but he likes it i guess . he losses interest with this
same as at pet store and fits in the standard size holders . nothing special but easier than driving to the store .
i had to put the feed setting on the lowest setting or it would over feed . i also had to limit it to once a day .
my two doxies love these chew bones ; and it keeps them occupied for at least an hour or so ; great price as well !
perfect size for my little ones and it holds the moisture well . i keep a plastic runner underneath as well for added protection .
blue buffalo has a superior dog food . i feel confident when using it that my dog is getting high quality food .
this is the only food i can or will feed my two bulldogs other wise their allergies and gas is unbearable .
love how easy to clean this brush is ! makes me want to brush the cat more often .
my dog loves these and since she is an aggressive chewer it's nice they last more than 60 seconds !
a very high-quality product . there are lots of learning materials so that you adjust it correctly . being pink helps people know she is a girl .
my kitties love this sprinkled on top of their meals . i call it my " magic dust . " very highly recommend it !
these treats are the perfect size for training as you can carry many in your pocket . the dogs love them , and i will be buying more .
yeah the kits love this . it smells cleaner than the walmart / petco crap for sure . no idea if that means anything though.cant smoke it , btw .
too soft and easy to puncture with dog teeth . it was suggested to me and i expected regular kong material .
my bird had a blast with this one . fun colors and shapes . there was a slight mildew smell but it faded quickly .
these might be my pup's favorite treat . roasted pigs ears in natural juices makes for a welcomed treat . munched down in record time .
they like these toys to swat around the house , they also chew them so i'm guessing the cats like :-)
completely dissolves in the aquarium , doesn't cloud the water , and doesn't harm the healthy fish . good price ... much better than the local pet stores .
my dogs love it . the really focus on getting the treat out . they don't like to play with it unless the treats are in it .
this is the best brush for my german shorthaired pointer . his coat is beautiful , shiny and clean . he looks healthier and the house is cleaner ! :)
this is a great product if you have a pet and as always it is cheaper to buy in bulk
we have not seen any success in using this product . we will be using the product until it is empty but will not order it again .
my kitty runs through it like a crazy cat , and peers through it at times . it's worth the $ $ and very crinkly .
a great toy that allows your cats to hunt and catch their prey without stuffing allover the house ! highly recommended , great price , awesome product ! ! !
saves on buying disposable pads , easy to wash , can even use bleach and they don't fade . we bought two to cover our whole couch .
very entertaining for our new kitten , even our older cats love it . keeps them active for hours . very sturdy too
great salt mix never had fluctuating levels corals and fish were kept pretty healthy . tried io but nothing compares to this .
just love this reusable filter for drinkwell 360 for our kitty's flowing water dish , it's so easy to use and costs less that the disposable filters ! !
very helpful for my dog . clean ingredient list . gave it for carpal pain from an injury . well tolerated for a dog with a very sensitive stomach .
miley our new puppy love this as makes crackly sounds . she wants to chew on everything great toyalso like the cloth that she can care the toy ..
use it every day for my rottweiler . it hangs comfortably around her neck and i can walk her effortlessly because she will no longer pull .
all four of our cats love this one flavor . this is so unusual to have all four crazy about one type of treat .
we love this food . the dog enjoys it and it is healthier than other options . we do mix it with dry food .
all the cats in our family love all of the yeowww products and that's speaking for 7 kittys . i highly recommend .
i tried four different brands of puppy pee pads and this one worked the best and is hands down the best value i could find at the time .
works rather well , made very well , looks as if that it is indestructible . easy to twist off & fill , occupies dog for quite some time .
great value for this item good quality very good price i look fordrd to shopping with them again . .
i used one whole diffuser and saw no differents in my cats . i think this is a marketing ploy and would recommend you save your money .
these are good strong nail clippers and do the job of clipping those thick claw of my german shepherd :) .
my cats love it and it is easy to keep clean and does not tip over too easily . good pet bowl . great price .
my big dogs make quick work of these ... i usually give them as we settle down in bedroom and they expect the routine .
i have used this for years for flees and ticks . we go camping alot and have never had a problem with ticks on our dog .
it holds the right amount of food for my poodle and it is easy to clean . greatest dog dish i ever owned
my cats love this fountain , its the best ever , they drink lots more now.every cat owner should have one , wish i would have bought it sooner .
was concerned at first thought it might be to rough for my dogs teeth she seems to like it and it seems to clean her teeth
my cats liked these mice at first but quickly lost interest in them . oh well , you never know what cats are going to like .
these bags are perfect for adding additional filter medium . i use them for crushed coral . i have purchased these bags a couple of times now .
i fell for the false advertising of this product . it is ineffective and didn't do anything for my dogs . big disappointment as well
my cats love this-they play with it and throw it up in the air and run after it and roll around on it.it comes with a generous refill of catnip
they eat it , do not vomit or , have seizures , tremors , bleeding from the mouth or gum , impotence or diarrhea . dogs like it .
works perfectly and is long enough for my dog to roam around and play with the kids . our front yard doesn't have a fence so we use this .
i liked the results , only wish these breed id kits weren't so costly . i would use them more often . i
my dog loved all the flavors . the vet felt it was ok . thank you for offering a wide selection of flavors at a great price .
my pom loves these greenies . she is very small and has choked on other green chews , but these she never has . greattreet
i use these with the booda dome litter box pan . the pan is round and these fit perfectly and they are thick enough not to tear thru ..
my dogs love these it's good for thier teeth , i give it to them asa treat i will order this again . cheaper than at vets office .
my cats love these , this is our first experience with dabird items and my 12 cats had a blast lastnight , and they slept like babies , lol ..
this kit fit perfectly in our rabbit cage . it's so much easier that he jumps in their to do his thing . clean up is a breeze !
these are the best on the market in quality and taste . no sodium nitrites ! and all my dogs love ' em !
did the job cat is worm free after 1 tablet . made my cat foam a bit in the mouth though .
i purchased the large and it's a bit large for my 12 lb maltipoo but i enjoy watching her tackle it .
the last time i'll buy a polyester anything . this was so cute i couldn't resist but the polyester just pills and looks terrible after short use .
it was great for a few months and lasted longer then mostof the puppy toys ... the puppies really enjoyed them ..
this saved my back ! it makes cleaning up after my dogs and keeping my lawn land mine free a breeze !
pair with a good red output bulb for a nice , crisp freshwater aquarium build ! a must have for any planted freshwater tank !
this is a great treat for my dogs , who have intolerance to grains in their food . they love this which makes us all happy .
not too loud but is there such a thing as a " quiet pump ? " . glad ai paid a few bucks more than the cheaper pumps
great ! huge quantity , nice shavings with a good size and consistency . my hedgehog loves these shavings and they will last forever . this bag is huge !
these kong toys are the only things my dog wont destroy . they usually last alot longer than most toys but the rubber are still the best .
very small and easy to use . they stay moist . dog loves them . very good product . thanks to cardinal labs for these .
my dogs just beg for these . and cant deem to get enough of them.they are priced ok and last .
my dog is a working dog and she loves wearing this when we go on long hikes . perfect for treats , collapsible bowls and dog food .
these are great pads and the price is awesome ... i have paid double for some just like this in the past
it's certainly isn't a sedative but it does calm folks down a bit - folks being the cats in this situation .
worms , tapeworms , lung worm , great item look at the uses for this item the cats use the dog version of this item
great value lasts twice as long as other x-large pads . took some while visiting my brother in law . now his dogs use them .
not super absorbent and they smell funny , not in a good way . i've always liked anything with arm & hammer , but these fall short .
this is awesome , just hook it up to your hose and spray down the concrete . simple and affective along with free ( prime ) shipping .
well , they eat it . found a 40 lb bag of pig and rabbit pellets ( nog this brand ) at tractor supply for $ 10
boo and cassi will not eat this cat food . i really wanted them to but they seem to only flaked cat food .
my pit bull had the ball torn off this in about 5 minutes and then proceeded to chew the handle off the rope . not for aggressive chewers !
i've been investing into grooming my dog at home and the clippers work terrific to cut the hair off my dog .
my clown loaches love these so much that they eat them right out of my fingers ! good quality and consistency in this product .
this is so much easier when it comes to knots . the comb seems sturdy enough and the knots glide through the spinning pins.wish it was a bit larger .
was great toy for kitty ... too bad my very bad minpin stole it . she loved it too . could've been cheaper , but nice toy .
my dogs love this stuff and i will just have to take their word for it . i don't want to taste it to find out .
i use this biscuit for putting the puppy into his kennel at night . the puppy needs to have adult teeth to chew these .
this is the best training clicker i've used . bought one for my dog years ago still works perfectly . stay away from those $ . 99 bone ones .
perfect ... now only if i can keep my larger dog from eating the container . nice size for my smaller dogs food .
the dog does seem to like it , but it's really not achieving the desired weight management part . we're switching her food to something else .
my pitbull likes these treats so i can't complain . i haven't necessarily looked at the nutritional value but they seem to be pretty healthy .
this is an okay product . my dog would refuse to spray anything into her mouth , but i manage with a little resistance .
we've been using since last summer season , getting nice / good results , it works great . strongly recommended , mainly during hot periods of day / night ...
these are an evening snack for alfie . they are put in a ball and he has to work for them . but he doesn't seem to mind .
i have westies that have allergies . this shampoo helps with the itching and an added bonus is that it smells great .
this brand is for my finicky eaters . the stores in my area have stopped carrying the brand and i make sure the pantry is stocked for them .
never thought it would work but was really surprised that my dog was calmer ! a simple solution to my dog's anxiety .
this was for the local cat shelter ... apparently they love this food ! they specifically asked for this kind of food ! thanks !
i have 7 cats and 4 litter boxes . i read about these on amazon and thought i would try it . it works .
i am very pleased with this product ! no fleas , no ticks and is much less expensive than frontline . highly recommend !
excellent product that i give to my dogs on a daily basis . will order again since when the need is there .
my cats love it and i do too . i like merrick's products in general and this particular brand is a good buy .
gets very messy when my cat uses it so a bunch of bits and pieces of cardboard are all around my room every day .
this is my dog's favorite . it keeps his teeth clean and he loves the taste of it . one a day !
it works well , but it runs out to fast . i had it for less then a month and i need to get more .
this harness was made well but without a neck adjustment it either fits or does not fit . needs adjustable neck .
i love these , my cats have no problems with them and they fit great . they are super cute and everyone asks if i've painted their nails ! !
my dog looks quite dashing in his leash and matching collar . i've gotten some compliments on this . great quality , happy customer .
these are great for my dog . he enjoys them . we humans are " mentally " affected by the color-but i will buy them again
good thinning shears , however they were a little small for my big dog with a great amount of hair .
for the price , great value ! easy to assemblei do recommendshipping freeeasy , secure locknot much more to say
ever give your dog pepperoni ? know how freaky she gets ? she'll do the same for greenies . and her breath will be better .
i would really like my dogs to use these instead of rawhide chews ( can't leave rawhide outside ) , but i can't get them interested in them .
my dog loves this ball . he has others but this is his favorite . i have bought this ball here several times and am satisfied
my dog seems to like it , i hope it does something for cleaning her teeth , but she likes it a lot .
this product is great and has definitely decreased the amount of hair my dog sheds . i have used it twice and i already see a difference .
the clip that open & closes these jars doesn't always work for me when closing them . i don't think it's worth the price .
our dog was hesitated to play with it at the beginning , then he enjoyed it.very good toy , well designed and it comes with a spare one too .
great for snails . has lots of calcium to keep shells healthy . they last a really long time as well and doesn't seem to cloud my tanks .
this product leaves a sticky filmy residue . it doesn't seem to work well . the smell is not great either . not impressed
it's inexpensive and does the job of 2 wormer's at the same time . i raise shih tzu and yorkies and it is great and safe .
cute little bowls for my puppy rottie . perfect size for a puppy . will have to get a bigger one eventually tho .
this is a very good quality leash for the price . comfortable in hand and very strong.four more words needed .
useful for recycled bottles - puppy loved to make the sound while biting and running around.strongly recommended for fun play fetch .. superb product
this dog food has been well received by my little 5 lb toy fox terrier . she is doing well on it ...
this comb really gets that undercoat out ! my old guy is slightly slacking in his grooming routine so using this at least once a week helps him tremendously !
very pretty and durable collar for my puppy ! the clasp is plastic , but it is not flimsy or cheap looking . nice !
they were crumbly and , surprisingly , the dogs were fairly unexcited about them when we went to give them the treats .
she'll play with it every once in awhile but not as much as i thought she would . she likes it !
my kitties are slowing starting to use it .. i have no doubt they will all love it for their grooming ! i'm pleased with this product so far !
my boxer wont put it down . he loves that it talks . so cute ! ! ! very study and has even survived a tugging game !
bought this to clean my puppy . works good just as regular baby wipes from target . compare this to baby wipes , this is a little pricey .
this is nice scoop for a large breed animal since it is so large . it is marked every half cup . it is a nice heavey duty plastic .
this wire crate works very well with the coordinating cover . i suggest getting a nice pad / mat because the plastic tray seemed a bit uncomfortable .
this smells fabulous and is wonderful like all earthbath products . it made my havanese puppy's soft and luxurious as it is a pure and healthy product .
my puppy loves them ! they do stink like a barnyard . i would recommend if you want your dog to eat them outdoors !
while these are pretty damn expensive , they do offer treats without extra crap and with real nutrition . i've never met a cat who doesn't love these .
my little dog always went up the road with anyone walk there now i show her it and she stays
not much to say about this other than it's really great smelling ; fresh and not at all obnoxious as some of the other scented sprays can be .
not the greatest treat in the world . they didn't like them and that's saying a lot . . . . .
this product keeps my cat entertained for a long time . special treats work best and not just regular cat food
use this in my litter box area and it really works great and smells wonderful . it has absolutely helped to reduce the litter box smell .
it works really well for a bigger dog . not for a small breed ! i would recommend to a friend for dog 20 pounds plus !
excellent except i had to remove the flap it scared my cat . it is large enough for an 18 pound cat .
smooth transaction--much easier than driving 30 miles to purchase , then having to haul it home . of course the dogs love the food .
can't say that it was a miracle for the allergic dog , but she sure does like it as an additive in her dinner .
my puppies really like these treats ! they are great for training , however my pups are very stubborn . they smell great and they love them !
dosing as instruction once a week , in the next 2 weeks you will see a huge different . my tank now looks like a jungle ! ! !
works very well . durable and sturdy so the user can apply ample pressure to remove even heavily built up tartar .
it works just great on our cats and so much better than what we were using . thank you and have a nice day
these are intended to help with uti's . i can't speak to whether it makes a difference for uti's but the dog enjoys them !
my dogs just loves these treats ! he gets one every night before bedtime . i usually buy two of the 72 count pouches at a time .
my dog ripped this apart in no time , she's 70lbs and loves tug . not for her maybe a smaller breed
my pet is still in the process of getting used to it . i am sure in time he will like it .
excellent system . has worked extremely well for my two retrievers . both can be stubborn , but respond really well to the wireless containment system by petsafe .
these are just the right size for small dogs . the emzymes in the chews have really helped keep their teeth clean .
works well and cleanly cuts the nail . easy to use and has a good grip on it , great color too .
very handy and useful to clean the pioneer pet water fountain for cats . a good size and not hard to store until needed .
we have been very pleased with this product for both our dogs and our cats . product works well and is reliable .
zoey loves this toy . she has not destroyed it . made a great christmas gift at the time she was only 5 months old .
this item did not work for my dog . he is ten years old and may be too old to help . it may work better on younger dogs .
it was ok i was trying to not have to go to store to drag it homebut it was just ok nothing great
this is a nicely made harness , it fits a little tight for my dogs that's 14lbs . i know that he is secure in the harness .
can't go wrong with milk-bone . good price . our dogs seem very pleased . will definitely be a repeat customer for this product .
attached easily to the dog leash and definitely provides some security knowing any cars will be able to spot my dark colored dog while on late night walks .
this is a good product . it's very sharp and easy to use . altho clipping a 4 month puppy can be trying sometimes . lol
for hot summer rains this is perfect . purchased small for two shitzu's . they don't get as hot as with heavier raincoats . very cute .
our two little girls know where to sit down to get their treats . they love them , i know they are good for them .
very nice comb to use on my doodle and poodle . goes through thick curly coats without scratching or pulling . nice weight and nice to hold .
didn't realize how small it was and had to send it back . would be good for teacup size dogs .
these are very neat . no messing around with charcoal separately . this keeps the water clean for about 2 months . great !
my little dog pulls like crazy when i take him for walks , but with the harness i'm not afraid of him choking himself .
my cats are 17years old , and always trying something to help them digest food . they enjoyed this product and seemed to do okay
my baby girl mastiff was having utis as a result of her spaying . this in conjunction with her hormonal supplement have cleared up the problem for her !
for such a simple device , this item remains one of the most popular toys for any cat to use regardless of breed .
my dog wouldn't eat these , so they are just going to waste . another dog might like them , however . but a poor purchase for me .
this was helpful in removing the stain and scent of cat urine on the carpet . my vet recommended it to me .
a big improvement over the galvanized ones that rust . it's easy to fill and carry.my " hens " and i are very pleased .
good price , and the dogs love them , but the squeakers come out after about 5 minutes of play by dalmatian .
keeps the ball python warm as a bug in a rug . he's happy so i'm happy . he moves around depending on what temp he requires .
my pug gets skin infections from allergies . i use davis chlorhexidine shampoo , spray and wipes when she shows symptoms , and she is doing extremely well !
nice quality bowls . look good in picture pretty colors too love the law design and the quality of the biwk
my dog lkes to spin around and walk in circles while she is looking forher " spot " so much easier to have this sort of leash .
it is the second kind of can covers i buy and these fit perfectly a regular dog food can.now i'm happy !
suprisingly ( thanfully ) easy to assemble . nice quality and the cats love it . best one ive seen for the price .
it's self explanatory , this is a net . nothing is wrong with it , nothing is special about it . just a net !
my two dogs adore greenies ! this seemed to be the best place & price i found online . very quickly shipped too .
i didn't see any difference with the use of this product . it didn't help with the problem with my cat .
we take care of and feed 5 cats . i have never seen them respond so much to any food .
nylabone is still the best option if you want a great dog chew toy without the splinter dangers of real bones or a mess on your furniture and floors .
this bowl helps prevent splashes and drips . it is also easy to pick up and refill . keeps your dog from getting thirsty !
subscribe & save - - getting a case a month . the ability to order the fancy feast line in bulk is a real convenience .
this caddy has a hook on the back which easily attaches to my natures miracle litter box . and it is very easy to clean .
this bed is great , and a really good price ! ! it washes up so well , and is soft and warm for my puppy .
great little harness , fits nice , comfy . size large fits my 16 lb dog great . looks fabulous . pretty durable . would purchase again .
elvina and fella split a can of some variety of fussie cat every evening . they both love their evening treat .
great leash for starting to work on the transition to off leash work with my lab puppy . solidly made product .
if you need to keep your dogs mouth and gums clean and healthy , this will easily do the job . my dog looks forward to this treat !
i bought this leash to match the leopard dog collar and it is just as good looking and durable . the fabric is also heavy enough to resist tangling .
starts silent , but after a day or two is louder that a standard wheel . . . . . .
i was so surprised that my 2 kittens didn't care to play with it at all . i thought they would just love it .
my four cats were not crazy about this cat food . it may have been the flavor . will not purchase again .
this mat really helps with the mess that my cat loves to leave after his meals . it's big and wide . easy to clean and very affordable .
very well made collar ... soft , yet strong . the martingale design gives you the best of both worlds between a traditional choke collar and a regular collar .
i haven't found anything better than zuke's . my border collie will open doors ( and close them ) just to get a zuke's treat .
i thought this would be great for my cats but all of them choked on the dry papery texture ! i do not recommend
these salmon treats are one of the very few mypicky standard poodle likes . reasonably pricedand apparently yummy !
when the dogs get a bit puny , have a cold , bug , etc . , this sure seems to help quite a bit .
my english bulldog loves these iams tartar treats better than the green ones . these are so hard to find in the local stores .
got this to help my dog with her itchy skin tags . it is a lot easier to use the the bag balm and she is more comfortable .
not only are these bags expensive but they rip constantly ! almost every other bag for me . frustrating . will not buy again .
donated to small animal rescue organization so that these dogs can play and have fun while waiting for their forever homes .
i love how its so easy to use and i love it . so much thank yyou very much . take care
these eliminate odor very well . i wish there were more length in each cartridge , but they are great at eliminating odor .
i got this because it hold more water and was cheaper than the pet mate one . the plastic is thinner and the bowel more shallow but works great .
this is my second scoop free cat litter box and i am a big fan of this system , my cat loved it too .
good value for the buck . this conditioner last a long time too . you only need a tiny bit for each gallon of water
was not pleased with this product so i sent it back . this was the first time that i ever sent anything back .
the retraction is absolutely as advertised , and it is extremely handy ! it is very sufficient at self cleaning ! very good product .
this is a great product that really works well . one of my cats prefers the emery board to the scratching post that i have .
this dish is heavy so it doesn't slide around when my dog is trying to lick the last little morsel . it is a good quality ceramic .
this is the most awesome harness for my sadie . she is the the cutest . along with a pink bow she looks like a princess .
they love it but i don't becaus it's too small and gets lost under things . all the yeowww toys are wonderful because the catnip is so powerful .
i have been buying this for a few years , now , to keep my babies regulated . they like the taste on their dry food .
i love this product . i don't get to brush their teeth so this product works well for them and me .
works great for the most advanced pill spit outter they eat these when the suck pb off and spit pills other wise
no quality product , not like the kong , i have 3 kongs , none of it breaks yet . or compare to planet dog toys .
fun colors , super portable and easy to travel with . the " height " is adjustable . highly recommended . bought the lime green one .
my cats seem to like it just fine.it seems well made . i haven't had it long enough to comment on it's durability .
i love the halo brand for both the vegan and salmon foods ! rich and yummy for my pups !
great quality . guaranteed product ( lupine will replace - - one time - - any product that your dog chews ) . flexible and strong .
this would be a good chew toy , except my dog has huge paws and can't hold this 8 " tall bone to chew .
seems to be doing the job . haven't found any unwanted freeloaders like ticks , fleas or even flies hanging around my dogs .
this is the perfect splash guard for my cat water dish which is actually a green frog spitting out water . cat's love the stream of water .
this soft sphere is easy to fill with goodies , and our puppy loves chewing on it or chasing it even when it is empty . a real favorite !
this is a nice bowl , big size , tall and non-slip . i would recommend this for dogs that are eager eaters .
covers the can , goes on easily , washes easily , keeps the dog food fresh , pretty colors - what's not to love ?
did not work for me perhaps just my dog but sent it back for refund don't really recommend this product
i like the idea that the product can be taken orally . it was easy to feed to the dog . she seemed to like the taste .
our bichon dogs love these . the breed is known for allergies and the limited ingredients help to minimize allergy reaction issues .
feather is not attached securely enough and comes undone too soon . once it's broken it's not as good anymore even if you attempt to fix it .
great toy for you medium dog . it is a little awkward to play with but she runs around with it squeaking and have a great time .
these are fun toys--nothing spectacular but my furry boys love them and bat them around and i don't trip on them because they light up !
even though my cat for some reason didnt eat these pouches , they stand behind thier product and gave me a full refund . customer service was awesome .
i don't know what it is , but my guys don't get too excited about this stuff . get the chicken if you have picky eaters .
so far i've only given him the clear one but he loves chewing on it and often carries it around . it has his seal of approval !
the dogs all love these , they keep them busy for some time and i know they are good for them .
only one entrance or exit , but it is roomy and sturdy . don't tell me i need 9 more words or i'll never rate another item .
my dogs love it i highly recommend these treats all natural and great for dental cleaning and also they smell great
i feed my crickets this and they live a very long time . my crickets live a very long time and they seem to love it
washable training pads . wash well and last forever ! definitely worth the price . use one nightly under a seizure dog and it's absolutely perfect for that !
great for my little chewer . i rotate his toys and he always gets excited and spends a lot of time with this .
this is a great product and my dogs love the treats . at a wonderful price . and having them shipped to my home is great .
sophie picks at this food . i had high hopes for it because the quality is great , but she is a cat so what can i say .
this is a very durable toy . it maintains it consistency , through multiple uses . for hard mouthed dogs , i highly recommend the kong ball ! ! !
when i switched from puppy food to adult didn't think she was going to eat it , but now she loves it .
there was nothing wrong with the shipping , or the actual quality of the product . it just wasn't what i thought it was and could not use it .
i really like this product from hikari . it makes a good substitute for for feeding your predator fish and alternative to live food without the risk of parasites .
this isn't my cats favorite but they still seem to eat it without to much angst on their part . probably will look for smaller cans from now on .
good for liter training small pups . fits nicely in iris dog playpen . locks hold pads securely in place . easy to clean .
this is great for my collie's coat . the douxo maintenance , not so good , too much perfume and quite sticky , but this particular shampoo is great .
trufully i do not know if i like this product or not , because i have not used it yet . hopefully it works
the quality of these bags is just as good as those at petco and they are just 1/10 th the price . perfect buy !
we love this brand of food and now that amazon offers it on subscribe and save how can you beat it . we will buy over and over again .
uesd bayer for years , never a problem , no fleas or ticks , no side effects , tried other brands , not the same at any price
i love this food . it last forever and the tiny fish can eat it quickly before the big fish steal it all .
my cats really enjoyed this toy and my dog even plays with it . it is very durable so the cost is worth it .
i could not get her to eat this without peanut butter . no change was seen . i really don't see me reordering .
i love this product ! my kitty loves it too ! he knows its his ! the high shield sides make less mess less clean up !
great utility bag . we obviously use it for dog training . lots of pockets , water resistant , easy to use . pretty much indispensable for obedience school .
i would purchase this product again , however the powder needs to be left on the carpet until completely dry or it will gum up the vacuum for awhile .
need these for the petmate water fountain . they work well . glad i could find them here at a good price .
my dogs love there sweaters . i have bought 5 . worth the price . comfy , cozy , and warm . these sweaters wash well and don't shrink .
this catnip is the one for my cats , who really perk up when the jar comes out . other brands have met lukewarm reception before this .
okay on the disinfecting . not so good on the deodorizing . i would not buy this again . i have used better products in the past .
many canister filters require a small amount of bio balls to fill a tray or slot . this product allows a great diversity of uses at a reasonable cost .
dog will not eat it . she absolutely does not like it . she is a picky eater . great price though for the food .
our puppy thoroughly enjoys working to get her food . and this one twists apart so it's easy for us to fill . highly recommended !
my dogs seem to be able to digest these little biscuits better than other kinds and they are small so i can treat them more often .
i use this product diluted for my daily brush out of my havanese and it makes the job sooo much easier ! love this product .
not very durable , but once your dog rips the strings out , it's fun for fetch . zukes treats fit nicely inside the one cone part as well .
my cat can no longer eat a lot of crunchy food due to age , so these treats are perfect for in between soft cat food feedings .
these are great and my dog loves them . a bit expencive but she is worth the money and no fillers added !
keeps his food up higher so he doesn't have to bend all the way down . i think it's easier for him to eat and drink .
my dogs anyway . easy to tear in half to make them last longer and no mess to carry around in your pocket .
our cats enjoy eating this food and it has allowed one of our cats to lose weight without depriving her of food .
i was interested to see how this works and was surprised at how well this worked ! it empties the water fast !
bought also in green , seems to prefer , but good bounce and toss toy . i like it , even if it's not his favorite .
this is priced right and just works well . the stream of bubbles is small and gives the tank a nice touch .
fits the jumbo kennel perfectly . easy to clean . easy to take out for travel . can't beat the price . highly recommend .
maybe my dog just has a thing against bees but the bees were ripped apart in no time whereas the hide-a-squirrels continue to provide enjoyment .
i bought this along with some catnip and toys . my cat loves it ! he received it this morning for christmas and hasn't stopped playing with it since !
my dog loves it and didn't tear it up in 20 minutes . well worth ordering online-it is much cheaper . great for big dogs .
great treats , good deal , vet recommends them . my two pomeranians love them . i will continue to buy these . good amt too .
these seem the same to me as the ones at the pet store , although the dog is not as enthusiastic about them as the ones i buy locally .
a bit light and flimsy feeling , but i suppose you get what you pay for . i would recommend this for medium to small dogs .
have purchased numerous dishes through the past 20 + years . these by far are the finest . perfect size , well balanced and extremely sturdy .
i'm not using these in any critical setup as they are plastic and seems to be on the cheap side.the price was good .
my collie still itched a little after using the shampoo so i had to waste more money and buy advantage flea and ticks medicine which really worked more effectively .
my two cats love it , i love the hidden compartment for the catnip . they enjoy batting it around together and alone
this quilt really did a great job of keeping the hair away from the carpet floor in my suv . my dog liked the material !
they do their job , and even though i don't like buying them over and over , it is better than cleaning the litter box all the time .
our 6 month old puppy loves this ring . it has lasted for over a week now with minimal damage . it is great !
great ! i have used this product for my cat for several years and she is very fussy , it is perfect ! ! !
the cat litter is biodegradable and can be flushed down the toilet but the best part was the price and it was delivered on prime .
so happy wellness makes a grain free treat for pups . our pup loves these treats , we use them for training and as a healthy reward alternative
as peviously stated with other dog bones , this is long gone for ou lab retriever devours them in no time .
i have a toyota tacoma and this does not fit on the center console without squishing it in between the seats .
this is perfect for my dogs . very high quality and easy for them to move . perfect length . highly recommended ! great price and product .
my dog was eager to try these . unlike other snacks , i limit her to one only . she threw up after eating twol
great price , nice wide size , covers repticare infrared heater bulb well , works well weeks later . i would highly recommend product .
i have a very large and tall dog.it allows for great control.good for training on lead . i like product .
did not alleviate my pomeranian's ( believe it to be allergy related ) sinus congestion at all . not even a little . even after doubling the dose .
was a little concerned that it came apart so easy but it gets the job done with a great price .
my dog won't really let me get to her teeth but she does like the taste of this tooth paste ! !
this did the trick . i really like the taller dome and the bigger one isn't necessary unless you have to have more than 100 watts .
i like the fit and colors of this collar . i also love that lupine has a strong product guarantee . great style and great price !
great product ! has a nice scent , but not strong enough to bother my mil's extremely sensitive nose . and it works !
the cats are picky and they wanted variety . i chose this brand because it offered the seafood they love and gravy which they loved too .
great to connect the laundry sink faucet to the python hose without having to unscrew . just snap on and snap off .
very good and easy for me to refill .. i am in a power wheelchair and it is quite handy . i would recommend it !
my siamese kitten enjoys sleeping on it , even bats the toy . was very easy to put together . and it was shipped to me promptly .
so cute ! the belt is long even after i've adjusted it . this was my puppy's first jacket . unfortunately , he got too big for it .
i'm saving this for when my pooch needs a new chew toy , but i'm pretty sure he'll enjoy the style .
this is a great product.it is fleece lined which makes it so much more comfortable for my piggies.there is plenty of room for them to stretch out .
got this for my puppy when i first got him . it's 9 months later and i still use it when i need him on a short leash .
my dog loves this toy . i can throw it like a ball and tussle with her while we play with it
this is a very handy tool . it does the job great but tends to pull out some grass as well . i would recommend .
i bought extra batteries for my no bark collar which didn't work so i have not used the batteries and they were a waste of money .
when my dog nikki had fleas . it hasn't stopped them . the vet even said that most of these don't work .
boomer started chewing on this as soon as i hung it in his cage . i'm thinking this was a great gift for him !
this product does make my cat's breath less smelly , and amazon has it almost two dollars cheaper than the place i had first ordered it .
another great toy annabelle loves ! nice squeaky and great for tug of war with mommy with all the legs and trunk
great weight and size for our 20ish lb . beagle aussie shepherd mix and keeps her occupied for quite a while :)
even the neighbors cat come over to my house and demand i give them some .
not bad . i prefer the iq treat ball over this but it's a good substitute . my dog prefers the iq treat ball as well .
perfect size for my little bunnies toes . it doesn't make him like a nail trim any better but does help me do a better job .
we have several dogs that are now elderly and this helps them a lot . great product to use on any dog really
the cage came in record time . putting it together now that was another story.was tricky doing it alone and being 64.but i did it . thanks ! !
my cat would regurgitate like once a week cause she ate too fast , now she has totally stopped because of the bowl !
the subscription is simple and easy to manage . this is a lot cheaper than buying at walmart . this is the food my babies want to eat .
so good made my cat forget why she was so happy . this catnip is the bomb says my cat and no i'm testing the catnip .
great ... it keep my dogs teeth beautiful ... love ... love ... love this toothpaste ... great product.this was recommended andi ' m so glad i tried it ..
the user guide is very straight forward , clear and easy to operate , the color compare sheet is very easy to recognize ! highly recommended !
while this product does not cure the problem it makes it easy to at least clean up my girls face under her left eye that leaks a lot ...
i like these becouse it tells u in 2 diffrent ways in f and in c and i tells it ver accurate
an occasional squirt of this into my dog's mouth makes her breath fresh and makes it a pleasure to get wet kisses from her .
i haven't personally used this , but my cat , sweet pea dearly loves loving on it ! and grooming herself . easy to clean
i didn't notice any change in my dog when using this . the collar itself is easy enough to put on and stayed on pretty well during the month .
my golden hasn't been able to destroy this ball yet . it's a little slippery when wet , but has proven to be tough so far .
does exactally what it is supposed to do . aquaclear is a good brand filter and the media is top notch ! ! !
but for $ 7 who can complain ? a wide variety of stuff , it's alright . you won't feel like you lost money and that's always good .
great value for the money and they are the perfect size for my chihuahuas business end . they shipped quickly and i received a free dispenser as well .
ok , just a hassle to have to hold the button down in order for the dot to light up .. both my cat and i get tired ...
takes a couple days for it make a big difference . seemed to lower nitrates . didnt change the ph very much .
my doggies love these ! it keeps them entertained trying to get the treat inside . this is useful when you need to preoccupy your poochies !
very duriable ! 85 - lb still doesn't dent this thing . food comes our really really slow . more like a rattle ball . overall , very nice .
the filters work well for the pioneer raindrop fountain . it's a great product at a reasonable price , what more can i ask for ?
it looks very cute but after washing twice and even leaving in the sun to dry it still had a weird chemical smell .
i haven't used this one yet but if it works and great as my other i would recommend it to anyone who cares about their fish .
how much can you write about a dog coat conditioner ? it works , it smells good , but it's nothing to write rhapsodies about .
the spirit essences have worked very well on my temperamental , neurotic male cat . they calm him and soothe him so i will continue to use them .
this octopus seems to be holding up despite being used by a puppy . usually the stuffing comes out right away , but not with this one .
this light fits my long tank perfectly , and gives off a very blue-hued bright light for the fish the tank houses .
this is one of several ' treats ' that i alternate for my 4 ' friends ' , and they gather round each morning , waiting for their treats .
what can you say about pill pockets . the pill pockets arived quickley and it was a good price . my cat needs them
good bed for my miniature schnauzer . she likes to root around and paw at it just before laying down . the color is fine with my home decor .
this makes bathing my dog so easy ! she relaxes when i massage her with this .. =)
i was looking for something to entertain my great dane puppy , as he generally goes through chew toys immediately . this bone lasts , and keeps him busy !
my cats absolutely love this toy ! ! be sure to buy plenty of replacement mice for when the tail goes out !
we love this toy and so far it has held up very well with the dog chewing on it . squeak works awesome
well made and great toy for dogs.this was a great toy for my dog and keeps him active and engaged . good price and quality of product .
put my dog on this to keep her trim and she loves it . had no problem switching from her other food .
doesn't upset my dogs stomach and no gooiness . i subsricbed to these to have them every few months for my dog
this is the best product for spots and stains on carpet . it got out stains that no other cleaner could get out . this is a great product .
this product cleans well enough and smells good but it doesn't stop my two mini-daschunds from peeing on the same spots !
perfect ! comes off so u can wash it , huge plus ! soft and cuddly . now to get my cat to go in it . lol
this scoop is sturdy ! you know when you go in that it won't bend or break , which is great . definitely worth the money !
a solid cat toy that my 12 year old cat seems to enjoy . it keeps her entertained for some time not a bad purchase .
they do what they say they will do , dogs love them , and they are safe . what else do you need to know ?
my cats like all flavors except the ocean whitefish . both both my cats turn their nose up at that one flavor . they like the rest of them
this is a sturdy , fun toy . it is slower than most , which might be just the thing for a puppy
great for a puppy and loved by cats . so if you have both kinds of pets , i'd highly recommend this product .
the pump replacement is fine , just like the old one that lasted three years . cats are happy than their fountain is back working .
fast delivery , good price . this is our second one . the pups enjoy this to play with as well as a great teeting toy .
this is a great bone our dog loves it ! he is in service dog in training this is one of the approved toys and he thinks its great !
a nice variety of small treats . our girls love them . i have purchased these several times and am very pleased
not as fuzzy as the nice green fleece one but ok and true to size . arrived on time and is a nice color ,
this food his little carrot treats mixed in . my bunny ate all of it & didn't just go for the treats .
great for stuffing like peanut butter , dry dog food and let the puppy hunt for it and enjoy the food in levels ! puppy loves it !
i have about 4 or 5 of these and not one has failed and temp is true . set it and forget it .
mild yet effective . my dogs just love this . leaves them nice and clean with no scratching after . will reorder again .
finally a dog collar my dog hasn't figure out how to eat yet ! i definitely recommend for obsessive eaters of things .
tis went directly to the shelter , and was from their wish list . no complaints . i trust it fits their needs .
provides nitrite reading in 5 minutes . i use a 3 ml syringe and 3 drops to get almost twice as many tests out of the kit .
my cats love this toy ! chock full of catnip and a good shape with them to hold on to and kick ! : d
good product / fair price . salt is so important for aquarium health , like to have a big box on hand when i do bi-weekly water changes
good quality , according as described . very helpfull to carry my cat . the price and shiping rates are according with the product
dogs loved it for awhile ... then wanted something new . nice size . not messy . might try again later , my dogs are picky about treats !
nice and fresh water . cats are waiting in line for a drink . they want to know what took so long to get a new fountain ! !
donated it to a rescue that feed this to the adult small breeds , great balanced diet . the type for large breed is great too .
i don't give them as directed , but i like these treats , and my boys seem to like as well.time will tell .
i love this collar ! the colors are very cute and the collar is well made . very happy with this purchase .
my cockatiels love these ... i should really buy more than two at a time because they disappear so quickly ! definitely recommend !
the orange rubber was great because my dog chews everything . she did however , chew off the rope . ad there is no way to replace the rope
we use these to bribe my dogs into taking the medications . they work well for that purpose . maybe my dogs aren't all that bright .
much easier than using a tooth brush and best for tiny dog teeth too , so i will be using these from now on .
my poor cat still have fleas . it's worked for me in the past , but not this time . the fleas must have mutated to be resistant .
needs much deeper engraving as my dog scratched it off in a few months . the first one also fell off the dog and this is the second !
happy with the purchase . dog loves it . bought it for my german shepherd who will grow into her 48 " x30 " crate .
after a few months of using this product , charlie's tear stains are gone . this is a refill of a really good product .
good as a treat , but has no impact on stinky mouth . biscuits work just as well . save the extra money .
best product ever . my bunnies don't love it , but it makes my life living with them much easier to bear .
it cleans , it's oxygen activated and ok to use around my dog . oh and the smell , it refreshing ... overall i'm satisfied !
best tool i have , its the only thing that gets algae out of my saltwater tank glass , a must have for all types of tanks ! ! !
my cats were totally not into these treats - they didn't even bother to lick them - could just be my cats !
it smells like wet cat food . this is definitely not as offensive to my nose as the fish flavored ones . cat likes it .
my cats will sit for long periods of time to watch this cool cat video filled with sounds and sights that draw a cats attention .
i break each piece into 3 sections cause she put a little weight on and for a small chihuahua a 1/3 is enough for her . will buy again
my cat loves this scratcher . he'll use it over any others i have in the room . i just wish i could pick another color .
holds the perfect amount for my 4 lb yorkie , so want tip , easy to clean . i highly recommend for anyone with a toy breed .
i should have kept the box . a flat board doesn't get used at all .
wish the bag was large enough to hold activated carbon for a magnus 350 . useful i guess for small filters .
love this harness . my little guy likes to chew through his harness and so far he has not attempted to chew on this one .
my dogs love it ... and so do i . i think i'll buy another one , this time for me . it's very soft , and huge !
my cat loves this toy the top and the side part even pounces on the mouse from time to time
the diffuser makes things easy to keep a room calm . it is very convenient . i like this option but do not use it a lot .
these seemed like a good idea since they like feathery things , but these were not a hit with my 2 cats .
dog really loves these , they break easily to use as a training add too . i'd definitely purchase these again for my dog .
bought a few of these for my 37 , 90 , and 125 gallon aquariums . getting the intake closer to your substrate helps keep your tank more clean .
this toy is too hard . it is more like a baby toy . my dog is not interested at all in this toy .
this crate is just as advertised . easy to assemble and move around . works great for our needs . three more words .
my puppy is still enjoying these nylabones small chew bones . he struts around with his blue nylabone in his mouth .
works well easy to clean , light weight , keeps litter from going all over the place am happy with.you can't go wrong with this purchase .
these cat crazies make my two cats crazy . they're light enough so they can flip them around and into the air .
i love the little pans . they are easy to clean and they stay put with an active puppy . my little shih tzu puppy loves her little station .
i have three dogs of various sizes and i give all three dogs the chewables . i give it to them at their dinner meals .
the cats love it , and i don't have to worry about feeding them all the time :) great idea :)
glad i read other reviews and decided to go with the next size up . my dog is small but the medium fits her .
it looks nice enough , it does an okay job at trapping litter just not an amazing job . it is better than nothing but i don't love it .
a life saver ... great price great bags . they work great and we use them daily and i will be buying more .
my puppy loves these treats ! i've re-ordered so many times because it's a great deal and she's addicted to them .
i have 3 of these bowls . they are durable , dishwasher safe and can hold a lot of food or water .
if you have a short hair dog who needs something in the winter this may be a good purchase . we like it very much .
it's hard to use these type of clippers as opposed to a dremmel with a really wiggly puppy . it didn't give enough control to clip .
just as described . product works well for my purposes . transaction was a breeze.temp does not match to the setting . adjusments required
mushers wax really made winter fun for my corgi . they are impossible to find dog shoes or booties for . also great for my cats cracked dry paws .
i have holland lops , at first they tried to eat the hut and then they pushed it into a corner and they don't use at all .
this outfit looks and is exactly as its described - my teacup yorkie loves it - keeps her warm and fits perfect .
if this is an x-large , i'm an x-small . it was far too tight around my dog's neck , although the chest part fit fine .
arrived on time but can not continue to use because my dog developed a heart condition . treats have too much salt sad to say he can only eat carrots
i like this leash a lot . helps to keep my arm attached to my body instead of being yanked away by my strong pitbull mix .
be proactive and get this item . better to help your pup be strong and healthy rather than rx for pain later in life .
great big bag - enough for 7 cats - lasts months ! excellent supplement for cats who prefer homemade cat food ... great for cat eyesight protection !
this is a good pen and sturdy . if your puppy isnt a climber like mine is it'll be perfect for you .
my cat prefers this . her coat got beautiful when i first started feeding her this
these cartridges designed specifically for the whisper 10 are easy to assemble and seem to do a very nice job of filtering a small 10 - gallong aquarium .
our cats take out a lot of litter when they come out and this mat really catches them and makes it easier to clean around the box .
these are fantastik pads for dohs and cats . i use them under the litter box because my cat pees over the edge if too much litter . works !
does the job , and allows me to quickly extract car wash soap from 1 gallon jugs in easy . 5 oz measurements .
got this for a great price and it works well . readings are very accurate and settings are easy to controll .
the fish love it and i love the price . big chain pet stores are so expensive lately it's a relief to find something worthwhile .
i can't seem to get the adjustments right because she keeps getting out of it . cute though , would recommend if you can get the right adjustments .
replaced a ? name 750gph unit . definitely a wider water column but the flow felt a little less than the unit is replaced .
great buy , great price and just what we were looking for . comes with pump for easy dispensing , add it right to the dog's food .
i bought it because of all the positive reviews and i'm satisfied ! it always clumps well and my kitties never had an issue going outside the box .
maybe needed for a bigger tank . not my betta's 5 gallon . the mignon 60 filter worked better and quieter for benny the fish .
this filter works well in trapping waste in the aquarium . the price is definitely very reasonable . in fact , the best price i could find online .
this one is great , i haven't used it at all because the collar was useless , but i'm sure it works and it certainly smells .
according to super pet , the wood they use is oak and fir . which are both toxic to chinchillas . do not buy .
it fits my dog very well . what i need is something for him to stop taking it off every time i look away !
seems to keep him healthy & happy . i like to make sure he's taking everything to keep him as healthy as possible .
great design for hydrating pets , and use o f non-toxic material's wonderful ! fits well in car's cup holders . we bought 2 ! !
my dog loves it and all kong toys . they are always long lasting and totally durable . i recommend them to everyone . kong quality is unsurpassed .
my dogs need this every month , the price was good and it arrived promptly , just in time for their treatment .
these mats go far in keeping the water where it belongs , on the mat . the ribs and edging help with this .
i have looked everywhere to get this product at a decent price . this was the best . petsmart is way too expensive
tank cycled in one week . was ready for fish and fish are still alive . will be my go to for new tanks
my dogs tolerate this clipper , as i feel confident with the provided guard . it's affordable and simple to use . it's definitely worth the investment !
i have 5 dogs and they love these things . i cannot vouch for the flavor , but to them it is awesome ! ! !
this was very interesting . we were surprised to find out that our dog was a breed mix different from which we thought.we love her anyway ! ;)
it was just what i expected - good product at a good price , worked very well . worked very well for me
used this product holistically for my terminally ill dog , and i loved it . i had no worries about it one bit .
actual size is a small 14x14x14 inches , not an inch more in any direction . real flimsy too , but i guess it works for a cat
these scaredy cut tiny trim scissors are perfect for use on my little dog . i like everything about them and definitely recommend the purchase . perfect !
broke right away and is hard to put together initially and anytime you clean it . looks nice compared to most fountains , but that is it .
my dog likes it it did what i needed it too do it is easy to use and i would suggest it to others also just great
my dog maggie loves these and i like them because they are a healthier treat than some others i used to give her
this works perfectly with my fluval edge aquarium and filter . shipped fast and easy arrived on time . this will be my source in the future for getting replacements
our dog really likes it , eats it all up . the ingredients are what they advise you to give a dog .
i thought i would try this because the price was right and within 30 minutes fleas were jumping off of my dogs .
bought this for my 10 month old german shepherd puppy , it didnt last more than 2 days .
what can i say about a net ? it's a net . it nets things . it has a handle . it is blue . it works .
my dog and my grand puppy found this to be zero on the challenge scale . they had it figured out in about 5 minutes .
pricey , but it is solid . our cats love being able to stretch fully when they scratch . does not tip over .
finally there is a toy out there that my roxie will not destroy .. and believe me ... i've been on a mission to find one ... ! ! !
to stop any possible flea infestation . they are great for that but not much else . this one is very long .
finally something that last more than a day . my dog loves these and will chew on it for hours at a time .
i could done clipping before my dog runs away . quick and easy.this product is better than the other two i used to use .
cats didn't really are for it and i didn't care for the smell of some of the flavors . i wouldn't buy again .
helps a bit with cat poo and vomit but is not a cure-all , not as strong as i expected it to be
this item doesn't seem to do what was promised . i think there are other products that are less expensive and do just as good a job .
i used this heater in my 650 gallon pond all winter . it kept the water between 60-70 degrees . amazing ! so much better than glass heaters .
my cat took to it right away and it's so much easier to clean up . it works great and it's simple to use .
our 6 month old yorkie just loves these and as a breed they are very finicky so i would totallyrecommend these treats
i love this mat , i have had so many mats and none of them really work like this one . i would recommend it
works well , product performs as promised . been using tetra products for over a decade and am always happy with the results .
the pack of all feather birds is useful as they are the are the only ones my cat will go after . would andn probably will buy again .
these are quality made clippers . makes the chore much easier . if you like to purchase quality items i would recommend this to you .
but gave them diarrhea nasty runny dog diarrhea on my carpet on my bed yuck yuck poop is not a good thing in my bed
this thing has held up well and we've had it for close to 6 months . for the price it's hard to beat .
one of those things to have on hand in case ph goes nuts ! does its job .
our puppy loved these ! wishing he didn't chew them as fast as he did but glad he enjoyed them .
cats were interested in it , but it really didn't do anything or alter their behavior
best deal i've ever seen on scratchers . excellent quality ( for what it is ) compared to others and by far the best price . i highly recommend .
this pad fits perfectly in my dog's crate and she loves to snuggle on it . washes easily ... and dries quickly . a real good find .
i have used these wee wee pads for a couple of years . my dogs are small but they do the job .
this is the perfect size rawhide for small dogs . my silky is about 10lbs and she begs for these . will purchase again .
our little dog will chase and chase thiswhat fun for heri would recommend it to any one with a dog that loves to chase things
great crate , the only thing that would improve it would be a side door as well . my dachshund is very comfy in it !
i have the turbo scratcher and frequetnly need to replace these and this is a good way to get them , in 2 packs .
the dog and the toddler love this bed . goes with my other furniture very well , cute , looks like a mini chair .
these bulb work really well at maintaining heat levels for your pets . good life on bulbs as well , a must have .
my cats love this toy . the only down side is they chew the tail off almost immediately if i do not watch them .
my 4 11 year old red slider turtles , love these treats ! a great change of pace & variety for there diet .
love the extra long handle that allows me to reach to the back molars of my rottie without losing a finger :) dog also like the toothpaste .
this dog blanket is beautifully made and both the dog and myself love it . it arrived quickly . it is soft and pliable .
we have tried a lot of different brands of pads and these are by far the best ! ! definitely recommend to others !
my cat is much improved and i will be getting refill bottles for the diffuser . so glad my 8 year old is able to sleep and rest better .
is a bit like dynamite all right , as cat goes crazy for this and loves the shape of it giving it preference
the cats approve of the 100 % catnip toys . they are firmly filled with catnip and the fabric is strong enough to hold up to the cats .
this is one of his favorite treats . don't know if it actually makes him feel calmer but he does love it !
these really do the job while protecting your hand from soiling . large , easy to use , heavy duty , biodegradable . they work exactly as advertised .
i use this bag for training . i latch onto my belt loop for easy access . quality bag , and definitely durable .
my two cats age 5 and 18 , yes , 18 love this food . my 18 year old siamese can be very picky but loves her science diet .
my poodle loves them and i order them all the time , great product in my opinion ... :o) i would recommend them .
it could be stronger but it's a great go to when my cat needs a pick me up and at playtime .
moves more water and is much quieter than my marineland penguin 350 it replaced . used in a 75 gal tank and is the right size for it .
we have high hopes for this product but so far there has been no change in litter habits using it .
cat loves this . loves too scratch it and uses it as a bed . it was a good chose and a good price .
oh this is a ball favorite at our house ! all three of the dogs love this ball and will chase it for hours !
dog enjoyed the crunchy taste of the biscuits . they also smeeled very nicely . a good natural product for your dpg
works great , keeps the dog from flying into the front when you have to stop quick.also protects the seats
they go through the first case pretty quickly , then get tired of it & want something else . go back to it after a few weeks .
i like how thick this leash is . if your dog pulls , the extra thickness gives your hands a bit of a break / cushion .
disappointed for being a kong toy . i have a staffordshire terrier . it lasted all of 5 minutes ! would not recommend for a strong chewing dog .
5 stars because they do the job , don't give me any hassles , and are inexpensive . not sure what else anyone expects from a filter cartridge !
my 3 cats like to use this for a kicking toy . its nice and long and a durable toy that stands up to all that kicking .
works good on my male bichon frise.helps to keep summer insects away from his coat .
our hamsters and gerbils love these both popped and unpopped they are really cool to watch pop in the microwave .
our dog loves these treats . good for training as i can tear them into smaller pieces . also great for stuffing treat balls
definitely a must for fish like cichlids or goldfish .. all my numbers are just right and all i have to do is weekly water changes by choice . :)
these are great ! my cats bat and cary these around like a trophy ! they play for hours and i will purchase again ! ! :)
i have washed it and aired it and can't get rid of the rubber stink . the red ones have very little oder but the blue is offensively strong .
great pet seat . my boy loves to watch out the windows and bark at everything . if teddy is happy , mama is happy ! !
saves somewhat on the expense of disposable pads ; they are washable . my dogs use it , so i'm a happy camper !
my little dog loves these things and to get nearly 100 for about $ 22 is a steal . also good for teeth and breath , their main use
these check valves seem to be working but i wish they had come with some information and directions . i had to google which way to use them .
both my cats , ages 7 and 4 love this food ! i've tried other varieties but this one seems to be their favorite . would definitely recommend !
not only is it a good low fat healthy treat your dog is getting good heart nutrition
not to pleased , the mat is way to slippery , slides all over my floor and also gets wet and stays , i would not buy again .
i'm really pleased with this purchase ! check on the canopy from lucky champ that goes with it . together it's a really nice litter system .
easy to install in my priius and works fine for my mini-dachshunds . keeps them confined and safer and me feeling satisfied .
i love this drinking fountain , easy to clean and keeps the kitties water fresh . they enjoy drinking from the falling water more than out of the trough .
i'm restocking my dog toys ! had to add this one . especially , for the french bulldog puppies ! they love them ! thank you !
just wanted i needed - fits in gym short pockets or can use latch and attach to leash . doggie drank right out of it . hard durable plastic .
my cats don't play with it . the toys are just lying there . they are not interested and won't touch the toys at all .
good quality , again , it didn't fit . but i gave it to my grandpuppy . and it fit him nicely . thank you .
this bed has worked well for 6 months with two german shepherds at 90 and 68 lbs . best bed i've found so far and would buy again .
my dogs love these treats ! if only the shipping wasn't so expensive , i would look to buy again . great healthy treats
waste of money , saw absolutely no difference in animal behavior and used according to directions and in space where cats spend 80 % of their time .
you'll need these refills soon . you probably will find feather pieces under the sofa soon after introducing your cat ( s ) to the gocat da bird .
you can't miss with your cats , my cats all love this and it's really funny watching them play with it . the balls drive them crazy ! fun !
my rabbit haze seems to like it alot . he sleeps in it . he has never used it for a litter box like my intention was .
my dog loves these sweet potato fries . they are a healthy snack for pups too . company is easy to deal with . i've bought these several times .
our russian blue kitty really enjoys this grain-free cat food . we give her 1/2 can per day and she's happy .
refills for my dogs pet collar , smells like citronella and no problems with any can so far . will buy again .
purchased for recently rescued pet . helps to keep ears clean and fresh , especially after romping around the backyard . gentle and easy on those big floppy ears .
i have owned this product for several months now and my lab still finds interest in chewing up these elk antlers !
i would gladly buy a substitute if it worked as well , but nothing i've tried does . these pads are extremely absorbent and hold bad smells .
bought for doggie and works well . easy to remove the bowl and clean it . bowl is stainless and does the job . fefe like it !
good value for the price . it is small and only can be used by very small dogs.fits great in our pet play pen .
i ordered two of these actually - one for food and one for water . it's easy to take out and clean and put back . quick delivery too !
the cats love these things . they also destroy and lose them pretty quickly . this large tub will keep my cats happy for a long time .
works with my bigger dogs and they don't have a problem with it . i just put it in some bread and give it to them
had to get this just in case i over trim my dogs nails . i haven't had to use it and hope not to ;)
the product works just as described . plus it also works for fleas and mosquitos . love it .
this toy is great for small pets . mine cannot get enough of it . the little foils makes noise that is so addictive .
like tidy cat better . covers over the odor good , but is kind of messy .
my dog loves these products very much , it is smelly , but it must taste good . it tastes like real fish skin .
within minutes of giving this ball to my dogs they had managed to get the squeaker out . otherwise it works as a football it just doesnt squeak anymore
what else can i write about it . it holds poop in it . i doesnt throw it back out . so .. its good ?
love kong products as usual . puppy used as chew toy and it is durable as per other kong products.highly recommended for strong chewers !
be sure to break these up for cats with small throats . like this brand of cat treats , but the chews are hard on one of my cats .
has so many wonderful ingredients that supplement my dogs ' diet . been using it for years , and now have another source for its purchase . thanks .
this stuff works great . it dechlorinates the water as well as providing your fish with slime they may lose under stressful situations .
i don't like it and wouldn't recommend for wire-haired dogs . i am not sure how it would work on other types of animals . the handle is comfortable .
dogs like it . they like pigs ears better , but enjoy the healthier replacement and its good for them . will buy again .
i love this comb because it brushes my cats fur so well that it takes fleas away too . i recommend this product
this seems to help for the first week . however , it seemed to be ineffective later in the month and the flees were still and ongoing issue .
it is bigger than i thought it would be and the milkbones that i was hoping to place inside of the ball always fall out . not very fun
it is a simple light with a sticky pad , wish i could have seen if it worked more than a few days .
use this on my auto top off water and it stays constant and seems to be a good heater for the what you pay .
this is safer and more secure collar for walking our jack russell terrior weighing 24 pounds . there is even room for it to go larger
for whatever reason , my dog refused to eat it so i'll have to find someone else's dog who may like it or throw it away .
my cat loves this mat , it crinkles when he steps on it and it keeps him warm . it's easy to take care of-can be washed .
has worked great so far . powerful stream of flow , very quiet , and very little heat added . perfect for nano tanks .
used these in my dog's puzzle toy - - he would eat them but never seemed very excited when he got them out of the toy .
my cats love these . i have two actually so they won't fight over them . they love to hang out in them and scratch . perfect .
i bought a couple of these for my heavy chewers . they are lasting and liked by my bullmastiff pups . great hard chew
we use bio bags on most of our aquariums and love the fact they keep the water clean and are so easy to change .
yep zuke's wins again . merlin loves anything zuke's . i think because it has alot of flavor and it's chewy . will buy again and probably again . lol
my picky eating pooch is very happy with these soft & chewy milk bone treats ! she loves the beef & filet mignon taste ! i recommend this item .
my grand daughters rabbit loved these .. didn't take him long to chomp them down . will buy more when i get a chance .
excellent product , good price has helped my 3 legged min pin a lot . wish it was on subscribe & save
keep this around for my cats as a treat . they look forward every day to getting their treat . i keep a lot of it around .
my two dogs love this dry dog food , and are benefitting from the grain free formula . their skin is healthier and the itching is greatly reduced .
my dog loves this product because she knows she is going on a ride ! we like it because she is safe in it .
heavy duty squeak is such a little package . perfect size for my chihuahuas that love to carry around little toys .
these pellets along with the tetra flakes have been the basis of my feeding menu , occasionally supplementing with several different varieties of wafers , both sinking and floating .
i have used this product for several years and swear by it - it won't stop all upsets but does keep them to a minimum
my dog / daughter has been using this product for a long time . she loves the taste . i love how well it works .
don't know if its because of something else , but at least in my setup this doesnt weem to be doing anything .
anything that gets your dog exercise and time with you is something i support ! for an excellent online dog training and behavioral resource check out : [ ... ]
you can set this at either angle you wish . whether long ways or sideways . the cage with my dog was a great thing .
this pet bed is no more than if you had a blanket or quilt for the dog to lay . cheaply made product would not recommend ! ! !
my dog loves laying on this . i was happy i bought it . my dog got it dirty but easy to remove and cleaned up nicely .
this is a very easy product with very little assembly . i was unable to find out how long the filters last though .
great toy , well made . i like that the scratcher is replaceable . i was happy with the color that was sent , too .
can't write for my dog , but i can tell you , he loves this toothpaste and lets me brush as long as i need to .
i find another one which is better and more quiet than marineland penguin . wish they will improve in the future .
works great on any small tank where you do not want a huge thermometer taking up a bunch of space and blocking the view of the fish .
great idea but not recomended for small animals . the spring is too hard for my little guy to push on to get a drink !
nothing more to say . my dog's worth it . healthy , happy & no illnesses . she's a golden retriever . thanks ian dunbar .
it's not rocket science . filter for a fish tank . can't think of anything else to say . make you choose the right size for your unit .
i purchased this product before and it seemed quite sturdy and worked well . it kept all the furs away from the car seats !
of course they get destroyed , but i still love them ! puppy is too funny when i give her a new " prize . "
love the size and functionality of this water bottle . perfect fit for a small purse . my dog loves it !
our 14 year old shih tzu is fine with this . she weighs 18 pounds , and doesn't move around much . we added a blanket to the bottom .
i continue to use these 3 weeks out of the month when i don't give my cats full baths . love them being all natural , no scents .
my cat loves to carry them around and hide them under the sofa and bed . great stocking stuffer for cats .
my 2 labs enjoyed this toy while it lasted ; which was about 2 days.not worth the money ... especially when you have clean up the house from it .
my large pitbull loves to play with this toy and i like it because she can't rip this one apart so easily lik all the othrs i have tried .
these keep our cats warm at night in our unheated addition . two paws up ! would be the review from the cats .
my cat destroyed this in less than a week . it's made of thin cardboard . fun while it lasted though . meh
these were and are a great little item to have with you if you travel around with your dog . they are very portable and very reasonably priced .
our guy loves his new bed ! thanks coolaroo . if this lasts as long as our patio shades , we'll be using it forever .
this is an excellent product . it does exactly what it's supposed to . it is wonderful for use with braces or not .
this poor monkey had his arms and legs ripped off but his body is staying strong . the dogs play tug of war with it .
it is very useful bin . i put my dogs clothings into bin . it is very nice shape and size of bin .
temp is stuck at 78 degrees and that wont help kill ick in your tank . 88 degrees is a must to remove ick the natural way
this was bought for someone else and she seems satisfied with it . l would have chosen something softer for myself .
my dogs love playing with an empty water bottle and this toy sounds just like one . they really love it .
giving her the best food and treats not only make her happy and healthy but makes us feel good about it too .
greenies are good for my dogs teeth plus they get super excited when they see me getting them out of the treat container .
i have always used frontline and it works well for my pets . i would purchase this again . shipment was quick and the price reasonable .
cheap and effective . this works great for doing the job , especially on grass . i don't think those claw or shovel type ones would work as well .
my dogs love it what more can i say . even my full grown gsd sleeps in the 16x20 bed . hilarious .
beautiful and the cats love it ! economical , safe to leave on all the time , soft and looks great with the furniture . highly recommend this product .
best investment ever ! this was recommended by a holistic vet for us ( we make our own all-natural dog food ) and it makes a noticeable difference !
neither of my cats showed interest in this toy . nothing wrong with it , it's colorful and well made , just inspires no interest .
ii can't tell if it helps or not . my cat is still peeing outside the litterbox and this was supposed to help .
it was a good fit on my maltese very happy with it . got many compliments on this tie dyed t-shirt
i loved this so much i bought 2 , one for my adult dog food and one for my puppy food !
my dogs like these but for the price i was disappointed at how few are in the package considering the price . not economical for 3 dogs .
i have a jack russell who gets hemorrhagic gastro enteritis ( hge ) and use this product to help support his digestive system . it works great .
my dogs love getting to see out as we drive down the road . they feel safe and like sitting up high .
the minute i unwrapped it . it has become her hiding place when she's bad ( so she thinks ) and her bed .
this was a christmas gift for a friend and i believe it was very much liked and appreciated . dogs love this flavor !
when we first started using it seemed to work well . now it seems like the fleas are getting drunk off the frontline and flourishing .
my dog chews the product and i bought it because i want to keep her joints healthy . it's a 3 months supply .
what a great toy for my austrailian terrer . he loves it and loves to chase it as it bounces when i throw it . highly reccomend .
my two girl dogs love them ! i just wish there were more than 10 in the bag . have to keep reordering them . great treat .
nice and smooth and works as it should . i would certainly buy again . it was the cheapest i could find at the time
great for use with fish or amphibians . easy to measure and conditions water for use . removes ammonia and chloramine . yummy !
perfect size for the location needed and perfect two size and perfect amount for the large bag to fill the two bins
it's a pretty basic stuffed dog toy with a squeaker . my dog really likes playing with it so i'd recommend .
i got this used with warehouse deals and i am very happy with it . great quality and durable and the two frenchies can each stretch out .
i have been buying at supermarket , these are a little cheaper i have gotten a sams , also , but dog like this flavor best .
always nice to know that when we want our cats to have some fun and go crazy , this stuff is there . a good size !
love it , but i wish it was thicker or fluffier , more pillowy , for my dog's comfort , and not just for warmth
my 3 cats played with it for about 5 minutes , but only go near it now if i put catnip in it . it just takes our space .
this item is very easily destroyed i have a chiweenie 20 lbs that had it destroyed in 5 minutes . i thought kong made a good product - they dont
my cats love to have fresh grass and this makes it much easier than going out in the yard and picking grass .
nice tray on bottom , nice gauge wire , goes together quick , came with an extra panel , locks secure , great size for price .
but i like to use them in the off days i don't get around to brushing his teeth.just beware ... the next day's poo tends to be green .
my doggies just love these , the price is right , and they're made in the usa - what more can you ask for ? !
kept my fish alive for two weeks while i was on vacation . i would trust it for longer if i could change the water while i was gone !
this helps so much for my dogs & cats teeth , their breath is a whole lot better too . it helps to keep the vet bills down ! !
my siberian husky , jack loves these treats . yeah , they smell . but to him it's like prime rib . music to my ears .
great training aid . our dogs love them ... of course , our dogs are labs and will eat most anything , especially if it's leather .
looks really good it is deep and for a litter pan attractive . holds the litter inside nicely without having litter all around after use highly recommend it
top quality ! great price ! fast shipping ! product sized as described ! ! be sure to check sizing based on description ! will be ordering again !
i only read the instructions once and put it up . i was too add that day i guess . i might get it back out and try again .
really happy with this heater . works perfect . temp is staying steady & tank is doing great . the price was great also . very pleased.thanks
use it to keep track of where the dog is in the dark when he goes out in the yard at night .
these are really great toys you can put other smaller squeaquer toys inside and my dog has not been able to undo the velcro backing .
this is a better price than i've found at local stores ; it is lean beef so a little healthier , and my dogs love it .
it's a really good leash , great for walking around . sturdily made , and not too heavy . great for my small dog .
my mutt absolutely loves these chews ! they're nice and tough so it's not a 30 second treat she tears through . recommended by my vet .
item flies well , this one last much longer than others we tried . the dogs love it and carry when ever we go play catch
this stuff works great on both my dogs . they have been flea free all year . amazon is one of the more affordable places i have found it .
my one year old lab can't get enough of these . i wish they were a little cheaper so that i could always have them on hand for him .
love the fact there isn't any stuffing in this toy . my dogs haven't ripped it apart yet and still enjoy playing with it .
this is a decent quality scraper , the handle could be stronger though - it's a little wobbly and frail on the longer handled model .
great for training and play , my dogs loved it . material is strong but at the same time can easily bite is very light and love their sound !
this is just wonderful for us who travel . our cat can be home for 3 days without a sitter with this handy feeder .
this " brush " cuts the hair , not just removes it . still use on on my siamese but won't use it on my long-haired corgi .
i bought these for my dog because they were much cheaper than buying them directly from the vet . my dog seems to love them .
he just loves it ! i can't fill his bowl unless i put it on the counter top because he just gets too excited !
check out this article telling how to make the experience pleasant for you and your pet . [ ... ]
bought these and box of ping-pong balls for cats at humane society . these springs are cheap and come ten to a pack .
love this ! feel my dog is safe in the car now . and it's so affordable and asy to use : )
excellent grain free food - one of the top six grain free foods that rate five stars on dogfoodadvisor.com see my review of earthborn grain free primitive .
i bought this to make compost tea and it puts off a lot of fine bubbles . it sinks to the bottom and works good .
just not a good choice for our small dogs . i don't even remember this toy . obviously it did not last long .
i am a foster for kittens and these are the perfect size and price ! ! will be getting more for sure .
both are cats really seem to like these treats and we are happy as parents because the treats are grain free . grain free is best .
as it turns out , my dog prefers moose antler to elk antler . some of her visitors think highly of this , however , giving it five stars .
our kittty is still amused by this and she gets bored easily . it moves like a snake . simple product but playful .
this produce works okay , but it is difficult to keep reversing the water holder . a fixed water container on a hinge might have been better .
my dog ate thru this one from the top . scary . he hated it apparently . and its not large . at all .
fritz liked these treats . they are flat 1 inch square treats that fit into the compartments of his dog puzzle .
as i was pulling this out of the amazon package , my dog sniffed it , grabbed it and carried it away to play . he loves it !
reading the label and finding it good , i bought the treats for my dogs . they loved them . i think it's a good product .
i would give this to dogs only as a now and then treat . it's way too decadent for their systems . it seems overpriced too .
great toy ! loved the quality ! i think this toy has a good chance of surviving the rath of my blue nose pit bailey !
these " poop ' bags are strong and keep the odor contained . i've used other bags that are too flimsy and just didn't hold up
i liked it - looked good and was well made however my cats wouldn't use it until today when one used it briefly
my dogs love it . the gsd's have yet to destroy it ! even when treats are in it . they love to chase it .
we like it and just ordered another bottle , that being said we used it cause our vet recommended it , it is pricey .
got this with the figure 8 harness for my cat . makes a great set . would say it's worth the money .
my kitty seems to like these pate's okay . they are new for her and she is eating them like they are most delicious !
good construction.does well with my large breed goldens . much easier to figure out than other harnesses i have purchased in the past .
our boxers were super excited to have these bones . they ate the whole thing , the bones didn't upset their stomachs . we will definintely buy these again .
we bought these after figuring out that our 4 panel pen was not large enough . these work as well and easy as the original pen .
my dog loves this . she is a very active chewer , only weighs 20 pounds and it definitely deforms more than a bigger nylabone .
my rabbit loves it , and this is one of the few products that i found that has no alfalfa hay in it
like the ingredients . like the smell . my cats love the gravy . seems like a good value for something that makes us all happier .
does what it needs to do , tell you what the temp is either under water in the air or in soil substrate .
ok but my cats like the love the large fuzzy mice better these are hard not soft . my dog likes them better unfortunately
i don't get carried away with aquarium " chemistry " . but you need these strips when you start a new tank . you can usually get them locally .
this product contains permethrin which is highly toxic to cats and should not be used in households that contain cats .
my furry friend has been exceptionally good this year so santa is bringing her not one but two boxes . great price !
my pups love it , only downside is that the inside plastic collapsed within 10 minutes of use .
i love feeding this dog food to my mini daschund , because he poops a lot less & it doesn't smell hardly @ all !
that's all i really have to say , no fancy description needed , thank you very much , yes they are good poop bags
been using it for a long time . dogs look great ! they take it twice a day . we highly recommend this supplement .
easy to use , easy to clean , easy to refill . keeps her from getting all kinds of junk into her water . highly recommend this product !
the hook easily fits on the dog leash big or small . i'd recommend it for anyone . no complaints . nice and simple .
my cleo looks adorable and feminine in this leopard print pink leash that matches her collar . it's well made , too !
they work really well at the park , but i can't let my dog have them at home . already chewed pieces off .
good product . these are easy to use and clean . good quality product . would recommend to anyone looking for a good bowl .
my cats love it . one or another is playing with it all the time . i plan to purchase more of them .
this bone has really held up to the tortures of three large dogs . cleans their teeth nicely and it still is in one piece .
my dog didn't like these at all , nor did a few of my friends ' dogs . eventually , i found one who would even eat these .
my dog loves kong cozies , she's a lab and these are the only toys she doesn't year up ! she has 5 of them now !
if you think you have seen your tank clear you should really try this stuff it makes it clear and smell delightful .
dogs destroy things its in their nature and mine just so happens to do it faster then most . this toy is easy to repair and doesn't cause a mess
our border collie demolished the bone in under 30 minutes . definitely buy the next size up if you have an aggressive chewer .
it is ok . the dog likes it . but , i find it hard to shove in the treats a b c
these booties were nearly impossible to get on my corgi and i bought a size larger than needed . he didn't like them so we returned .
i have two frogs i got years ago and when i drop this in the tank they eat every bit of it so there is no waste either .
this bowl does not significantly slow my " chow hound " down . i will have to continue looking for one that slows her alot more than this does
this scooper is very sturdy and will last a lifetime . it can remove that stuck on the bottom wet clumped litter with no problem .
seems pretty accurate , though it could have a broader range . just a shame it's not moveable - i tried once and it seemed to do some damage .
this seems to work with my dogs as far as not having them stressed by loud noises . i used the whole pack .
works wonderfully . her eyes have never looked better . i give her 1 twice a day and she takes it like a treat .
this is not at all what i thought it was and it will create a mess when you use them . i would not purchase it again
it was difficult for me to actually use . i intended to use on my cat but was able to use a comb instead . that worked .
this will keep my puppy satisfied for hours ! he loves it and its cute lol fast shipping and the squeeker isnt too annoying . :)
we have been using this product since first introduced by our vet years ago we have not found anything better for them to date .
too stiff . even as a chewing adult this ball is too big for my corgi .
perfect size for my maltese . he loves pulling out the squirrels inside and playing with them . he never tires of ' hunting ' then out :)
our dog loves these duck breast treats and i feel good giving them to her , because they are very natural and have the added nutrients for her hips .
unfortuneately my cats have no desire to play with this ball . i toss it qand they don't even move . off to the local shelter with them
nylabones are great . not expensive and they last forever . our dog loves to chew , but these hold up . highly recommend .
really good for dogs that want to jump . folds up and fits into my trunk . i bought 1 other in this size and smaller sizes .
these are cute . i like how they're wide and shallow - it lets the catfood spread out and the cats don't tend to eat as fast .
stops bleeding impressively fast . and works better than flour and / or other styptic powder products on the market .
it's a heavy sturdy bowl . deep enough as to not make too much of a mess . holds a lot of food . nice product .
total time spent before toy was destroyed ? 20 minutes by an extremely enthusiastic newfie . she didn't even try to figure it out .
so far , they drink it . have a pup with a bad bite and vet said this would cut down on his cleanings . glad i bought it .
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b004np4ob4/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleseems to be good quality ; wish it was a little wider but it is very sturdy and helps protect my bench seat from muddy paws .
my dogs love these treats and they smell so good i almost tried them myself .
this is the first time i've tried this brand and i'm very happy with it . guinea pigs love it and was a good price .
hoping this new dog food will have amazing results with my dogs . i like the list of ingredients and they seem to like the taste .
i use this ear cleaner several times a week to keep my dogs ears clean and it is very effective . i recommend it highly .
really don't know if this worked or notwe are using other things in her food as wellwe will keep using this for a while
gets my dog really clean even after she rolls around at the dog run . she smells great afterwards , comes off easily in the shower . highly recommend .
my 10 month old pup loves this stuff and follows me around when it is in my hand .
my dogs take a lot of pills every day . i couldn't live without his product . it makes life easier for me and the dogs love it .
the doggie i gifted this to loved it . it is a sturdy toy and very sweet looking . would highly recommend for your pet .
the high sides work to keep kitty from creating a dust storm in the house . i'll only get covered or high sides from now on .
this shampoo is very good . my little westie is finally white . i found that it lathers well and smells pretty good . i will buy this again .
only one of my cats likes these because they are dry treats , but i feel good about giving them and hope they really are helping dental health .
this is a sturdy comb that works well with our poodles curly hair . it has small and medium teeth areas .
my dog destroyed the three toys in one day . poor quality . not as described . i lost my money buying these cheap toys.don ' t buy them .
i love just about anything that is still made in the united states of america but these leashes are absolutely the very best .
our ferocious kittens like this toy . attack ! it's been holding up well , too . how much can you say about a cat toy ?
same as the stuff that is 4x as much . it works great and its in convenient pill form that you can open and spread on there food .
molly is 15 1/2 , with arthritis & she can still climb the basement stairs , so i'd recommend it . can't hurt !
love it . like to a lot better then the furminator . it seems to get a lot more of the undercoat out without irritating the skin .
i used the carrot stuff but it just left a huge mess but the bunny absolutely loves playing with the basket .
my dogs love it , it's the only squeaky toy they haven't been able to destroy . it's pretty durable and bounces erratically when thrown or rolled . nice .
very gentle on my dog . smells nice and leaves her coat nice and soft . would buy again
don't waste your money , my cat didn't give it a second look . he never played with itmoney wasted as always .
i wish these kits weren't so expensive . i would love to use them more with the rescues i take in when i am not sure of their mix .
our dog loves the taste so we keep going with it . she seems healthy - we are pleased with the product
my dog had a skin reaction to this product . unfortunately , i will not be able to purchase this product again .
got a german shepard puppy and he chewed a bit on this leash , but it's held up nicely . it's tough and reflective . would recommend .
my " puppy child " infrequently gets itchy spots and this product will cool them down almost immediately . i wholeheartedly endorse the spray and so does tavie .
it only worked for two weeks before the laser stopped working . when it worked it was ok but very disappointed that the product crapped out so fast .
these are the best things to come along in such a long time . i keep reordering them because they work .
nothing works like this on urine ... i used this with our three cats , when one is so accident prone ! i love all the koe products .
these small doggy dish bowls are perfect , just enough weight to make them easy to handle , not like those lightweight ones in the stores .
it's the rating my two cats give to this food , breakfast or dinner.can ' t speak for it more effectively than they do .
the breakaway clip is too loose . my cat lost it almost right away . i would not buy this again .
i followed the instructions to the letter , but nothing grew but mold . very disappointing ! would not recommend or buy this product again !
it's bio-foam . how can you go wrong ? i use these in my hob filters on a few tanks for additional bio filtration .
they shredded this toy in about two weeks.it was a big hit.but determined chewers won't find this much of a challenge ...
an excellent collar , but this color light turquoise blue arrived and is almost navy blue , so not the effect i was going for on a black dog .
i didn't read the description well enough . can't use it since it is a refill only and you can't spray it from this container .
hold dog in place and very good material works good as told good item to have if dog rooms the car
the variety of chunks , gravy & cheese alternated with pate options make for very happy cats . sushi especially likes the cheese .
not really designed for a dacshund ... ended up going to hugadog.com and ordering a customer harness . just not what i was looking for .
product is good . i just wanted something to have handy and small to give my pups water . it does the job well .
i ihave 14 dogs most should be under 10 pds , to big and hard for small dogs but they love to carry them around
my friends 2 cats ( out of 3 ) love these springs ! they are all over the place , and even carry them in their mouths sometimes !
they work great ... safari professional pet nail trimmer , small / mediumsafari pet products ... so many are cheap these are easy and does not hurt your dog
great sturdy collar ! i use it on my great dane puppies , it has stood the test of time and it doesn't get dirty looking !
i have been using product for my cat for years . works good on my new doggie . dog cat dog cat
great play toys for execise , especially if there is more than one cat to play with them . they will jump in to chase'em . jp
perfect for a st . bernard , able to hold and walk him . he is a 150 pound 2 year old baby .
this is an excellent cat litter . i've been using it for years and it works just as promised . highly recommended .
my buff kept looking at the bag and smelling , but i made him wait until christmas for him to be more appreciative .
received the product within a couple days and they were exactly as described . i will be making plenty more future orders from here .
these are the only dog toy balls that my dogs have not been able to rip apart . they work great in the chuck it launcher , too .
my older german shepard didn't like the previous brand and would not eat them . i bought these and she eats them without any problem . thanks !
lots and lots of worms . wow , you cant beat the price . they are what they are , worms . and my hedgies love them .
these things are great . my dog loves them . too bad they come in such small quantities . overall though ... they're good treats
buy it for your pets , they will love it and it is resistant to any amount of chewing ! i recommend this for all pet owners !
this litter didn't work well at all ! it didn't clump , it was dusty , and it didn't do anything for covering up the smell .
long lasting , bright , cool temps , good water penetration , sits above the water , 1 watt leds , white and blue , nice design .
does not last long , and didn't change my cats ' behaviors at all . overpriced and i was not happy with it .
love it ! clamp is stable , color is lovely . the noose isn't what i really wanted but that is easy enough to replace .
i have never had a better scooper ! it's durable and should last a life time ! if you only to buy one scoop for life this is it .
lasted less than 3 minutes squeeker was great , but ball could not stand the test of the pebbler ... no big deal becuase kong makes great products
brownie loves these in or out of the kong and the ingredients are great so i know he's getting something healthy . makes both of us happy .
one of bailey's favorite treats and good for her too . like the price too when compared to other dog treats .
i love using this when i'm washing my puppy it cleans him and lathers him so well . it removes hair and makes his coat feel lovely .
other reviewers may have received accurate units but the one i received is off by at least 2 degrees when compared to other thermometers and my own body temperature .
very easy to install and does an awesome job to keep evaporation down to almost not noticeable at all ! it is also very easy to clean !
for science diet kd wet food . my cat will not touch the sd but rather likes this , which smells just as bad . but you know cats .
my boston loves these and i like the convenience of using them for training as they are easily broken for giving your pup several little treats !
it was a little pricey , but it seems to have good support , and the real test is that my spoiled mutt , mike , loves lounging on it
i've been using this for about a year . i works well for our boston terrier--the vet was impressed with her check up .
these are some of the quietest and best performing budget friendly pumps we've owned . will definitely stick to this brand when we need more in the future .
good product and will purchase it again.it works like they say it will to rid my dog of fleas.thank you
excellent collar - we also have the matching leash . no complaints after a few weeks - looks good , feels sturdy .
cute toy.not doing this any more as what can you say about a puppytoy.the stars should be enough ! !
my kitties love this as a special treat once a day-they love it along wit their other food and eat well .
i love using this especially for my younger leopard geckos . it keeps cleaning simple and it is made of recycled material .
it's really a great product , cuts fast and in a rounded manner . my cats got used to it and now i clip their claws really fast .
she sniffed it and walked away . however , she is 17 years old and picky . so it may be alright for some cats .
this is one of two dog toys that has held up to the jaws of my playful pitbull ! she loves it ! ! !
my dog loves this dog food , i have tried her on other and she refused to eat , and the price is good here also
don't cheep out . this is the best filter out there works great had ti for years no issues . be careful with the pump .
awesome looking with my 3 gallon led lit fish tank , i have neon plants and a black moor , and he looks great in there .
my puppy loves this bone and it keeps him busy while he's in his crate . great product , great price , buy a bunch :)
this ball is still around so it is a good toy for the dogs that i have that love balls .
was exactly what we needed and a lot cheaper then local pet stores . product works very well and sent quickly , absolute dark with great heat for him .
these treats didn't go over well with our picky eater . we have had better luck with just putting the glucosamine on there food .
stuffing treats inside isnt useful as they pop out too easily . might be fun for heavy chewers , but if not , look elsewhere .
my kitten loves this food but gets tired of it , and i have to swich to the medleys . his favorite !
does what it is supposed to do . i have used this brand for a long time and never had any problems .
very easy to use . dasher loves it whenever i used the furminator to brush him . the fur will not fly easily . definitely a value-added tool .
has survived lots of chewing and shaking and pulling and throwing and being carried from room to room.think i have said what i intended to say .
this is easily on my top 5 list of dog toys . i put peanut butter in and it keeps her busy for a while .
i like the ingredients - the cats like the food ! ! they are healthy , happy , have shining soft coats and it's all good .
cleans the bird cage well . would be nice if they came with a brush to scrape up those hard poops . no chemical odor either .
this is a must for all types of herding dogs or any other dog for that matter who has a bigger head than neck
my corgi destroyed this in a day . sticking to pure rope toys and kong wubbas from now on , this just wasn't up to snuff
this is a good acid source for your aquarium but it seems to go away quickly . it lowers the ph but doesnt keep it down .
this deep dog bowl is very well made and can be washed in the dishwasher . the color is a little weird but my doggie doesn't notice !
long lasting , low mess , much cheaper than the big box pet stores , and great for dogs who love to chew and chew !
nice balls and are pretty durable . louie love that they squeak too . having three keeps him busy when he misplaces one .
works very well . gives accurate readings and is useful for a lot of tests . drop type test outlives strips and is more accurate .
both of my rabbits liked this timothy hay and they are very picky about what kind of hays they will eat .
i never have issues with marina brand products . these filters work as they are supposed to so not much more to say about them
these were recommended by my vet and the dogs have clean teeth while thinking they are getting a treat , and they are at a good price .
i have the smaller one - good product - be sure to get the one that can open and stretch across the cage
it's healthier then just about all non-vet foods and my picky husky will eat it ( he only loves raw meat ) .
the dogs play with this for hours and love the way it squeaks . i always keep a few extra on hand .
i have 4 turtle tanks . this stuff is great and helps the bottom feeders i have in the tanks to keep up with the waste accumulation .
these are filters for the in-tank power head filters . they work well . i had to send them back because my power-head was broken .
my dogs , a basset and bloodhound , love greenies . also , the price for the tub-pak is more reasonable than on other sites .
i mean , these are toy mice for a cat . how can you go wrong ? arrived timely and safely , and a couple have already been destroyed .
my dogs must like it because they eat it . i like it because it is convenient and easy to open .
my dog likes it but i probably should have gotten the smaller version for a little dog . very durable . this should last .
sometimes my chihuahuas prefer to use these over going outside . especially in bad weather . i like the large size and they are very absorbent .
great item . i just flip open the tent . it folds up easily too . don't use the doorway , no need for that .
medically knowns for aid in nutrient absorption for the pet's short digestive tract . a must have for the pack i have . keeps pets healthy .
this brand and flavor are a big favorite in our house with three indoor cats , two barn cats and five feral felines .
my dog sometimes eats this and sometimes walks away . what can i say ... looks good to me , but hes the dog .
my cats love these . grains do some not-so-nice things to one of the cats , so these were a wonderful find . can also get them at target .
my dogs love these treats as do i , they are healthy and amazon has them at a great place
seems to be decent food based on ingredients , dogs like the taste , time will tell how well they do on it but so far so good .
easy to setup for dogfood and my dog went right to it and i love the the amount of food it holds
the kitties love this ! i'm trying to ge my kitties to eat more wet food since it's much better for them , bnut they love this stuff .
our pet's coat is so much softer . he loves the flavor . the bottle the oil comes in is industrial grade .
this toy is lasting longer than any other chew toy i have bought so far . wish they had a smaller version for my schnoodle !
was better than i anticipated ! large enough for my pomeranian an she loves being in there when i leave for work instead of being stuck in my bathroom .
i wish there were more than six to a package . five stars if they up the number of treats per pack .
the dogs love these treats ! they were very pleased with their christmas present ! they would eat them all at once if they could .
i use this along with pre-ventick and capstar . my golden retreiver and newfoundland are protected for the year round bugs we have in fl
best flea and tick collar that you can buy , last 8 months and no fleas or ticks in the house ! need not say more !
what to say about more , it works and dog use it without issues , it is big enough and absorb the urine quickly without smell
my kitties love it , my plastic-sensitive kitty is not bearking out . only problem is sloshing , and i can't seem to get it under control .
i add this to my cats water bowl and the size i got really surprised me , twice what i usually buy in the pet store
and it works for air , not much more to say about it except i have no complaints so far and would buy this again !
have a dog , get this bone . it has lots of goodies still attached to it . your medium sized dog will love it .
the ball is flexible for pulling games . however , my beagle doesn't play with it though it comes with a strong vanilla smell .
i love all of nylabone's products and this another one . dog loves it , i love it , and love the prices
kitty loves her food . what else is there to say . i certainly would recommend the patte form over the other varieties available .
these are absolutely the greatest . they have a nice smell too . i tie a couple with one knot onto the leash and am always prepared !
if you love taking your cat out , you'll love this stroller . most people think there is a baby in there ! hahaha
my cats absolutely go crazy over this stuff ! i have little bells that i use to let them know it's ' treat ' time and they come running .
lasts for hours , my dogs enjoy these and keeps teeth clean , keeps breath fresher . snickers says ... 5 stars and keep them coming ! ! !
good amount for the price ! they do not last very long though as they are not rolled very tightly . c
i really like this stuff . i helps keep the order down between cleanings .
can't think of any issues i have with it . it protects my backseat which is what i needed . don't notice the smell everyone else seems to notice .
this is a very durable bone for your pet . i would recommend this for aggressive chewers . my dogs love them
these are great , i love the color , the stainless bowls are easy to clean and the dog bone shape is adorable , nice accessory in my kitchen .
my cats adore this . i will surely be ordering more for them . it's cute too . a perfect bed and scratcher .
my pup loves these ! ! ! they are nice and small and low calorie . i am a repeat purchaser and my dog is grateful for it .
i usually buy these from petsmart but the manufacturer had a break down and petsmart was out . found these online and saved the day .
nothing special . i have already lost 1 so it's a good thing they come in packs of 3 ... the cost is good .
seems to work fine . i dont see any difference between these " basking " bulbs and regular 100 watt household bulbs ... other than price of course !
it's organic , raw , very few synthetic vitamins , good formulation of veggies and fruit . even the cats liked it .
the buffer is useless . ph will rebound very quickly . i read some review and then bought it , please don't mislead buyer .
i love this , it's so easy to clean and wash out . the cats " wash " their paws and it doesn't track thru the house .
the visible display showing the temperature is a great feature . its awesome that it alerts you when the water temperature is above or below the desired temperature .
this didn't work on my barking pom . it didn't bother him at all . he barked right through it & never skipped a beat !
i bought these for the animal shelter at which i volunteer . they're always asking for them because the dogs just love them .
this product is great to handle all types of ear infections . if the ear is swollen then use the blue bottle to take down the swelling .
our local fish store sells these generic for $ 3.50 each and these are a much higher quality than those ... you can't go wrong on these filters !
i have tried many different canine dog hygiene products and these topped my list so far . my dogs love them .
doesn't make much noise . i'm not sure the dog ever realized it did make noise . my 11 month old labrador retriever is tearing apart one end .
and it's less gas coming from them and that's just fun for the whole family ! frankly , anything that reduces gas is a win .
cat likes it , but i was hoping for something larger that she could drag around & cuddle up against . oh , well .
our ferrets love this stuff ... as in climb over each other to get to it . unfortunately it's full of sugars . no more for our oozlers unfortunately .
my rabbits love them but beware that these will melt when being shipped . my last batch came in one big ball , all melted together .
i wanted my dogs to like these . they are not thrilled with them . sometimes they eat them , sometimes not . great ingredients though .
this pad works great to keep older pets more comfortable in cooler weather . it was an instant hit at our house .
product was as described . the price was great and it is working on our cats . i would order this again !
my parrot loves this product.she can eat several a day if i let her.this is her favorite treat .
priced right and product works really well . smell is not overbearing and lasts a long time ... will reorder . would recommend this product .
my pooch does not like her nails clipped but hates the dremmel so this works really well with her nerves
my dogs love these duck feet ! they run into their kennels and await their treat as soon as they see the package in my hand !
just bought this for my 11 week old chihuahuas and they both love it ! product was super easy to use and is the perfect size for us !
i've tried using cheaper pet carriers when driving cross country , and my cats would break out of them . these carriers keep them locked in safe and secure .
our scottish terrier is 19 lbs and she made short work of this , it took about an hour before she ripped a piece off of one end .
our parakeets love this food , and it seems to be very good for them . i added this product to my subscribe and save list .
love the color , good price , more secure than neck leashes , as you can do damage to the dogs neck.thank you .
i use this product for my dog that has hypothyroidism . it's great for her skin and coat because she has skin irritations associated with the disorder .
perfect crystal litter for kitty . will definitely be buying more of this one as we like it so well . best we have found in crystal litters .
a really cute toy . my dogs really enjoy playing with it . they did however manager to get the squeaker free in about two weeks .
i love it and my dog jumped right in ! it was the perfect size for my 6 lb mini pinscher !
our bichon frise dog really likes this new toy.pretty well made and realistic . safe construction too.good for smaller size dogs .
made in usa . that says most of it and the dogs love them for treats
this drinking fountain works well . it is difficult to fill the small opening on the bottom of the item . it works well .
no grain dry food my dogs like the flavor . easy on the tummy & reasonably priced for a good product
these are great for after he does his business outside - i can wipe his little bottom and so he won't track his " mess " in the house .
awesome shampoo . wonderful smell , uses less that other brands and seems to moisturize the dogs scalps where the shampoo takes some away .
this leash is very sturdy , easy to use , and very nice looking . i love it and would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a short leash .
product works great - fabulous results . no tear stains at all anymore . i put it in her food and my dog likes the flavor
my dogs love these . i cut these in half so they are just right for my doggies who are 9-13 lbs .
this product does what it says its going to do , and foe that i love it , great price also , two thumbs up .
the litter genie is an amazing invention . it gave me my clean-smelling house back . highly recommend this product line , which includes this 12 pack refill .
i have a year and half husky who is a very picky eater . he loves this treats and it does not give a upset stomach or the poops .
panther likes this dry food . it came as expected and she enjoys switching off between the wet food and dry food .
saved my fish tank and simplified the many air accessories for it . these puppies are just what the star fish needed !
works with no leaks whatsoever . i clean the bowl out every few days due to slobber . i recommend this product
i have bought several n they r still alive , no rips in them n they r played with 75 pound dogs
this product is one of the best to help fish keep their protective coat of slime , and removes chlorine and chloramines
i have 5 of these bowls - they are easy to clean in the dishwasher and don't slide around on the floor . i wish they had more designs !
i have 5 cats and 3 of the 5 seem to like this . not as much as some other types of food , but they will eat it .
finally tried these . although a little large for pill pockets , fortunately my dog usually inhales them . pleasantly surprised and would recommend .
the cats like it but not as well as the one that has the illluminated ball that comes with another toy simular toy to this one .
my bunny doesn't pay any attention to this toy , but it does look cute hanging in the cage :) ) lol
a bit pricey but can be broken up to make them last longer and all three of my dogs love them .
just a little too tight on the fit , so i.ll surely need a larger size soon . other than that a great product .
works just as it says and it is very easy to put the attachment with the leash part on and off your bike .
this siphon starter makes tank maintenance easier . i use it with the 6 " python siphon for gravel siphoning after algae scraping .
i don't know if this product is the equivalent of royal canin so.food seems good , don't know if it has any positive benefit for ui .
i've only used these when they were included with the purchase of a new littermaid litter box . they seem to have only a slight impact on odor levels .
she climbs it and hangs out on it daily . great product ! i would recommend it to anyone with a small or medium sized bird .
sometimes you can get a bad sqeeker , but i received a replacement and my kitty really loves this . very fun for cats .
i get this via subscription and it's really nice to know this is coming every month and not to have to worry about running out of food .
bought this for tug of war and it has worked out great . it is strong and can handle the dogs that are quite strong and destructive .
this is really big , but the perfect size for rats . it runs / spins very smoothly and silently . my rats love it !
customer service for this company rocks ! i have purchased two beds already . told all my friends about these dog beds ! ! love them ! ! !
my dogs really love this food . i like that its available via subscribe & save but the bags often open or tear . wish they got packed better
this product is very big . so if you have a puppy it is fun to watch him attack it . will have to grow into .
this is the only dry dog food i have been able to get my puppy to eat without a hassle ! now i know he is going to be healthy
the collar was very cute and just as expected . only problem was my other dog got the collar off her and chewed it up
i have 2 labs , and this is one of the best trimmers i have ever used . much better than the cheap imitations you get in some stores .
my cats love the fountain , some drink from the bowl and some from the stream of water , and i'm happy that they always have fresh water .
this leash has held on strong while we are in the process of training a teething puppy who loves to chew on her leash .
this was a real bargain . we must shop carefully as pet supplies are expensive . i would purchase again . thank you .
easily put on my dogs . since the neck opening is not adjustable , when ordering , try to fit the neck first / most accurately .
i bought this for a friend who is doing dog agility . her dog loves it and it is making training her easy .
my dog likes the beef ones better , but maybe another dog might like these better . they were nice and fresh .
i feed my turtles mealworms as staple foods and they absolutely love them . this bag will last a long time you feed them 3-4 times a week .
this is a great toy for cats ... safe and it makes them go crazy ... i have 4 cats and they all loved this toy !
buy for a friend feeding stray cats in her neighborhood . does the job and cats are happy .
they lay on this all day long and like to lay in the little bowl and swat at our fish tank next to the condo . very pleased with this
we cleaned it regularly , but it still broke on us in less than a year . super disappointed . will not purchase again .
this rain coat is super cute . unfortunately , its a little big for my baby but i will keep it as i'm sure he will grow into it .
now that our dogs are older we have switched to this one for the auto watered and the cat uses it too .
i just used them for the first time this week ... and they worked really well ! i would recommend this product .
it took about 2 minuted for my great dane to chew the nubs off and 3 minutes to chew through the toy .
my cats love the seafood varieties of fancy feast and this is a great deal . super fast shipping and excellent price . i order often .
my three cats love this toy , they love the fact that the ball lights up , they play with it all the time , great cat toy .
i love the smell of citronella and this anti bark collar is a true deterrent to barking . what a humane way to break this noisy habit
these are very easy to use and are just the ticket for training your pet . our lab already comes when we click . super product / great idea .
the comb is the best quality . it will last forever . i am very pleased with the heaviness and quality of this comb .
much to large . does only a fair job of catching and holding spare litter in my opinion . not bad for the price though .
love dap products ... the plug in seemed to work better than the collar ! i'd start with the plug in first if i did it over again ...
this is a great size for a large litter box to protect your carpet . it's easily washed or vacuumed .
this ball stands up to just about anything . my dog can not destroy it even when she tries . good buy ! !
holding on strong with my dane chewing all the time . this is one of the few items that has lasted through the months
the scraper worked as planned to clean a small crawl space behind the tank . it just fit , and scraped the apthasia that was growing in the sump .
my cat sniffed it but that is it . it seems kind of big for an average size cat . my cat can't grab it with her teeth .
my dogs try to chew these up but can't . they are easy to clean but they do stain . nice size .
my mom's chihuahua loves these bones , and they are about the right size for her . she gives them 5 stars !
this was an ok product , but it didn't last long . the dogs had it chewed up in a short time .
affordable joint care food and it's really been helping our senior girl . other joint foods are unfortunately cost prohibitive . would recommend .
this harness was great for my female shih tzu . i would really have liked it a tad bigger but it works fine
training tray they tear too easily i went through them very quickly as a result . found better in my local pet store ! !
best media to keep your water crystal clear . use it every 6 months in my reef tank and will never use anything else .
it comes with many guards so i can clip my pomeranian at home and not need to put him through the groomers and pay for the privileged .
laying in front of the litter boxes it catches most of the litter when they jump out . really does the job ! an excellent purchase ...
i tried numerous products and this one works ! eliminates the odor and keeps my kitty disinterested in using the same place again ... thank you ! ! !
we give a small scoop of pumpkin to both of our corgis each morning . they love it and it seems to help firm up their stool .
of my cats favorite toy . simple and easy to use . they can play with this forever . very durable even when they pull on the wand
my two small dogs just love these treats these are very nutricious and must taste great . yours will love them .
softer than a cuttle bone ... or maybe it just breaks apart easier . my cockatiel liked it . it didn't last too long .
my dogs love and have to have one every day they just love these busy bone will keep on buying these
got this for my dog's six cousins . it has enough in the stocking for everyone to get something . great value !
the clicker works great . the clicker is light and durable , fits anywhere , and easy to use . defiantly worth the price .
i like it so nice and handy for washing and gromming dogs . i love the fact the neck is easy a justable for drifferent people
good size when you combine with the van ness cat litter box - l . highly recommend .
i've used these for years on all my g / s's but tico threw this product up as soon as he ate it . :-(
very good to have in an emergency kit for your pet . i recommend this , would buy again , and i hopes this helps someone and their pet .
large enough for my gsd puppy not to swallow . the squeaker intrigues and makes him more interested in playing fetch than a plain tennis ball .
yummy , yummy in doggies tummymight i suggest they were easy for her to digestand that made us both happy
excellent toy for interactive play , it is easy for a young puppy to pick up and sturdy enough for an adult dog's rough play .
finally found a chew toy for my puppy that wasn't too . if for him and by the way he loves it !
if your not sure on how to use a clicker for training this set helps a lot . would recommend to others
i love how you can shape these pens into rectangle , square , round , even zigzag ! awesome gift for anyone with dogs or even cats !
we got this toy for our 4 month old labrador puppy.he loves it ! romps all around our back yard with it .
the liners work great . when it's time to change the litter , all i have to do is remove , dispose & put a new bag in
my dog loves these chewies ! i have subsequently purchased more . no staining .
my dogs like it and their costs are shiney . they are healthy and show every sign of good nutrition and health
these are coming on subscription now because our dogs love them . they are perfect size for smaller dogs and very fresh in the bag .
healthy ingredients , easy to crumble on kibble for enhancement . i can't afford to feed this exclusively to my three dogs , but they sure love it .
surprisingly my dog let me stick the toothbrush in his mouth , he loved the flavor of the toothpaste so much he just lapped it up .
daisy my 10 yr old cat seems to like this food so i will continue to buy it for her .
both of our cats love all flavors of greenies . these are sold at a good price with fast shipping so our cats are never without their favorite treats .
given the main ingredient is liver this manufacturer should provide an estimate of the amount of vitamin a in each serving .
my cat will eat it however , she is not that crazy about the seafood flavor . she prefers turkey or chicken or beef .
teaching my pup with and e collar and this works great.it leave some room to walk without letting the dog run away
been buying bull sticks from cadet for about 6 months now . i've tried other brands and none compare to cadet . 5 star for sure !
i'm happy i bought this comb . i never have a problem with combing anywhere i need to and it gets fleas without much problem .
pretty product , but prefer the solid pink . i gave this five stars , because the product works and serves its purpose .
one of the first kong toys that my dog ( 60 lb lab ) doesn't destroy . loves to throw the toy around by the ears .
fun for play but not for teething . the crunching noises and bright colors are exciting . he looks so cute carrying this around .
so far this toy has held up with our strong chewer dog . she likes to chase it , squeak it and play tug of war .
this is very well made but it is harder to get on . i needed something easier to handle with my new , very wiggly puppy .
my puppy loved his a lot - i'm not sure that it was so much a cool teether , but it was good for a fetch toy .
this was a great idea for an outside toy but unfortunately one of my dogs removed the handle within minutes .
wasn't good for my dogs gave it to my sister for her cats she loves it
bought this for our dog to help with anxiety in the car . i doubled the dose and saw no effect whatsoever .
i bought one package of five and liked these so much that i bought a second package . these are much easier to use than the traditional clicker .
i use this for flakes . have it on 3 of my tanks . these have been perfect . once adjusted just make sure there is always food !
my finicky dogs love , love , love this food . i love it because it is so good for them in every way .
such a cute dinosaur ! my dog loves it and it squeaks good ! the face is thicker and son it holds up
this is like a miracle for my cats who barely tolerate each other at times . just make sure you get the name brand ( pink packaging . )
very disappointed . my 5 month old puppy flipped it , banged it around , and it cracked . might be great for small breed .
i have just discovered these tasty treats and my dogs love them ! they are a bit pricy , but worth the money .
frontline always help keep the fleas and ticks away anytime i take my dog in the woods i know she is safe
this is a good toy for all dog ages ; especially for the water . i have two labs and they both enjoy this toy .
this is a great smelling dog treat that my dogs love . by far the best treat for them that i've found .
very happy the way that id tag looks and the quality , very well made and color is exacly as show
works well , can pick up several dumpings with one scoop , does what a pooper scooper should do :) seems like its sturdy enough to last .
my parent loves this letter he's up and down and always cry minute thank you very much everyone order from this company this is a great company sells great products
my yorkie loves greenies . they are a good way to keep teeth clean and used as a treat trainer as well .
good sturdy bird toy i installed it in my ratties cage and they really like it they play and chew on it and it looks great in their cage .
great price .. works really well for giving daily meds to your dogs . mine take it like its a treat and that makes my life easier .
a great hoodie for fall / winter . it's also all cotton and fleece lined and will keep your baby nice and warm .
this stuff is great . add to it , i am still on this first bottle after my puppy's first full year of life .
it's easy to clean , though i really don't need the clip since i don't leave food in the crate so i only use the bow .
my elderly dog takes several kinds of medicine each day . she thinks she is getting treats not pills when i give her the medicine in pill pockets .
i love this cat litter--smells good , ok on odor control , great scooping and my cats love it too--win win ! ! ! plus organic !
i know labs are supossed to love retrieving balls and sticks mine is not like that but this ball is awesome he loves chasing and retrieving
my puppies love to chew this " bone " for at least ten minutes or more ! it's flexible enough for my two month old puppies !
they are eco friendly and do the job without a problem . they are easy to pull apart without tearing . no problems .
chew toy was a little big for 1 pound puppy now that she is three moths old has played with it more very solid .
i use this to spray the dog pads after washing . it contains an insect growth regulator to proactively prevent flea infestations . good product .
fun item to keep dogs busy . notice treats must be broken into small pieces if not very small so it can fit through opening .
we can definitely tell when i forget to give the cat his breath " treat " . plus he begs for them if i go anywhere near the container .
my shih tzu has 7 years old and he loves these treats , specially the small size , i def . recomend this product .
these filters work great . i still use filtered drinking water in my fountain so i can go a month before changing the filter . thanks
true to size and so cute on my shihtzu ! it's light weight and looks good . easy to get on and off
i have been feeding my cats friskies cat food for years now . this has been a winner . there are never any leftovers !
i have used dasuquin for years for all my big german shepherds . it has helped them immensely as they age .
great treat for turtles . mr . puddles loves this as a treat . i mix this in with other foods and he picks these out to eat first .
does great bubble counter and check valve in one no issues at all i'm happy with it can't complain !
again i thought it was well made but my cats lost interest and one liked chewing it . it would probably be good with kittens .
vet gives positive marks for our dogs clean teeth . just give a small one after each meal as a desert .
this breeze litter system is amazing , and this is definitely the way to go when you need to refill your pellets !
cleared up my dog's ear infection ! i love zymox otic products they save me $ $ on going to the vet !
i give my dog one of these each morning after meal . keeps teeth in good shape . dog loves the treat .
i have a 26 gal tank and this really balances and maintains the heat at a stable temperature . it is the perfect heat size !
doesn't clump , just makes a big mess in the litter box . much easier ( and way cheaper ) to just fill their litter boxes with cage bedding .
these are nice sturdy boxes.they protect my fine china and don't crumble when stacked ( carefully ) for storage.the variety of sizes is also good .
my puppy still loves this , months later . she is a fan of hard plastic , and these rings are so sturdy she can hardly make a dent .
we have 2 of these and works great especially if you start using them when they are puppies . great for training class as well !
greenies dental chews for dogs , regular , pack of 27 are great . they keep my dogs teeth clean and breath fresh .
my older cat loves it and plays with it more than the younger one . she especially likes batting the mouse around on top .
has multiple options such as two dog lease however the wrist could be better . the softer portion does not stay put .
turkey duck and chicken ... oh my gosh our cats go crazy for this particular flavor ! you will not go wrong on this choice !
the cats jumped on it and didnt want to move . it is super soft and looks well built . i think we have a winner .
my toy pom goes crazy over these . i usually break them up into smaller pieces for him . i will be purchasing more soon . =)
my cats didn't find these cat crazies interesting . they ignored them . maybe they are not young enough to enjoy this toy .
i have 3 pomeranians and they all love these snack sticks . i love them because they are made in the usa and appear to be a healthy snack .
my dog loves these . not so loud as to annoy . seems to be holding up pretty well . good price . arrived quickly . packaged well .
my dog loves these treats and i love it too because i know it is healthy with no fill for my dog . highly recommend these treats !
replaced an existing old blade . it is of good quality but i think it dulled down too quickly but most likely no worse then others .
great bone ! my dog is very happy with this . i bought it as a christmas gift and it is now march and it is still going strong .
this tuffy turtle is well made and will hold up to big and little dogs . good size for tug of war .
i like the price . i don't mind having to assemble as all parts are separate . not hard to do .
easy setup and led light is really good perfectly fit on my 29 gallons aquarium . price is good as compare to the one in petco and petsmart .
i bought this for the dog to play with inside the house . it is bigger than a softball and somewhat soft but there is no squeaker .
i'd buy this brand over any other store-bought wet canned food ! the quality is unparalleled , and i feel good knowing my kitties are eating a healthier alternative .
this is great for a dog with ear problems i ordered 2 because it was such a great deal.thanks so muchsweet little schnoodles of michigan
the bowl stays in place and is big enough for my labrador retriever . it's cute and practical . i totally recommend .
they beg and bag and beg for these treats . i love that they are all natural ( well , as most as you can get ) .
it is ok not anything special . can buy this at most dog places . i helps with their coats and skin .
my chinchilla loves these sticks ! i give her a few of the every night and they are in pieces the next morning . will buy again !
this product doesn't work at all . i used this product and my cats have not changed their behavior at all . i am not happy with it .
i bought several of these to have around the house and found it to not work at all for our 3 kitty's , but it was worth the try .
stopped working after a few minutes ... cat was not even touching it ... it just quit for good . tried new batteries , etc ... nothing !
my dog eats these as if they are treats , but i don't know if they actually work , i didn't see any type of difference in her behavior .
i don't know if these filters really do " anything " , but they don't hurt , so i use them " just in case " .
this is a good nutritious brand of dog food . my dog gives it a hearty tail wag and some happy barking . my dog just loves it .
hate it ! ! ! all 4 cats will not eat hill science can cat food vet recomeded i suggest they eat it yuck ! ! !
good food and the fish seem to love it .. it doesnt make the water as dirty as other flake foods that i have used in the past .
i switched to this brand because my family was using it and my dogs are 2 and 3 pounds . it is easy for them to eat .
this really keeps my turtle shell clean and the tank clean . definitely worth using , follow it as directed in the instructions
my cat loves this food and i like the fact that it isn't full of fillers . made with lots of meat .
i have a picky dog and she loves this dog food . i love it too given that it's made of good ingredients . i'm a canidae buyer now !
my dog really loves these treats . just the right size for my papillon . good price , too . better than in pet stores .
keeps water nice and clean . large enough to not worry about leaving for the day . it is also nice and quiet and very easy to keep clean .
nylabone always has nice products . these are no exception . a nice assortment . i would recommend to others for smaller dogs and puppies .
he scarfs this down - - - a little variety is helpful for sure ! :) everything that we receive from this is fresh ! :)
these are some of our bloodhounds favorite treats . they fit great in her kong , and they are easy to break in half for even smaller training treats .
my dog will sit and cry and scratch at the door to the closet that she knows is where i keep these treats .
oh i wish i got two of them , very good quality , my vats fight over it .
was surprised as my dogs can at times be picky but they loved them and i am gload i found them , they are great ,
i have an 18 pound cat and he fits in the small bed . he is nice and snug there and sleeps in it every night .
dog and cats will actually beg for these as their treats and medicating 3 out of 5 pets is now a joy .
i got the senior on accident . they seem the same as regular . they are expensive and stinky but dogs love stinky .
feliway works great for shy kittys . it also helped keep the peace between my original kittys and a new kitten . i would recommend this product .
i soak their nori in this and they just tear it apart . my fish love it . it should be part of their regular diet .
we often keep customers ' dogs that require medications and this is a great way to administer pills to the dogs !
cats really like these scratch pads . this is the fiorst time i have used them & will be purchasing them again .
we have 5 dogs and we use this for them . it works well and doesn't irritate their skin . highly recommended .
my kitties demand these treats every day ; i dare not run out of them , or i'm toast !
my large 100 + size dog loves the taste of these . amazon had the best price for these . will order again .
this product was a good value and i had no problems . i have pits with weird food allergies and this was very well tolerated and well liked .
this does not get rid of stains nor does it prevent your dog from going in the same area as advertised .
combs nicely thru my black lab's thick hair ; but , he would rather chew on it than be brushed by it !
my dogs started throwing up after i started giving them this . i threw the product away , and my babies were fine .
arthritic hands will love this scoop - this is my second order so i don't have to move it between floors .
after only 2 uses , a seam on the apple broke-open . i've never seen that happen with any toy . cat loved it ! poor quality :(
the pump fits our pond well and the fountain is really flowing . the sound is great !
i bought several small squeaky toys like this one . my little chihuahua loves taking them out of their hive and then squeaking and playing with each one .
these are very good liners that fit specifically to the booda dome litter box . they are strong and durable . good product !
it failed after a few months . the flexible handle that you start the siphon with loses it's vacuum after several uses . i would recommend something else .
it's a bit noisy but my dog loves this toy . it's sturdy and has held up for a while now .
i have been giving this to my large breed dog to help with joints , works great ! best price on amazon , very expensive in pet stores .
my big dogs love these ! they don't keep our 70 lb dogs super busy for long but they do love them and so do i !
my water quality sucked until i got this . don't go with the standard mass produced brands stick with this one .
i give this to my fish every other day or so and they love it . why a minimun word count .
this shirt is embroidered and well made ! it looks great on my english bulldog , and he has no complaints . great buy !
we got the stegosaurus and it is great . cool design and good for our dog that is a strong chewer .
when it's getting close to bed time my quaker likes to snuggle beside this . i think he finds it comforting .
vitakraft peanut drops is a great treat for dogs . it is a great treat for training . it was shipped on time .
great when i can get my dog to sit still but he doesn't seem to mind flavor or having his teeth brushed
the bird love this and i wish it would stay together but it does fall apart and its a pain in the ass
durable and easy to clean ! my puppy loves to run around the house with this and to play tug o war .
i love the shape of this chew toy but my dog does not show much interest in it and she usually loves toys
very accurate test kit . easy to read the results and easy directions . i wish these test kits could be a little cheaper though .
we have three malamutes weighing 100 , 112 and 156 lbs , respectively . dingos are one of their favorite treats to get .
grain free and salmon too . my dogs love these treats and they are not high in calories . a great treat !
product seems to work well . really came in handy when trying to clean up where a neighbors cat had marked my porch .
i have used for a long time and they are great my son is now using for his hunting dogdejuan neilson 280 wheeler rdgray , ga 31032
my dog has sensitive stomach and did very well on this food , which was recommended to us by his vet .
i use this to store my dogs blue buffalo dog food . it works well and it much better than having it kept in the bag .
these are nice because they are divided into small sections and the charcoal does not all bunch up into the bottom of the filter .
these are awesome . i feel as if i'll never need to replace a scoop again . just keep this one clean .
only the color i mean great with all things hats , shorts dresses and pants , anything you can think of.to cute to pass up ..
dog loves to play ball and she plays on her own with it . good size for a big dog mouth
i bought these for my chinchilla and he loves them . i give him a few at a time and he loves the willow .
this product is greasy and it smells very bad . i would not recommend this unless your dogs are outside dogs .
great nail clipper . it does the job it is supposed and the design makes it easy to clip my little guys nails .
for owners of large dog breeds this is the bed for you , more than enuff room for all your big dogs
i think it was advertised as " fits most pets " . it was too small , but fine otherwise . i gave it to a cat owner .
bought for use in kitty's water fountain and they do just what they are supposed to , filter the water . who could ask for more ?
well made long lead with a very heavy duty clasp . not much else to say : works as expected.great leash at a good price .
too difficult to get on . i'm returning this and have bought a vest-type harness that's easy to put on the cat and seems much more secure !
doesn't smell like catnip to me and apparently it didn't to the cats either . great idea , didn't work for my household .
great price and fun for the bunny . chubby bunny loves to chew . i also bought some clothes pins at the dollar store and she likes those too .
this kong toy is great for our black lab / pitbull mix . she loves to play fetch and has not torn it up yet .
we use this in the dogs water everyday . it was recommended if you do not have time to brush their teeth . who does ? seems to wofrk
these are just the same as the ones manufactured for fluval . i will only purchase these from now on for my 2 fx5 ' s .
great for removing dog hair from our couch cover . it does create some static , so i would suggest getting it wet first to minimize static .
i use these scissors to trim the hair around my yorkies ' ears , eyes , etc .. easy to use and good for upkeep
so glad i can get this via amazon .. it really helps in my dogs digestion . and say to sprinkle over the food .
even half a chew is good for calming my cats . kept them calm without them seeming drugged , sluggish , or lethargic .
works for my dog i use it as a training aid to keep pet from chewing certain things i recommend
cats never seemed to take to this . i don't think it was sturdy enough . ended up being good shelving for junk .
my cat loves this toy - the best $ 10 i could spend . he thinks it's a real bird ... so funny to watch !
my vet recommended for my 14 yr old golden retriever and my 5 1/2 yr old lab with acl problems . seems to be working well .
i bought 8 of these to stop squirrels from eating my christmas cactus and it works very well
we order the smallest ones and use them for training treats with our dachshunds . they will do anything we ask when we use them .
got this for my seahorses . they seem to really like this food , but remember , dont only feed your pets this , its not very nutritional .
just what i wanted . nice firm sides that won't collapse when dog in . all 3 really like and will buy another smaller one for the little guy .
these bones last forever . for heavy chewers ( like my morkie ) these are great . she chews on them almost every day .
well made . there are some overlapping in sizing . it's hard to know which size to get because it depends on how snug you need to fasten it .
just right for our maine coon cats . not too loud compared to other clippers .
this black light was a total waste of money . i was not able to make out anything on my carpeting with this light .
i have a very sensitive tummy chihuahua and thought this might help.it did not and just prolonged the upset .
purchased to help the dogs take the horse pill fish oil capsules . whenever i grab the bag you can tell they know whats up and are very excited .
always a safe buy for the turtle tank - durable and animal proof , seems to work fine usually lasts about a year so good for the money
my kitties really like to play with this toy and it washes just fine in the washing machine .
i chose this food at the recommendation of my vet . my cats like it . i feed the dry version also .
my cats love this food . they don't overeat and one that was a bit overweight has lost a little weight so far .
my big dogs loved this . not in a fun playtime way but in a " let's eat this way . " i had to throw it away.sigh .
the cats just haven't got into this toy . they love their other kong toys but just didn't get into this one for some reason .
this one didn't last too long the squeakers collapsed and don't squeak anymore so they have lost interest , my dogs like noisy toys !
my dog loves this food and i'm happy feeding her healthy food . she gets blue buffalo mixed with homemade food and she is in dog food bliss .
my 2 doxies love all the get naked brand chew sticks ... and these are no exception ... freshen breath and they are low calorie !
this spade set is made very well . i like how big it is and it it easy to clean after using it .
fussie cat premium tuna with chicken ... just another delicious flavor for your fussy cat ! lots of chicken and tuna and my kitty loves it !
these are really nice and flexible and won't crack . price seemed high but they will last a long time . the paw shape is adorable too .
but i decided to keep it . within 2 days it was pulled off and ripped . won't get this brand again .
i haven't met a dog that doesn't love these treats . i have them auto shipped so my dog stays on speaking terms with me .
smells delicious . love to use this on our pit bull puppy ! he may not enjoy his bath time , but we certainly do afterwards with this shampoo .
soft bristles on a head angled to do a proper job of brushing those back teeth . works very well on a small mini poodle .
great crate - it is good quality , easy to assemble , and i'm very happy with the purchase ! i would recommend !
my puppy and his dog park friends are crazy for these treats . they gobble them faster than any other kind of treat ! fantastic .
my german shepherd and my boxer both love these balls . the balls squeak which give added chewing and chasing fun for the dogs . would highly recommend .
this is great for our outings , the little dog always has clean fresh water we love it and it is easy to carry and compact .
fluval rocks ! ! ! bio-screen is first part of the five stage filtration system . if you want a clean tank go fluval ! !
product does not seem cheap at all , definitely worth the price . it fits and looks great on my sixty pound pit .
these chews have become decoration for my guinea pigs ' cage as they completely ignore them . they prefer to chew on sticks and huts .
i was extremely happy to find the cartridges i use at such a great price . the convenience is also a bonus .
it clips cleanly and either i have a well behaved cat , or these were easier to use than when i tried to clip a cats nails before .
dog has no problem going in / out of it . good quality design that gave my dog the reedom to go outside when he wants to !
runs entirely too small . if you have a small dog you would have to order a co and pray it fits .
i put these in a starmark treat ball , and my dog absolutely loves them and is totally occupied for at least an hour .
i should have read all of the reviews . i thought i was going to receive three of these . only one came .
my dogs have a great time chewing this toy that resists there antics . i recommend it for anyone who loves there dogs !
dog likes it but it is very easy for her to get all the treat out . i wish it lasted longer
the cat isn't super interested in this , but it's fun to have a laser toy anyway , and the rest of the family enjoys shooting it around .
my slider really likes these . he can consume one in about a month . he enjoys it and it adds calcium to his diet .
it works great and i love the design . this is a beautiful piece of equipment . the design fits any modern decor .
well , how could i have lived without one of these all these years ? i think it's a great item . thanks .
only downside is that when you freeze it , it doesn't stay frozen for long . puppy likes to pull at strings
not the greatest flea treatment , but cant beat the price ! i did notice that my dog wouldnt scratch that much anymore .
this is an excellent leash . it can be shortened or lengthened as needed . it recoils neatly when we are through walking .
this lasted all of ... 5 minutes in our house ... sorry bunny . i also also not impressed by its size , could've been larger .
looks cool but my dog destroyed it in five minutes . durable it is not . cute though and maybe good for another dog .
we get this product regularly for our guinea pig . it is the same as we get at the local pet store , but slightly cheaper online .
i thought it was suppose to be extra strong but my vizsla still broke it into pieces . disappointed . k k
my dog enjoys these and we all know how important keepibng a dog's teeth clean is and these help . great service .
kitten loves it . keeps him amused for hours . the ball moves so easily around and can move very fast too .
i have 2 dogs and they love all the cadet products . i feel good about buying their products , because my girls love them so much .
product as described and a bit cheaper than the stores . i like it because this line is clear in color .
i like this because the material on this toy lasts the rough play from my dogs . it also has a squeaker inside .
my dog will not leave my cats toys alone and when he brought me this wet bird it freaked me out . it look so real .
i got the small ones because my pup tends to gobble his treats . they are great size for him and he actually likes them !
puppy loves them . i go through 1-2 a week for a 14 week old portuguese water dog
tuffys makes a truly strong product ! our pups love their toys and we love them because they last ! great value !
these are pretty sturdy but i haven't been able to get my dogs to use so much . just a little too narrow & steep i think .
perfectly fit in my fluval 305 baskets . the egg-carton shape allows air to help colonize bacteria.expensive , but should last a long long time .
this is the best product to use for your dogs - always use this brand and no fleas or problems at all !
big bag . very useful . have no complaints . great item . used for hamsters and bunny would recommend to others with no problem .
my cat rarely plays with this , but she rarely plays with toys . seems well made and might be more enticing to younger cats .
but many of the biscuits were broken . more than normal . disappointed for that reason.the biscuits are small enough and i dont need all the crumbs .
good value for the price . good size for our dogs.looks great and it is easy to clean . highly recommended .
what can you say for kong except that their products take abuse from my pits and outlasts all other items i found .
the picture makes this toy look larger than it is . it is way too small for my dog . he does however play with it .
i've gone through half the jar already with 3 dogs , each getting the recommended dose , following the directions to a t ... still farting . : /
this is good stuff but doesn't help with bad breath like i hoped it would but the dogs love it and its good for their teeth
small enough to use for training , my pup loves them . also small enough to place in puzzle toys to keep him busy
maybe for a rat - but chinnies luv it too . super pet perfect chews for rats is an awesome and money well spent product . thumbs up !
love these trays for potty pads . my dogs go on them and it is easy to change pads and lovk them down .
three of my cats love this treat . they get a few twice a day and love it . nice to buy variety with a good price .
my dogs love treats , but they weren't impressed with these . they actually didn't eat them and i gave them to a friend for her dog .
purchased these for small sized dog bowls.they appear to be of good quality.they grip very well and wash easily.glad i made the purchase .
saved my fish tank and simplified the many air accessories i needed to make it look good . these puppies are just what the star fish needed !
my youngest cat can't get enough of these balls ... the things bounce high and roll all over the place ... he loves it ! ! !
sadly both by cats had just no interest in this whatsoever . why i have to have nine more words for this review is beyond me .
the cats in our families love this catnip . i grow my own in the spring , but until summer the cats love yeowww !
the small bottle is $ 50 at the vet office . so that much product for the amount it's a great deal .
a really good product , much better than many of the competitors . it's hard to beat this price . i would buy again .
doesn't fit our accord coupe as it they should be used , but we purchased some stick on velcrow and making it work , so far so good !
my cats either love this stuff or sort of like it , depending on their mood . it's nutritious , my cats have bright eyes and shiny fur :]
i have order a couple of times and will be ordering again . great product , received as promised . can't beat the value .
i hate to say it but this cracklechute looks exactly like the chute they sell at walmart for $ 8 .
fit my fountain and does a good job keeping the water clean . good price for the large pack . what else can i say , it's a filter .
reasonably priced , quality ingredients , what more can you ask for . my dog loves this stuff and we feel good giving him more natural foods .
i purchased this as a gift for my friend who has several cats and it has been the perfect transport on vacation trips and going to the veterinarian's office .
i have hounds that chew - four of them . this dinosaur keeps them out of trouble and happy . i will be buying lots more !
after that not so much . they had more fun with the box it came in
this carrier bed is more plush than others i've purchased , and it looks very well made . fits into carrier perfectly .
this collar had absolutely no effect on my dog , i found it to be a waste of time and money
always use this product works great very trusted product never have any issues with this product i would recommend this to anyone .  .
i bought this is an alternative filter for my tank and it worked out well . it is quiet and fits perfectly with my 3 gallon .
despite the chew guard technology , our 12 pound schnauzer chewed off a black fabric hand within the first hour of delivery by ups .
used this one for a doggie gift . great for a smaller dog since the flea has multiple arms and legs .
they fell apart in pieces when my dog took one bite . this is a choking hazard ! do not buy these !
i you are looking for a high quality low moisture ( less water than any i have seen anywhere ) the value is there .
my dogs loved this and i was pleased with the size and construction . they took to it right away which pleased me ,
my little miniature schnauzer loves these treats . he is always so excited to get one .
the squeaker is located in an odd place that makes it hard for my puppies to find . they still carry it around and it keeps them occupied .
i was sponsering a shelter dog and this was part of her gift basket . i did get up to date photos of her loving every second of it !
my dog rips them apart pretty quickly , might last longer with a dog that doesn't shake @throw them around as much .
i thought they were pricey but so worth it when it comes to needed aquarium parts ! work very well for connections .
nylabone seems to be having an issue with product quality . i hope someone from nylabone is reading tees reviews and addresses the decline in product quality issues
very disappointing low quality metal clasp . poorly designed and shoddy assembly - let's go of puppy ! ! ! what a waste of a good brand name !
great light . i have a heavily planted tank and this does great with my plants .
i think it's too tightly compressed to give off the scent of catnip . my cats ignored it entirely . don't bother .
the dogs love this toy . i had to buy a couple more because they were fighting over it . it is the toy of choice .
if you are buying these it's because you need them and a review really won't matter much . as far as gaskets go it's a fine one
loved this harness for our old english bulldog . she is very muscular and this worked great for her . was easy to put on !
my dogs prefer the thrive tast over this chicken flavor . i think the greens are different in the thrive , with they like best .
everybody seems to like it . the shrimps pick up as many as they can carry and run off with half the feeding .
this bone is expensive , but my dog really really likes it ... nice horn for a golden retriever . i would buy more if they were cheaper .
kitty is flea and tick free and this cost less than half of what the vet would have charged . fantastic buy .
keeps active dog busy . a little noisy on a hard floor . easy to fill with small treats or cheerios . worth the money .
this stuff really and i mean really works , i order this product every month and would recomend you to do the same .
i have this on both my big tanks . keeps my tanks much cleaner than other other filter i've used . my puffer tank is spotless .
appreciate the big end that enables feeders to be hung on fatter objects . gives more options where feeders can be hung .
nice ear wash ! helps eliminate the ear smell of my dogs and keeps the ears nice and clean ! nice to know its natural as well
they fit my fountain they seem to work well and the cat is drinking the water.will buy more when these are gone .
i couldn't keep one of my puppies from shredding the pads . for that matter neither of them would use it for it's intended purpose
it's a filter , it will probably catch your fishes poop , any other questions ? fit's my filstar xp3 well . flippy floppy dune buggy chuggy !
gluten-free and high protein is the best diet for dogs . breaking up these dog treats into small bits help in training .
got this to replace an old one . our dog is a pretty strong chewer and they last a long time !
my cats love these toys ! got this one as a gift for a friend . her cat loved it so much she carries it around .
since you have to brush their teeth why not spray it into the mouth and let the product work for you .
secure , nice accurate color , well made . runs a bit small so beware . very sturdy material and safe for your pet .
the dog loves the treats and they are good for her teeth ... she thanks you and so does i .. i would recommend this to anyone
it took a while for my pup to get the idea . now she rings it constantly ! ! i would recommend this to everyone ! ! !
i have a couple of saltwater aquariums in the house and these are filtration refills . they work exactly as promised .
my small yorkie is missing some teeth and has a little trouble eating large size kibble . he has not problem eating this food and loves the taste .
i placed my order february 9 . it still hasn't even shipped yet ! the payment cleared from my bank 4 days ago .
it must , the dogs can't get enough of it . they go crazy whenever i take this out . the toothbrush is good quality too , very study .
this is a valuable neccessity for training my puppy . i would recommend this item to anyone house training a puppy
great seller ... the best service ! the best product , hands down ! fassssssssst delivery ! i only buy puppia and this is the best place to buy !
a manual vacuum could clean a tank better than this product . not worth the price . i would not recommend it .
beautiful color and perfect size for crate . dog loves cuz it is very cozy and warm . very soft and sleep well
now that the cats like the kennel , the plush bed attached to the perch , hides the catnip they desperately search for .
really nice trimmer that i can use in a flash to help keep my sadie nice a trimmed up . you can not go wrong with this trimmer .
another great treat from pet naturals . dogs simply love these . can't beat price on amazon . great for training ! your dog will thank you . :)
love the coats but the elastic that goes around the leg area was a little short , so had to add a little more to make it work better :)
i use it when i see my puppy scratching furiously in one spot and it seems to do the trick . i would recommend along with the shampoo
my cats love it and it is a great item we have a play pen so they use this to sleep in
my birds love it . great bird toys for a great price . always looking for fun bird toys for a decent price . thanks ! !
only used once so far but it worked great . it sucked everything a lot faster than i was expecting but it did the job !
this product has really helped to keep my cats interested and slim them down . i totally recommend it !
i don't know what it is about them but my buns love these cubes , its a great way to treat them without filling them with sugar
my large dog ate this in a few hours , then vomited it back up . use this only for small dogs .
size runs very small . my fault for not looking at sizing info . am ordering a larger size , very well made , and precious ! ! !
my dogs love buddy berries . forget trying to find them in toys ... too much work , too tiring . they would rather eat a handful .
fantastic item . both my cats loved the swooping motions . great toy to help them jump and twist and turn while trying to catch the bird .
great launcher , our pup loves playing ball , and so this is ideal for throwing the ball further than we'd ordinarily be able to .
these are a bargain compared to other places , including the pet stores i go to . very happy with them and will be ordering more .
and i like that it helps with her hairballs . i mix this with the maine coon 31 so she eats quite a bit slower than a normal cat .
i really like this collar . not so scratch resistant but looks great on my bombay cat named shadow .
this thing is mostly flour or some kind of grain . chicken is very little , and flour is shaped like a piece of chicken .
my sister's dog loved the treats and my sister will only give her dog natural treats . she like these and so did her corgi .
easy to hold on to when combing your pet.grip fill good in your hand making it easier to get the job done .
after trying several brands , i settled on puppia many years ago . they are soft , durable , adjustable and comfortable . i won't use anything else .
the cat's love it . they don't smell great but they don't smell awful either . i do wish the package kept them fresher .
this product is a very good product . it did what it promised and killed all the fleas and flea eggs .
great ! ! ! they chase them , hide them , sleep with them . my bengal loves for me to throw them so we play fetch daily .
everything fluval makes has made me happy . i have zero complaints . the product holds up well and is easy to use ! a + + +
works well for my dog who has seborrhea and always itchy . works well for about ten days at a time
my dog has osteoarthritis and 1 tablet twice a day seems to help keep the inflammation down . the price is better than the vet for the same thing .
my morkie broke this kong in less than a week . they need to make the smaller kongs more stronger and durable for small dogs .
too frustrating have to push the food around too many times . found a better one with 4 ' compartments .
i didn't even realize what i was missing out on not using this sooner . haven't seen fleas in 6 months .
these are the best training pads i have ever used . i am impressed with the quality of the pads and the quick service in getting my purchase .
my dogs love these and they last forever . i have two strong chewers and these last for months . consider the other flavors , too .
item was exactly as promised . shipping was speedy and item came packaged for safety . great seller . i will shop again with this seller !
i have try so many ear product this one is ok but i am using another also well i will keep using it .
it doesn't really lock down all the way after using it a few times . i would prefer to get a different jar for my dog .
they look like they out the same way , but did not open them yet . probably have to cut them also .
my labs have had this bone for a year now and they still love it ! it is still in good condition . definitely recommend .
my kitty loves and she is picky . i keep my jar in the refrigerator and when i open the jar she goes nuts .
the ball has to weigh a good ten pounds but its all solid rubber does not bounce mmore meant for rolling but otherwise not bad .
my dog gave this one star ... i would have rated it higher because it is very nutritious but he refused to eat it .
nice chews my cat likes a lot . i would recommend them to my friends.thank you thank you thank you
our dog carries this around in his mouth squecking away , and then drops it for us to throw ! he is not happy when he can't find it !
eh , might be good for another small animal and perhaps it was not make for chinchillas , either way , our chinnie did not like it much .
we bought these when we introduced our yellow bellied slider to the koi pond . didnt harm the fish . slow release tablets and works just fine
usually tuffy toys are durable and bigger . this product is very small and isn't holding up to the yorkie and chiweenie let alone the rotties .
pretty much what the title said . the kittens will play with this for a few minutes at a time . my two adult cats can't see the point .
fantastic product that no dog owner should be without . it cleans there accidental actions and takes away the scent that they don't come back to
i have a chihuahua and she hates dog food , she just wanted the people food , since i get the canadie she loves it :)
we like the flavors ... they take it easily in their food . caplets make it easy to mix in food ! will get again
my jack just loves his foutain . i don't know how i would keep him in fresh clean water without it .
really like the smell and the mist is very refreshing between shampoo . i certainly highly recommend this product for dry coats .
has been a staple for him ever since he was a kitten ... trade off to another food once is awhile to keep his interest up ...
the dobie pup likes it but it's got a really loud and piercing squeaker.it ' s like buying your kid a drum set .
it seems to work in my daughter's home but did nothing for my cats . plus i found i was allergic to it .
its wide enough for my 12 lbs chihuahua pug mix . nice soft steps . wish it was a little taller , just a little
i like this product as well as my cat sparkle . i especially like the new plastic liners and the solid lid .
one of my two senior samoyeds used these when he could no longer walk . i added two poise pads and they worked well .
my vet recommended this product for my 2 teacup yorkies . they just gobble them up and i've been buying them for years .
i use pawz blue water-proof dog boot to keep my dogs paws from scratching the interior of my car , works well
good product . i have used this in the mint , rose , and the lavender versions and the lavender works better . this is a nice litter .
i have shih tzu's and this is my favorite size blade ... not to short and andis is a great quality blade ... fast shipping and would buy again ...
these are a great afternoon snack ... for my dog . i had you going didn't i ? seriously though , these are great healthy snacks for your pooch .
small dog loves it ! one of the few toys that he returns to time after time . also , other small toys will fit in if desired .
pets love the bed . it is so soft and well padded , a nice red color . keeping it clean is a breeze--machine wash and dry !
great product , easy to refill plus chairs easily from leash to leash ; a girl has to have more than one lease !
these look like real food , which i suppose is because they are . my dog loves these . i'd definitely purchase these again .
i have a goldendoodle with long hair . he does not like to be brushed with this product , especially on his legs / feet .
right now it's 82 degrees in my tank , and this thermometer shows 72 . could not recommend , it will kill your fish .
i have a large litter and this milk was easily accepted by puppies ! they are growing good on it with the little milk momma dog is offering
excellent product . my african grey loves these . so much more of a natural look and feel than extruded pellets . fiesta blend is her favorite , though .
these are great , healthy treats ! they are the perfect size for the kongs , too ! my 2 labs really love them !
the bone design is really cute , yet it is still manly enough for my male dog . ( like he really cares . ha )
my 4 dogs love these treats and it helps their joints also so its a win-win
does not work period . waste of money ! i guess we have super fleas here in ga . this did not kill one flea .
this is a good crinkle toy for cats . i always spray cat nip on their toys like this type before giving it to them .
these bags are huge ! ! ! they smell great and do a great job ! best poop bags i have ever bought ! worth every penny !
nice heavy weight rope for a power chewer . it lasted much longer than most rope toys.it actually lasted several months and my dog loved it .
no problems with product whatsoever ! have used this product on multiple dogs for multiple years . won't buy anything else ! great price with free shipping options .
great price on subscribe and save ... almost half of pet store price ! our big pup loves it and very highly rated ! made in usa ...
very confortable , and easy to was , and the pillow inside is protected so cannot get wet , my babies and their mothers love the little bed .
just the best of this class of litter . i've tried nearly everything else , and this one does everything it says .
my cats love this . this is probably the cheapest toy i have ever purchased & my cats love it . i would recommend this .
cats are distracted and love it . the problem is the light stopped lighting in 2 weeks . will contact company to see if they will refund or replace
our ferrets love this - they particularly like to chase each other through it . twists and turns , knots etc . very versatile
we have a kitten that we can't get to play with toys . i tried everything . this one is finally it ! she loves it .
did what i bought it for ... to get rid of the fleas and ticks off my dog . the price was very competitive .
felt like i was cleaning with water lol not sure if i would buy this again . oh well at least it wasn't too pricey
this shampoo leaves your dog smelling great and very clean without over drying the coat . plus it brightens the white and cream coats .
my 8 month old rottie girl had the end chewed off and swallowed in less than 5 minutes . not for extreme chewers .
as expected . these are large and the dogs love them . they are a little messy but they are ham bones lol . recommended .
my cat , frankie , will eat only fancy feast , grilled . i alternate the gravy dishes with the regular grilled items . she's happy
the cat really liked this scratcher both when it was on the floor and on the wall . used it for stretching and scratching.sweet .
these bully sticks were a good price and good quality . my dog loves them and only gets them when she is in the crate .
this product works as advertising . it helps to keep your ph always at solid 7 . i just use it when changing water half of the tank .
i use this spray in all areas of my house , making sure my pets stay off it till it dries . it seems to work well .
dog loves them.she seems to be more energetic when she has them . thinks they're a treat .
product really works and i don't use it every time i feed my puppy . he eats it mixed up with his food .
entertaining and occupies my dog for a long while . it takes some doing for the dog to get the food out , fun to watch .
my girls love these but i refuse to buy them because they are made in china and i will not buy them treats from china .
it's as good as the furminator ( i have one ) but is much more affordable and this one also has a comb !
yes , it is expensive but my vet says it is working well . it doesn't seem to affect the taste for the dog .
i guess the point was to firm up my dog's stools . this didn't do it and she didn't much like it anyway . i've tossed it .
this foam is the best filter foam i have ever used . and aqua clear products are second only to fluval products .
much more accurate than a plastic hydrometer . easier to use also . seems well made all aluminum and rubber and glass .
not a bad one in the bunch well built i am very happy with the purchase i greatly recommend these .
they are small and per the look on my papillon's face quite taste and he and his sister are quite picky . we will keep these in stock .
my dog loves the chewy fruitables . they contain very little protein compared to other dog treats , which is great for her since she has kidney issues .
has t worked yet ... breast as toxic as ever , lol ! will keep trying , but don't feel too hopeful that things will improve dramatically .
i got this product for my 35lb dog so he would have some extra space to move around and it did just that .
another great nylabone puppy chew . the rings can rattle adding more fun to the toy when my 10wk old lab plays with them .
my cats adore these , all i have to do is rattle the package and they come running . definitely a hit !
i plugged this little guy in and haven't thought about it since . it continues to run and so far has stayed super quiet .
the quality is very durable for my playful bunch , and love the fact that when it's flat all you do is put in a fresh empty bottle .
have 3 cats all 3 love it , i keep it on subscription , much less problems with hairballs ... so i love it ! ! !
our little dogs love these and i loved the price and ( hopefully ) how they are helping their teeth . would recommend .
been very handy . bags hold up for the job . convenient . good supply in the order . i do recommend this product
dogs like it ok when mixed with their hard food but it is soupy seems like use too much water in production of this product
i wanted my dogs to love these because of the good ingredients but they aren't excited about them . they'll eat them if they're in the mood .
my dog was not into this at all . he couldn't really figure it out and didn't care to . it seemed like a good idea though .
i just used this with my pit bull and rat terrier for the first time last week and it worked wonderfully . :) i am very pleased .
i bought this toy more than two years ago adn it's still in pristine condition . neither of my two cats shows the least interest in it .
good litter box . when the cats cover up their business , the litter stays in the box . recommended for cats .
my french bulldog puppy loves this . a great energy release for dogs with lots of pent up anxiety or not enough to do .
the only thing that could be improved on this is a longer handle is needed , it's much shorter than i thought it would be
my dog can't get enuf of this treat . although it's a special treat for her , she goes nuts every time she gets one .
i like how it's made in the u . s . dog likes its taste very much , and chews it nonstop till it's gone .
this is the cheapest cichlid food i could find and my fish seem to like it . i will continue to purchase this product .
i really like these grooming scissors because the ball tipped end helps a lot in trimming my little dog's hair over her eyes .
not worth it . my dog torn it up in less than a week . too flimsy and too small . very disappointed with this toy .
my cats love these chewy lysine treats , they always come running when they hear me open the bag , i have to keep them hidden
good dog food , at least my thinks so . no chinese products in the food . good price too . give it a try .
i use this with my 7 lb yorkie . we use to as a gate instead of a pen . works great !
does what it is supposed to ! turtles usually just eat it but that works ! i woudl like a bigger block
this is not durable . i give it 2 stars because only the middle is still left . the ends were chewed off in 2 minutes .
this is about the best product for odor that we've found . i love that we can just refill our point and shoot container .
gave to my little morkie when traveling as she often gets car sick and she made it through without getting sick !
dogs love it ... agrees with their digestion , keeps them active , healthy skin with glorious coats , too ! so happy i finally found this product !
bland color and no appealing scent . my dogs would not touch them nd would only take them to bury them around the house
great for fungus infection.mange , and bacterial infection . help my dog hair to grow back faster ... just make sure you follow directions
my dog wore out the old cover for his coolaroo bed . so far this replacement is holding up nicely .
i gave my dog composure for about 1 week plus and nothing changed . she is now on prozac . after 1 week i now see a change .
my boxer destroys everything and he just loves this toy and after several weeks shows no wear at all . this was a home run .
after numerous toys we bought for our puppy , nylabone has consistently come through as tough , durable & appealing . would recommend this brand for anyone !
strong smell of the powder in the jar . a little goes a long way , so this is a nice way to save money on the pre-mixed stuff .
dogs like it , i guess , 2 got into a fight over it , but it gave them stinky dog farts .
this is a great training tool to work on recall with a dog . i have hounds who are driven by scent and this works wonderfully during training .
this clicker is ok , doesn't blow me away but it works and the wrist band is convenient . ok product , ok price .
they work better than i suspected and does the job that i need done there are better though , they'll do for the price . ,
seems to be a good quality product . however , our dog never plays with it . lots of other toys he enjoys just not this one .
great quality of seachem as always . i use this in my 150 gallon planted tank . plants are doing great . i will keep buying
this is an okay product , i dont love it and i dont hate it . not the most attractive thing ever ...
bouncy bouncy fun fun fun fun fun . lol . my dogs love these toys , they are good quality , just enough squeak and bounce
i have a tall birdcage , and this makes a great shelf for my birdbath . it is discrete and fits nicely .
the cats do not like it , guess it causes some disconfort . it works as good or better than anything else i have tried
puppy did not like it cold and tore it to shreds quite quickly . the cats seems to like to play with it more .
we needed this in a hurry and it is perfect ! fits the crate we ordered perfectly and i would order again .
this is a very thin leash and super short . not put together good , cheap looking . i would not recommend it to anyone .
my dog is 3lbs this is perfect size . measurements were very accurate . it's just too cute & will be super warm for michigan weather
this door was very easy to install and was the perfect size for our poms . adjusts to fit different door thicknesses . easy do-it-yourself project .
cats love the flavor and they are made in the usa so no poison chinese treats in this bag . my cats like them .
ordered xs for my 7 lbs maltese.sizing too small.feels less than 10 inches . otherwise a nice sweater . order one size up .
he is 60 lbs and this size is perfect . the crate is very easy to setup and made very well . recommended !
i use these in my bone dispenser and they come out very easy and rip well . nice bag density .
it works just like it said it would , easy to read instructions , and great price , what else can you ask for ?
mother hubbard treats contain both . google the above and aspca and read all about it . your vet will tell you too.shame on mother hubbard .
oh how i wish i had this scooper decades ago ! it gets the job done in one fell swoop scoop ! !
i used it as directed for one of my cats with tapeworm and it cleared things right up . i recommend
my dog is picky about treats and she loves this product . it's also low on calories . as the headline says , this really works .
great stuff all my fish love it , but i mainly bought it to feed red cherry shrimp . it is great for them .
love the de tangling ability and the wonderful smell . my standard poodle looks great after i bathe him . helps with daily upkeep too !
did nothing for tear stains but eyes look clearer 11 more words what do they want you to say it's ok
i use this to store my homemade laundry detergent . it's perfect . it is well constructed and holds up to the weight .
best clicker ever ! i like the sound it makes - i can hear it and so can my dog ! thanks !
this package is a good value for many filters . i use it in my aquaclear 150 and it is less expensive ordering the item from aquaclear .
no one makes a better diaper for female or male dogs than this company . the green one that is the latest design is superb . limitless stars .
essential , since we have the drinkwell 360 fountain . cats love running water and this has 4 spouts and you can adjust the flow .
great stuff , no dust , regular cat litter is so , dusty , no dust when you clean the boxes out . great stuff ... sandi
does exactly what i needed it for . i honestly should have ordered this much sooner . this is perfect for cutting around my huskies ears .
i have 3 dogs 2 puppies and 1 older dog and all 3 go crazy over them i have to order a box every 2 weeks
at first he did not like seafood . then all of a sudden he loves it ! he always asking for more .
easy to see . clasp is sturdy . i've been using this for over a month and no signs of any problems with it .
female german shepherd 7 mo's 50lbs.good quality feel.reflective parts are small but functional . no complaints at all , also got the rogz collar .
i love my litter locker . each refill lasts about 2 weeks for two cats and saves time and reduces odor . i wouldn't do without it .
i ordered the one in the red box but they sent me this instead . just added it to tank , hopefully it does what i need .
he does not pee on it , but uses it as a mat to lie down on and relax . holds up ok after washing .
my little dogs love these and this is the best price i have found ! it is so convenient to have them delivered to my home as promised .
this is a great product and a must if you have an aquarium but you can not beat the price
this product , used as directed does wonders keeping my little maltese's eyes looking clean . i mix it in with mollie's food and she eats it up ! !
my kitties love their meow mix . it gives them a change of taste from the usual fancy feast and friskies .
buying this in the 6 - pack is totally worth it . it's a money saver !
cats love these if you can keep them from under the appliances . they'd rather play with them loose than on the pole .
my cat rio dejanerio just loves gravy , and this product suits her very well . happy happy happy cat , will buy more .
my cats really like this meow mix a lot-they love all varieties of meow mix and they are healthy with very shiny coats and very active .
they claim it sinks but when i dropped them , 99 % of the food did not sink . not worth the money .
my wired fox terrier destroys a lot of chew toys . however this bone is still intact after months . maybe too big for his size
it was alright it had 300 but there not quite effective for me my dogs use it up with one pee
these last 1/2 year and are a great price for that ! they come fast and fit perfectly - can't say much more .
this is the best laser pointer i have ever bought , it is really put together well . it is also very comfy to use .
does not look like the picture no where near as cute , and the stitching is getting loose already very disappointed
the hook broke within 5 minutes of use . going to return it . the hooks look very cheap . i am glad the dog did not run away .
these beds are best of all - washable . our dogs love them and so do we . well made and worth the cost - we bought two .
these look well made but my cat won't eat them . she loves whiskas temptations , but totally ignore these . my dog likes them though .
small and easy to pack . dishwasher safe ( top shelf ) . i love the colors and i am keeping one in my car and purse also .
everything you need in one test kit . the testing tubes are held in the container so that there is no accidental spills .
of course my dog likes them but he also likes to eat dead things on the street which is what these smell like to me .
good and fun ball for our gsd's . they love to play and try to get the inner ball out ! ! ! i would recommend this dog ball !
my kitties love these chews but they are pretty expensive . if you don't mind the cost , they really work to keep kitties ' breath fresh .
buy it and if you have big dogs get the large one . i fill it every 3-4 days and i have two labs .
this is the perfect litter box , it's cute , easy to keep clean , perfect size for my 2 cats . they like it and so do i !
added safestart , waited 30 mins and added fish . one week later i was showing nitrates . would definatly use again . a + +
these small braids are my girls favorite treat . they must taste great as they gobble them up every time ! great stuff !
chubby bunny loves these and the guinea pigs like them too . will totally buy more of them when they are needed
loves to bat this around and it is a very cute toy i just bought more catnip to refill it
at great price . i love ordering it to have this huge bag delivered so i dont have to lug it myself and my little morkie loves eating it !
my cats love cat nip especially the male , he starts rolling himself in it and purrs until he literally dozes away into an parallel world !
solenoid works perfect . have on timer . always comes back on at correct bubble count . once you get correct setting mark needle valve with magic marker .
and provide a healthy environment for your pets . good value and size . i would recommend this product for your aquatic reptile .
fish love it but it causes the aquarium to become cloudy and brown tinged . no odor to water just murky in apperance
another indestructible dog toy from kong.lasts and lasts and lasts . i can gets a bit messy with the peanut butter .
i like these the best of all chews , made in usa , and lasts a while . helps clean the dogs teeth too .
great water test kit especially for a beginner . directions are detailed and easy to understand . tests are super easy . recommended .
this is the best invention ever ! we have an aggressive chewer and this bone keeps him busy and contented . excellent !
my finicky cat loves these vitamins , i place one on top of her food daily and the little treat is always gone when i check back .
frontline plus is a top product , and your prices are amazing . for sure , i will it get again . peggy w .
love this stuff ! ! now my dog just needs to quit chewing through it ! ! ! thanks for making a great product that is environmentally responsible .
the picture makes it look like a substantial black light flashlight . it's not . it's a little toy . any black light will show fluids in the dark .
not happy with the item , it was not what i thought it would be . not going to use it for my dogs .
bought these as spares for original purchase . my dog first thought it was a bed , then started eating them . will garage sale these .
not much to say , the bags came on time and does the job :) worth the price and good enough for my small dog .
this toy is cool and original . ships fast . my vizsla loves it . also she hasnt even put a hole in it with her razor teeth
my dog loves this and the beef flavored snacks . he's a little picky so i will order these again for him .
my cat absolutely loves this blend , i like the clean-up , no can to mess with ... and it doesn't stink like some cat foods do
i have several different shapes of the nylabone chews . my border collies love them . their favorite shapes are this one and the dinosaur .
love it . lasts a long time if my husband doesn't forget to take it away after play .
some ingredients i prefer not to use , preservatives ... but i'll finish the bottle . i probably could have found that out before purchasing .
my dogs love this treat i will . order again and again . i can boot get these treats anywhere but here
my maltese loved her old one to death . this is a replacement . she loves the loops and this is also a great indoor toy .
a biologist who works with turtles recommended this to me . if you've got a lot of turtles , or one big turtle , this product is for you .
my dogs love this . they taunt each other with it . these are durable fun toys for dogs . did i mention sturdy ?
i have a pit bull who loves thes pumpkin treats . they are big , but so is she . i feel great feeding her the blue brand .
this is a well built and designed product . my new kitten loves it . it is well worth the investment ! :-)
the diffusers need to be refilled monthly , and this 6 pack is an economical way to do that . comfort zone uses feliway and sells for less .
this product was dried out , my dogs didn't like the brittle splintery texture . i will not buy these treats again.they used to be better .
great and my kitties love it . they finish it in no time and waiting for more . glad i got the product for them
i use these every day and they work great ! they are easy to pop on but still provide a great seal and fit .
i was having to refill the water every day , now i can usually wait at least 3-4 days , i love it !
nice to give a wholesome treat instead of one loaded with who know what . both my cat & dogs love this .
i've had mine for a couple of weeks now and i've had absolutely no issues with it ! it works great !
he hasn't refused it and i don't believe he will . fancy feast seems to be at the top of his list right now .
not what i thought it would be . picture made it look smaller , which is what i needed . gve them to a friend with bigger dogs .
it was good quality and all but it just didn't for my dog do i'm ordering a large in the near future .
second one i have ordered . dogs chewed up other one after one year of heavy playing with it .
great product . wish it was a little larger though . shipped fast and on time . my bunnies loved using this and chewing on it .
wow , fast shipping ! seems pretty sturdy . i'll be traveling across the country with my cat , so wish us luck . 3,000 miles ( ? days )
name brand productarrived on time'an excellent producta must have for cat owners , who use the breeze systemalthough the system is costly to purchase and maintain the benefits are unbelievable
brownie still loves this teething toy , but more for playing fetch than for chewing lol . it is very durable , no dents or anything .
highly recommend this sponge filter , this type of filter is great for fry as they wont get pulled into the filter .
my dogs love their football ! it's great for the larger dogs . don't leave with aggressive chewers ... it won't last long .
great toy for any dog ! the best part is no stuffing so even if they tear into it there won't be stuffing all over the place !
i just received these and haven't used them . but shipment was fast and a very good price . if i have a problem i will repost .
this a fun toy for my dog and it seems to be made well . it gets a lot of tugging from her and stands up well .
my cats sometimes use it and sometimes just ignore it . i will continue to keep one available , hoping they will like it better .
she love this food . she can be picky . i love the quality and the price . i would recommend it to a friend .
if you like puppia products , this one is good . i like the color , texture of the fabric , and safety features .
we disconnected every panel and used them to " line " our upper deck so puppy wouldn't fall off . they work great .
my dog is picky . she does not like anything that may help her loose weight . so she did not like this product .
this is a great tool for cleaning the pet fountain ( not my favorite job ) . the small brush is great for cleaning the gunk in the motor .
a pinch of this in the morning , some bloodworms in the afternoon , my betta fish is very happy . good stuff .
it works great for about 6 months . i should have paid more attention to the reviews . i will not be buying another one of these heaters .
this is the best water conditioner out there no joke and people use it at boston aquarium so i guess there beginner's ? . craig porrazzo from cumberland ri
just as the chicken and sweet potato , my dog flipped out over it . it's great for him and , consequently , great for me .
well made , we have 2 of these for each of our cats and love the way they keep our cats safe
has a semi rubber texture and enough weight dog seems proud of herself for lifting it up . does not shred this like a stick .
i have been using this and have not seen one flea since i have given it to my dogs and cars .
better than febreeze , lysol , room fresheners , etc . it does eliminate the odor . just wish it wasn't so expensive . would buy again .
i have two dogs and they love these treats ! they don't last long and your dog will eat them quickly but they are excellent treats for random occasions .
easily installed in my pt cruiser . keeps the dog from falling on the floor in front of the seat ! dog feels safer .
mild deterrant . will keep dog away for a while , but then wears off . apparently some dogs get used to it .
the toothpaste is good and all . only downside , it my dog wasn't really interested with the malt flavor at all
this product is great but do not let it fall down lol it'll split into two parts and you might need to glue it back together
this product doesn't seem to have enough power to run my 150 watt heater . i just use it as a back-up temp indicator now ...
american made and so delicious ! this is a healthy , high-value treat our pups will do anything for . wish the pieces were a bit bigger .
there's really not much to say in a review about a brush made for cleaning a fountain other than it works .
as some of the others have said , my puppy only wanted the flavored bone . the other two didn't interest him in the slightest .
good quality and i like the ergonomic handle . well made . not sure what else to say , it's a good dog brush .
pricing is as good as i've found it anywhere . vet wanted about 30 % more . dog thinks it's a treat . gkp
great colors , dark so you dont have to see the mess inside the bag . very durable great to just throw in the car for suprise walks
alittle small for my dogs , but fits my husband and makes us laugh . well worth the investment . we love it and will have photo session
the cats love this toy and chew on it regularly . they mostly bat it around on the floor but they do play with it often .
cats like it a lot . i am not sure if it keeps their body heat , as per the claim , but they definitely enjoy it .
i , per se , can't say if it is good or bad , but my cat loves the addition to his food .
bone smelled old , crumbled a bit , dog ( who is a heavy chewer ) wasn't overly excited and only licked it a few times before ignoring it .
this ball is very very small and should only be used for small dogs or puppies .
my dogs absolutely love these and i feel like i'm doing something good for them . it takes them a few minutes to eat versus a regular biscuit .
we always repeat order these ... great to cut up into small bits for training . dogs love em to deah
my cat likes this scratcher as he thinks he is in heaven and will want to use this product a little more to his claws sharp .
should be good if you are young enough to read it . i would prefer those stick on thermometer.just not for me . but still good .
they all have a tendency toward bladder infections and this is a treat that i feel good about . they like it enough to ask for it .
got this for 3 guinea pigs that share a big cage . they love it and run through it all the time . i recommend this for guinea pigs .
perfect size for my poms . they eat small portions and drink moderately . perfect for travel and are dishwasher safe ! highly recommended
vader totally loves this food . and its good for him . worth the switch cant put a cost on a dogs health
good product with good price.love the print on the bag . it is pretty durable too.highly recommend to dog owner .
it is hard to keep treats in the toy . even on the hardest setting , the treats fall out too easy .
aquaclear is a great product ! has always made a great product since i could ever remember . i am always happy with good customer service .
this is a nice size , but jumbo is better , easy to clean and the high sides helps prevent spray over for my older kitty
i have used this andnature's miracle stain and odor remover , 32 - ounce - the original formula is far superior to this formula in over-all effectiveness and price .
we put it on the end of a fishing rod and my son and cat have a great time !
got this for my new crate . size was perfect . it is really nice for my puppy ... he seems quite content with it .
beautiful toys . i love the materials , the ribbons and the nice looks . unfortunately , my cat don't care for them at all .
my big girls love these but can consume one in 5-20 minutes . the peanut butter and the mint were favored over the pumpkin flavor .
i have two dogs that love this brand of treats . they are never disappointed my babies and i love the varity .
i have use countless hundreds of these bags , and i've only had less than a handful of defective or torn bags . good quality all around .
probably would have been a good fish tank but when we got it the bottom was cracked but returning it was no problemo
both puppies enjoyed this toy and it was great for keeping their attention off chewing other household items - we would purchase again .
my pup's favorite treat . he goes through these quickly . they are not rawhide so they aren't a choking hazard like some chewy products are .
not great , opening is kind of tight , but the little cat door is awesome - it works and have not found better .
great entertainment for the puppy and older dog ! the squeaker does not quit . as with all kong products it seems indestructible !
not so much . my dog likes with treats stuffed in it for little while not really worth it . very hard rubber & small treats fall out .
this bulb is perfect for the aquasun t5 ho 30 inch light balast , has great color and is very bright ..
our pets love these . they even hold up well in the washer . they are very light , and hold up very well .
i have used many litters over the last 19 yrs . and this one is the best . it clumps well , contains orders , and is dust free .
i have used this with my pwc puppy for over 6 month and never had any issues . great product for a good price .
the cats love to chase this toy and chew on the " string " when they catch it . recommend this toy for cat playtime .
i really did not care for this car seat . it has no support for a 3 lbs teacup poodle to enjoy his ride . thank you !
what can you say about puppy pads ? they certainly do the job they're meant to do . great price !
these filters fit perfedtly into my water-pumping cat watering fountain . arrived just as described in advertisement a few days before expected delivery .
it is a well made toy but my cat did not show much interest in this particular fly as opposed to the other ones made by neko .
this is a very fun toy which my cats love to play with . it was easy to assemble and seems durable .
my dogs both started out on wellness puppy formula and now as adults they are living healthy on wellness core .
this was very good buy ad just what i needed . only problem my minpin got the door open after i had left him alone .
while these are a little pricey , my cat asks for one everyday . and they are good for her teeth , so well worth the purchase
the pump is very basic it make very minimal noise and it has a free spliter to divide the air in 2 ways
it hasn't broken since the dogs don't use it . nothing good or bad to say about it . it came as posted .
this polish was easy to apply and looked really pretty on my puppy . i have used it a number of times . what fun !
quality product , keeps water nice and crystal clear . would buy again and recommend for crystal clear water in your aquarium .
i have three cats and i can play with them all at the same time with this toy . they all love it and compete to catch it .
i use this for my betta , not really sure if this reduces his stress or not .. i hope it is though
i would recommend this tool to anyone with a long haired dog , it works great.they love being groomed with this .
would reccomend this for every planted tank fan.even rooted plants.stem plants grow like crazy . i can't get enough of this product .
button sized soft treats . both dogs like them . we use them for training lessons . plenty in the resealable bag to use as needed .
been using prime for years . no other product does more or treats more gallons per capful ! when you have a 120 gallon aquarium , you need prime !
works great . the light on my hood did not work so this was the perfect replacement . nice and bright , lights right away every time .
in cat terms , for my kitty , these are the equivalent of belgian chocolate ! ( if you aren't a chocolate person , substitute your absolute favorite treat )
didn't noticed any difference after use of about 6 months . no longer using . one dog did not like the taste of water .
my dane has had a problem with being gassy when eating some other foods . not a problem with this formula , and it's priced well too !
i love the idea but i wind up cleaning it on the regular like a regular bowl because it stays filthy from dust and floor debris .
this is a great buy . the plastic bags don't rip and you get so many in this bundle . it's a great money saver .
my cat is 18 glyco-flex helps her arthritic bones . standing up and jumping up on the bed are not as challenging for her as it used to be .
my favoriate product for my pets . very satisfied . will use this product often . tku :o)
this stuff works great . it took about six months to completely get rid of the fleas . i would highly recommend it .
all my dogs love this salmon oil ! they also love yummy chummies dog treats too ! very happy with this purchase .
i really like this product . it doesn't sting and cleanses the wound well . i would recommend this product . priced right .
my cats love this , terrific product and i recommend . this is a good value and your kitties will love you for it .
this looks more like a cat toy than a dog toy . i have a feeling my dachshund will destroy it in a matter of minutes .
i use this product to wipe the face of my adult shih tzu after she eats . it works great and her face smells clean and fresh ! ! !
our little dog , ( 30 lbs . ) just loves these treats and will follow us all over or be very obedient to try and get them .
so far i've only gotten crows to eat from this , but it is still fun to watch them pull kernels off a cob .
cats , who knows what they will or will not eat . blossom seems to like this and this site ships promptly
this is the third variety of natural balance that we have tried with our dog and he loves all three so far .
ok , we all know this is kitty crack . cats love it . can't find a cat ? crack open the seal , and they all come running .
i really love this food great price and the shipping is free , no need to go to the store and haul around a 30 pound bag of food
good treat that lasts a long time . i cut them in half long ways to make them go a bit further .
they want either the cosmic banana or the yeowww banana . probably not enough catnip in this one . just doesn't cut it .
weird enough my cat doesn't use it . another item to be donating to the animal shelter . plus the top doesn't hold up .
they break but last as long as any others i have had and are of similar price . good enough buy for the price .
i have found that these products from vetericyn work very well . the eye gel is easy to apply , especially with squirmy cats .
the 2 different sized ends are helpful for different areas of my dog and it is a sturdy built comb .
my three dogs love the taste of these and i'm happy to give them something that is good for their hip & joints !
my cat wont touch it at all , and i don't want to have force it down her throat so i have a tube that is no use to me
i just found out now it's for weight management , the reason i buy these is the value . 96 for $ 24.99 , sometimes less .
the measuring lines are great and easy to see so even first thing in the morning i can measure out her food ( 1/2 cup ) .
my cat flicks his sand out the container and i was hoping this was taller , but i guess it's average height .
its awesome and works great ! i have it in my pond during the summer and its probably too much for it but this little filter holds its own !
this doesn't work and irritates both of my dogs . will not purchase again . guess it is back to vet supplied solutions .
it works well and the long handle keeps me from getting too close . i love it and recommend it to others .
the toy lasted only one hour . unfortunately my two american staffys thought it was a tug of war toy to play with .
hagen and aquaclear are great product lines and perform well definitely worth having and makes aquarium maintenance a little easier
my yorkie terrier loves these . they are not too unhealthy like other treats . the price is better at petsmart near my house .
the breakaway collars are always off in minutes so i needed the old fashioned kind to keep her info on her .
it works perfectly , is mobile and easy to put away when guests come . i'm ordering more as a fact to protect my christmas tree .
i keep a large supply for any doggy and human ( wine / food ) accidents that may happen . this is a must to try .
this thing is so small it should be a cat toy , it's the size of a catnip mouse 1/2 of the length is the tail . :(
when i can get this on my dogs very chapped nose ... it seems to really work . i wish my dog wasn't such a fast runner tho !
it does what it says ... i really like the precision squirt of this product ... nice looking label too .. :) i recommend this product
effective , healthy , cost effective food ! my dog loves it ! this 15 lb bag lasts my 18 lb mixed breed dog a good month .
it's not a hinge , but plastic . one of them tore first time dog went through . going back tomorrow . know i know why its $ 30
this stuff worked miracles the first time i used ti 20 years ago but this time seemed to do nothing . i will give it one more try ...
i use these to clean my little dogs ears . with a cotton ball they are just right .
zuke's are a great product . i only feed them to my dog because she loves them and they are good for her . these are her favorite ones .
i bought as a refill for a cat scratch post , however it was the wrong size i made it work and the cats are happily scratching again .
while they could stand to be a little bit sharper , they work for keeping my kitty's nails at a reasonable length !
these are the same as what was prescribed by our vet , and maybe a little less in price , but much easier for repetitive purchases .
dog eventually ate them , the appearance bothered me , these don't look like the chicken jerky treats i was used to .
6 lb . uppy devoured in less than 3 minutesthrew away not worth the risk
excellent price compared to pet stores . product works beautifully and kills any fleas my dog might bring in from the grass .
my dogs love this even the picky one . and at such a great price and i don't have to carry it home .
great product ! i use for my ferrets litter box . this is a good value and its nice that you can have it delivered .
easy to use and the great thing about it is that its quite for a bedroom aquarium . i would buy another one .
love it . works to very well to keep duncan's breath fresh . caution for dogs with constipation problems . other wise my dog loves them .
i've had this for a few months now and it holds up really well . my 60lb dog hasn't broken it yet like previous ones !
my dog flip enjoys licking peanut butter and treats stuffed in the end . he does manage to brake this toy down but it takes at least 4 months
this was a new flavor for our dog and she seemed to enjoy it . she loves to chew and chew until she gets them out of her ball .
my 4 dogs love this ! it is a great alternative to the beef flavor cans . i love being able to offer a variety of tastes for them .
our giant chocolate lab puppy ripped the cellophane wrapper off and immediately started to devour the bone . it's almost like it tasted too good !
because we have used this product for years and it does provide place for the kitties to scratch , etc . thumbs up on this one .
our cats like the largest litter box there is and this certainly fits the bill . the price was good as well .
he looks for it in his food dish every day - he meows for it - and he hasn't had any fur balls since ( he's a persian )
can't keep them around too long . definitely worth using subscribe and save . only issue is that they are made in china
good thwackability with this one . i did not realize it was a cat toy . i thought it was a squirrel , not a dachshund . oops .
i use this weekly on my two , rescued golden mixes . it's got an excellent drying agent and helps keep ear problems from developing .
i love it hahaha but my cat hates it . he says he doesn't need it . but i rather have him use it !
nice and big , grips well , exactly what i needed for the space . very cute too . i'm very happy with this .
it is a good quality of filter media . if you know you need this then fluval has good products . this would be a good choice .
i got this ball in a size small but it was still too big to fit in my shih tzu's mouth .
good price , and my cat loves it . a part of my weekly rotation . never fails to please my cat . =)
i bought this as a gift for an acquaintance , who didn't want , it but i figure my kitties will , so we'll let them have at it .
even our 6 month old german shepherd hasnt ripped a hole in this thing . and trust me , he's been trying for weeks ...
yet another made in china dog treat that is being reported to cause medical issues . again , anything i receive that originates in china will automatically be returned .
i am very pleased with the scoop up dog bags . i think the price was great for all those bags and the bags are good quality too .
for a road bike this is definitely too short . i have to modify it myself . other than that it is ok .
good product , i like marineland stuff . i would definitely suggest people use marineland products for their fish tanks , quick and easy .
great price and fun for the puppy . it took awhile to figure out where the squeakers are since they are on the ends .
this leash is light but sturdy . it retracts and extends easily , with smooth motion . the lock button works well . overall a great product .
my cassi and boo just run as fast as they can so i cannot put this gel on their paw . i have tried several times .
top lid doesn't really lock in place , but otherwise i've got nothing against this litter box . it does exactly what it's supposed to .
this litter is relatively dust free and our ferrets seem to like it / use it just fine . fairly good odor control .
great product . reason for 4 stars is that the scent could be a little overwhelming for those sensitive to smell
it only took about 10 minutes for my shih tzu to get all the treats out . maybe she is just too smart !
i thought i was buting clumping cat litter and although it smells nice i will not buy it again as i like clumping litter better .
the smoky bacon flavor was a huge hit with my 3 dogs . they loved the flavor , and i could even smell it .
easy to use , falls apart and rips way too easy . i would recommend buying a more expensive brand . it is not of good quality
outstanding dry toy breed formula ! dogs love it ! both my dogs dig into the bowl , they love this food ! 5 stars
i use the smaller diapers on my female dogs . they don't mind as they can sleep on my bed ; i can sleep securely through the night .
my cats love it , my mother-in-law's cats love it and come over to our house to play with the little stuffed toys i make !
this was okay ... came fast but not exactly what i was hoping for . quality was fine ... just not for me i guess !
our dog loves nosing this cube around for the kibble treats that get dispensed . hours of fun for our girl .
great bags ! ! heavy duty - best bags out there ! ! easy to remove from box and tie onto dog leash handle .
the cap doesnt seal properly , hence water is leaking from it . other than the leak , it would have been a great product
exactly what i wanted . easy to give to my kitten . apperars to have a pleasing taste . will continue to purchase .
the only brand of treats my cat , a rescue kitty , will eat . she loves them ! everyone doesn't carry this brand , but amazon does !
this is a great product . it smells very pleasant , it leaves the coat very soft and it rinses very well and quickly .
this is a nice leash and does adsorb some pulling , but after about a week of use the fabric has already got a hole in it
my cockatoos love this food . i can't get them to eat raw food so i guess this is the next best bet
best tool i have found for cats.thins out the undercoat where you get the shedding from too.cats like it too .
it got rid of my dogs hotspot , but it is very strong smelling , like make you feel light headed when applying but it did the job
i have three of these for my dogs . no wolfing down their meals . they also stay put as they eat .
good product , very durable and long lasting , a little large for my puppy but he still likes to chew on it .
my dog loves these and they are really affordable . she can chew on them for like a week , so good value .
i have been feeding this to my standard poodle for several years now and he is doing very well on it - - excellent quality - no by-products .
my yorkie is a picky eater , but loves this food . saves me the trouble of cooking for him . highly recommended !
product came at time expected . good price for amount of canned food given . i would recommend company and product to others .
this did nothing for my cat and when i took the collar out of the package the powder fell off of the collar .
hubby swears by it . he bought one and gave it away when his pooch passed away . we got this one now that we have a new puppy .
person receiving this said his dog loved it after figuring it out . seems the pup doesn't have game / toys like this much at all .
it works for my cats ears ! he has been at the vet many times , tried everything . this seems best of everything i have tried !
i thought this would fit my skinny 2 yr old cat . but by the looks of it this tunnel would only fit kittens
the marketing materials are really easy to remove from the bowl , and it can hold a good deal of water .
great idea . horrible smell . plus , my dog charly wouldn't touch it . he's a picky eater , but this didn't even get a lick .
great product , great price , does exactly what is said it will do , enough said , buy this product to clean your aquarium gravel period .
the product seems very good for the teeth of my cats . yes , they have a taste preference for the temptations " cookies " .
it's best not to need it , but if you do need it - it's handy and easy to use . i breathe easier having it on hand .
it's probably fine for households with 1 puppy but with 2 it's very difficult to get their attention even with the clicker .
this toy will get my cats attention for hours but if it is not made correctly , it does not fly right . i have had a few duds .
our dog loves these things ! they are rather small , which is fine considering how many our dog eats . great for training .
we have a rat terrier who has sensitive teeth , she never tears up her toys and loves this one with the stretch
easy to set up easy to run very very quiet , strong flow get tapered and baffled by submerged outflow pipe crystal clear water for 3 messy cichlids
my puppy loves his pen , i added the extra panels to give him more space . its a great size , sturdy , and very easy to build .
my puppy ripped this thing to shreds in minutes . thought it was cool and nice looking but not durable at all for strong chewers .
very resistant and nice colors balls . my dog loves squeaky toys and play fetch , now she has both for a good fun time .
our pup loves these and they are much better to give her than other chews that aren't edible . great price for the large pantry box too !
keeps fish in one area for feeding , would be especially beneficial in a tank without many scavengers .
great choice for keeping cats from scratching furniture . it does its job . my cat didn't go near where i sprayed .
cats love to scratch this every morning and they use it as a bed as well . its big and roomy for larger cats too .
we have two small dogs and they really enjoy the bisquits ! sometimes my two dogs are like cats being picky about what they eat ! ! !
my boxers love this brush . a must have for short hair dogs that tend to shed a lot . two paws up !
my dog is not barking anymorei dont know exacly how is workingbut is workinggood product for you
we put chew sticks between the hole in the lava block and they chew it and move it . its hilarious
this is exactly what we needed it to me . love the harness and the way it fits . exactly how it is shown in the picture and description .
i use this food to feed my foster kittens and even the pickiest or the sickliest kittens warm up to it .
got these for our fur kids as a christmas gift . the treat experts love them , the snoopy one - - well , don't go by her .
i sprayed this on my teak desk and i don't believe my cat has scratched it since . wish i had bought it sooner .
allens spring action scooper for grass works great , sorry can not say much more than that . it picks up all the dog poop .
it is very strong and the length is great ! i have had this for 4 1/5 years and it still works great
even though i use only clumping cat litter , this mesh did not capture the liquid waste . i threw the remaining liners away .
my cats have showed no interest whatsoever in this toy . but i think if i remove the corrugated and ball i'll have a nice palette for mixing paints .
... buy the thing and tie it to a string . you cat will love you more.five more words make twenty
great ! it is pretty and is good quality plastic , recommended for small dogs . it raises , which is recommended for their trachea
this just was too big for my 2 - month-old puppy and she didn't seem to like the smell . i returned it .
i feed this to my miniature schnauzer who is 10 years old . he seems to enjoy it and it helps to control his weight .
what more can i say . it's one ingredient and the dogs love it . it's good for them too . i totally would recommend this to anyone .
it's hard as a rock , but thin enough for my dog to chew . he loves it . works ok for me
good size for catching the size of fish i have , well made , sturdy , netting is not rough to the though like some cheap fabrics .
no complaints . it's easy to start with the pump and it siphons well . the oval design on the intake makes getting corners easier , too .
she loves this toothpaste . will not try any other brand as this does an excellent job . will buy again and again .
can't really tell if this product is working or not , i have been giving this to both my dogs and their teeth still look the same to me .
the refills are expensive and the dog soon learns how to remove ( and swallow ) them . wore his teeth out in a few weeks .
dont waste your money on other products , this is the real deal . works amazing on a variety of surfaces from cowhide to cotton .
i got for my lab , i used it twice on her , she heard loud beep and stopped . she never got zapped .
this is beautiful in the hex freshwater aquarium with plants , angelfish , and shrimp . the water stays clear and the plants love the nutritious base .
bought this for my shihtzu , i fill it with peanut butter and break up a few treats for inside it . he loves it !
it is easy to install these , they are inexpensive and they have a good lifespan . what more need i say ?
once my dog chewed the head off , this became here favorite tug and chase toy . she loves the no stuffing and squeakers .
not too harsh with just the right amount of scent . my poodle lathered well and the soap was not harsh or irritating to him .
was not what i expected . was smaller that i expected plus the texture was awful . would never reccommend or buy again
bought these to have handy for my tropical fish hobby . i have several large tanks and these test strips give a very reliable results .
it should be for a bird cage . much too small for even a pupy . tabs broke off when i tried to fasten to kenel
can be applied directly with a cotton ball for severe skin issues . also works as a great rinse--helps my dog's skin reactions due to allergies .
kong makes the best toys , 4 out of 5 cats agree . the fifth one is off chasing a laser pointer
i have a terrier mix that chews all day and this is still " alive " ... i've ordered another one because it's the only thing i've found that lasts
i love this , i am glad it is in grey i was getting everything in pink so this is good its in grey and she loves it as well
the piils are so much big that it would be a big problem making your dog swallow it . and if you do it doesnt work
my dogs are 3 and 19 pound . little dog gets 1/2 and larger dog eats a whole treat . they love them !
i had 1 be 4 it 2 takken time 4 cat 2 like it was it bigger ? no matter so eazy 4 fun 4 cat
works as stated . very sturdy ! will continue to purchase sportdog products . as i have for the last 10 yrs or more .
certainly sent enough to keep any cat busy for the rest of its life . they are fun for the kitty .
i love this glow in the dark ball . we wait until it is dark just to play . i glows great !
our dog is an olde english bulldog . she is a very determined chewer . she loves the nylabone toys . long lasting .
great to have such an ample supply of this stuff once the small tube i had before runs out . i may never have to buy carbon again !
we've been using greenies for years and all of our dogs have loved them.would not hesitate to recommend them .
cats love this food and i'm glad she can hold it down with a uneasy stomach . always used grain free and they love this brand .
our little guy loves this ! we put it on a blanket on the floor and he popcorns all over for some great exercise .
i bought this as my dog likes to remove the stuffing from toys , instead , she just destroyed it in a day .
great food for my turtle . been using this food for the past year that my son has had a turtle and the thing eats this stuff up .
used this on my newly adopted corgi mix . he has been shedding like crazy and this removed almost all the loose hair . will recommend to everyone !
my pomeranian and husky love these snacks . sweet potato is supposed to be really good for dogs , so i bought this and it even smells great .
my cats love the da bird toy so i go through a lot of of the feathers.good price for this .
my 2 lop-eared bunnies went crazy for this treat - mixed it with regular timothy grass based hoops . was definitely a hit with my rabbits .
rubs off easily but goes on quite nice . overall satisfied with it and will continue to use it for mydog
yeow always seems to be a favorite at our house . they always last for months if not the year until the next xmas .
my dog loves it . medium sized crispy wafers . light so i don't feel guilts given her 2 at a time .
i bought this for my cat and she truly loves it . she plays in it every day . i really made a great purchase
great product , fit for the purpose and is lightweight and well made . a little bit of freedom for the dog .
strong and nice color . the reflective is a big plus specially if you walk the dog at nightime . the material is durable .
the dogs love them , i have a dog rescue and many dogs won't eat when they arrivehave not found one that won't eat these .
not sure what to say as it is a christmas present for my dog and they will not get to test it until christmas morning .
my dog really likes it ! she started playing with it right off . it is made well and will last for a lot of play !
small dogs always have teeth problems and it is hard to brush them so these are a good alternative for me
my little westie loves cesar canine cuisine . i put it on top of dry dog food and she eats it all . no waste here !
my dog does play with this toy but only when i take the rest away . he likes it but prefers his others
this is awsome . i have 2 cats and the single box wasn't keeping up . this has higher sides so most all litter stays in the box .
i love how this offers the fresh water continuously . easy to assemble and display . im even thinking about buying the large one for my outdoor friends !
the filstar xp filters can use this product every time the filter system is actively cleaned or other changes made in the filtration makeup of the stacks .
it came in the mail busted open . it did not smell good , yuck . no thanks , we will not be getting a replacement .
everything works fine . i like the design of this brand of thermometer . that is everything that this review needs now .
works perfectly never realized how much my animals went in the house * angry face * but it aided in cleaning up to prevent future accidents .
my dog loves all of zuke's treats , but for the amount rec'd it is quite pricey , she goes through them faster than any other treat .
like the tooth brush way better then ones at store . so far i love this and the price . will order two more since i have three cats .
this product was the most absorbent ever tried . had tried natures miracle & would only be good for a tiny puppy .
good value and product works as stated . be sure to keep the internal plastic bag around the wipe roll as it will dry out if you dont ' .
great cage for all 3 puppies when we have to go somewhere . but now they just lt them hang out on the couch
not bad at all once you figure it out , little door in the middle is great , recommended for xsmall to small dogs .
my shih tzu loves these ! i've noticed increased mobility and less growling when he's touched in sore spots . will keep buying these .
my dog can't get enough of these . she chews and chews and chews . they are her comfort toy .
breaks down plaque on my bc so can't complain . saves me a trip of $ 300.00 worth of dental cleaning from the vet .
dogs love it and i do to ! great for breath control , it really works , since using dogs breath is way better
you do need to monitor the play though because all of my cats try to eat this ... must be a particularly appealing texture to chew .
flexible , and now i can control my dog much better when walking . i like the fact that light reflects well off it . well made .
i would like a little higher protein content but these bones really help with keeping teeth clean for my dogs
my cat requires more training in before we can figure out if this is in fact a good idea to help take my cat outside .
we have 4 dogs and 2 cats that get a daily brushing . this has saved me so much time and does a great job !
this feeder does its job . holds very good amount of dry cat food . it does what it is designed to do well .
easy to clean out and actually surrounds their teeth , perfect doggie toothbrush ! i would definitely recommend these to small breed owners .
this shammy dries our springer's fur very fast . it is extremely absorbent . side pockets makes it easy to hold . well worth the cost .
this is great quality memory foam ! my dogs love it ! i wish i could have it as my bed ! very happy customer :)
love these they work very well . make sure they are tight enough but not too tight and you will be happy . so will your dog .
these are great for whole room protection . these keep cats calm and usually they won't spray in competition with each other .
i love these shears , they work great in tight places and reduce the risk of nipping tight places , like between toes .
my picky 10lb boy actually loves this chew and wanted more . i guess it must be really tasty . one bone lasted him about 40 minutes .
was in a smaller package tan i though it would be but it's a good product , would reckoned it for nail clipping for dogs
my dog loves this line of food , and it has very high quality ingredients . good stuff to tempt picky dogs into eating .
my dog loves these treats . they are easy to break up into smaller pieces to use as training treats . he can't get enough of them .
the ' whistle ' isn't very loud ... and my dog is not at all fond of playing with it . i gave the ball to our local shelter .
give my dog's the squeakers so i don't have all the stuffing to clean up all the time . they are the thickness i expected and came quickly
really a good and long lasting toy . it has kept it's shape and my 1 year old beagle still loves playing with it .
so nice thought but the cat is too smart for it . they really look like of plasticky and icky . trying cheese around the pill makes more sense
great item add some pvc great long lasting bed i love these beds hold up well and we love these
i have an older dog and has arthritis in her hips . this helps to keep her active . i give dasuquin to all of the dogs .
i attached this to the water bottle we have for the dog and i like it . i like the color .
it works ok for my poodle , cat and long haired dog . it is not easy to clean if my long hair dog has rolled in the dirt .
put it on and snugged up the straps , puppy still was able to reach it and chewed through in minutes
not very everlasting for my beagle who got the big treat out in 5 minutes and chewed it up to get the little treats out ...
this is a cute dental toy . my cats love these , and i'm happy they help them clean their teeth . a good buy .
this mat has been really great . i let my dog walk around on it when we come back from outside and he does not make the floor dirty .
works as intended . helps circulate the water in my aquarium to help eliminate dead spots .
loves it when other favorite toys not available . great with putting goodies inside , keeps busy for a long time , loves it this way
i guess you get what you pay for ? really disappointed ! would not recommend for anyone who wants to get an accurate temp .
my dogs have every toy . this is one they love and so do i . it allows me to tire them out and not myself
not sure what makes my cat like this toy when he doesn't like the other mouse wheel type toys but my cat loves this one !
this bowl slows down my large black lab but he still manages to wolf his food down at an alarming rate .
the dog loved em , seemed healthy , seemed tasty ! wonderful quality and well recommended to everyone ! get it for you puppy !
if you have a strong chewer , you already know this is the best and virtually only toy that will survive .
cat likes it because thet don't bend their neck to eat as much better for kitty easier for degistion happy cat
like it says it does not drip . as long as you make sure the spicket is screwed on snugly ;)
i love this product . it warms up with cords . both my cats try to claim it has their own ; i need to buy another one .
dog loved the kong teddy bear toy , however , now for long . though she got it just to tear up . would buy more of kong products .
my cats love these ! they seem to help so far and i love that they're all natual and not harmfull
perfect . so nicely made and sturdy . holds it shape well and had two different ways to get you pet in and out .
i love this cage so glad i bought it worth every penny i did have it come damage one leg was bent an the tray had dents
our dog was hesitant at first but liked the taste and kept licking the brush . he hates the toothbrush and this is so much easier .
a good product , it helps me keep my aquarium and my fish in good condition , i like so much this product a +
i should of understood the size . like the size of 2 fingers . my dog at it in a few min .
well priced , filters work perfectly with the aquaclear water system . i use these on a 30 gallon tank running it for 45 day cycles
these are pretty good but not as big as we needed for a two cat litter box cleaning . also , there are no twisty ties .
smells and feels great ... has had a positive effect on her fur . it is pricey for conditioner but seems a step above the rest .
great value and highly recommended by rabbit owners and societies . my bunny comes running when he hears the pellets hitting the bowl and he never leaves any behind .
my 2 cats love this ! it has a fresh aroma , not that " fishy " . both cats will eat every bite and drop of broth .
this litter box is a great shape . it fits in so nicely and it's color blends right in . i also like the tall sides .
kitties love this - just enough noise , soft enough to carry around , enthusiastically chase or drag up the cat tree .
this is the only cat food my kitty will eat . i have tried other brands and he will not eat them .
love the portability of this bowl and the large size makes it easy for my dogs to drink from it .
very strong and potent ! drives my cars wild . plenty if it to last a long time . keep in the fridge to maintain it's potency .
not 4 " good for a small dog . this is a typical stuffed ball for a small dog . my lab could swallow this
love to give my birds treats , and they love to have them ! ! wish i had bought the big tub , next time ! thanks !
i use this for my chihuahuas . leaves ears clean and clear . they dont like it at first but its better than an ear infection .
i bought this after i started using clay litter . this is an extremely sturdy scoop . it works exactly as advertised !
second one i had to buy , not durable i have a small dog and he tears it up as soon as i give it to him .
dogs don't like them but they are absorbent when they will not walk around them but squat on them which is rare
for dog food i'm always amazed that it has real food in it & a good consistency for her to digest .
good stuff . my stems like it and it keeps things rooted . really brings out the color of my lampeyes and sparkling gouramis .
meow meow meow meow said my cat after enjoying this catnip . its a quality catnip for the price it rocks my cats world meow !
these treats are very small and would suit those who have little pups , definitely not for medium or larger dogs .
bought these for my friends dog ! these are eaten up really quickly , nice chicken liver flavor ... great results and not too expensive !
my mini cockapoo loves this food ! the amount of soy is disturbing , but it's still healthier than most foods in this price range .
cat loves this , especially when i load it with new catnip . the mouse is good sized , and the feathers drive the cat nuts .
seem to be very well made . i just got a litter of 7 puppies yesterday and saving these for them . big smile
my parrotlets totally loves this . she is constantly doing somersaults up and down this toy ! great purchase . thanks a bunch !
my cat loves it , he runs thru it and hides and will jump out at you when you walk by it keeps him busy
seemed to do as was needed but hard for me to tell really . the levels may have been too low for me to really tell a change .
the treats is our dog's favorite . she is a high maintenance breed , and we have to be careful what we feed her . highly recommend this product .
this frisbee has held up very well and is very sturdy , but my dog just isn't that interested in it .
he will take treats and hide them under pillows , anywhere but not these , he sits and chews them for hours
my bulldog tore up the ball within an hour . she did enjoy the squeaking while she tore up the ball .
my dog loves these treats and they are very inexpensive on amazon . i would try every flavor to give your dog some different options
this is my first time having cats with claws , so i'm getting used to clipping the nails . the clippers work well and easy enough !
so far so good , the dog likes them but i probably wont buy them again because i can make healthier treats for him myself .
fits good nice color , easy to put on and take off . good easy care fabric , reasonably priced . i like it
i purchase a lot of my pet products from amazon , and as usual you can't beat the price or excellent service !
milo the budgie loves this ladder ! had to extend it some , since the cage is huge . great play area for birds ! fast shipping !
these balls aren't that much fun to play with as they don't bounce very far / long , but my dog does like to chew on them .
they last a long time--and when the pads get too worn , dirty and / or torn up , i just toss them and buy more !
very nice water and feed bowls . good quality just what i needed and timelyshipping with good service .
dogs love them , no bugs no problems . i don't care for the smell , open a window and all is good .
helps to keep the odor down and is wonderful for limiting the daily trudge to the trash can with bags of litter !
the cats love playing with it and chase it all over the house ! i find it the strangest places ! thanks !
this groomer works well on short and long haired cats . it is very sturdy and i would highly recommend it ..
love this company the everything i have ordered from dermagic i have been happy with .. thanks so muchsweet little schnoodle of michigan
i love my prime . don't know how i lived without it for so long !
these didn't work at all for my boxer . the slipped off with no problem . so he just slips and slides on my wood floors . it's endearing .
seems to work pretty good . leaves the pet smelling clean and fresh . smell lingers for a long time . really like it .
this kit is easy to use . it compliments the reef test kit well . my only complaint is the vials break very easily .
my cat is covered in the catnip passed out on her back . she seems to enjoy it . she acts pie eyed when she enjoys this ctnip .
great price . very useful . wonderful . make sure you know the right size and proper size . really good for my dog
easy to install and stays in place . i put an old flannel sheet on top so my dog does not slip around .
i have been giving these to my dogs for some time now and they love them , but most importantly it is helping their dental health .
my dogs like this one . despite being fairly large , even my small dog enjoys it . should have bought 2 so sharing isn't an issue .
very pleased , its strong , long and works how it should . i would buy again if i needed another .
my cat takes these to help with his anxiety . it helps take the edge off and he has stopped over grooming and causing sores and bald spots .
i've got five cats and three huge deep litter boxes filled with clumping litter . this is a good quality scoop and it does the job !
my dogs dont like the dingo sticks pretty boreing . i wont buy this any more plus shipping is wayto high need to come down
not as big as i'd of liked . course that's my fault for ordering the " smaller version " but it worked ok
very happy with this top . have used these for years . never had to replace the hinge . i have no complaints .
nice to have a variety pack so you can try all 3 flavors . this is a great training tool . easy to carry in your pocket .
i used it a few times and the dogs didn't care for them . i now use tropiclean and they seem to like this product better
i would recommend this for breeders . i got the largest one i could find . bought 2 of them . easy to clean
these are very good quality liners for my delta medium size pet carrier . my cats are very comfortable with these .
my finicky little shih tzu likes these treats . i carefully screen all treats for him for quality and healthy ingredients . this was a good choice .
the cats love this but it has already fallen apart without being usable anymore after only a couple of days with normal play .
these inserts work perfectly , far better than the tetra filter inserts i had bought for my previous filter . don't buy the tetra whisper .
great comb for getting fleas out of cats and dogs . i keep comb in a glass of water with little dish soap and it kills fleas
glad i bought this to use with the fresh and clean shampoo and conditioner . it makes the gallon size a whole lot easier to use
good comb , heavy in your hand , and works good and good price . gently use on your pet . i recommend combing slowly . thank you .
this puzzle is also for my chi and her cousin chorkie . well built , sturdy , clever design and the dogs love it .
they like it okay - don't drink from it all the time - for my kitties , the water bowls would have been fine
missing needed hardware . bought 2 and could only install 1 due to using missing hardware to complete 1 run . will contact amazon once settled from moving .
this is always something that is good to have around , especially if you have a fish that is sensitive to temp spikes
these bowls are perfect for my size dog . she is 34 lbs and only requires two small meals a day .
poor quality you can see through them haven't even tried to use them not worth the risk looking at them tells me they are worthless .
our toy fox terrier loves all of these . the duck and the peanut butter too . great product and great price .
this halter is easy to put on too . from the first time i used it , the dog walked nicely on the leash .
all 3 of my 55-60 lb dogs have one of thes harnesses . they work well for training them to stop pulling .
my cat never plays with these crinkle balls - ever . was a complete waste of money and i'm glad i didn't spend much on them .
works well , like the nozzle design , shaped to get into corners and thin places . easy to start siphon . fish like to follow it around =)
i have not given to him yet and i'll do it soon . i have a feeling that he will like it
my ( 35 lb . ) puppy has been chewing on this bone and enjoying it for almost two weeks and she's barely put a dent in it !
if you want a tank full of algae , then buy this . i know i won't again . going back to gravel .
used for our turtle tank in one room and run it right to the bathroom next door . great price and with a 25 foot hose . great
seems to be working good at keeping the fleas off of my dog . it's been 2 months now and i see no fleas .
first time i have introduced cat to a toy that makes a noise and find she really does like this and with all its legs , keeps her well amused
fast shipping , great working air pump , happy plants and fish and me ! hurray ! ! ! buy this product and use it for year and years .
we bought this for our rats and they go bananas for it . i can't decide who gets a better work out . us or them ?
dog arm holes are large so dogs leg keeps coming out of front hole .
milo loves this ! great puzzle . must use hard , sturdy treats to prevent from breaking when you push them in .
i purchased a wayfair 4 level enclosure and these fit perfectly ! they are very soft and appear to definitley be washable :-) very satisfied .
doggy loves this bed , and jumped on it immediately . i like the shape and firmness , and the cover should be easy to wash .
this is a fine watering fountain pretty easy to clean you will need a bottle cleaner to help clean it but that's not a big deal my cats love it
great product for my siberian husky . she likes the taste and it works . i have used this product for years .
i got two packs so i would have lots for all size cans ... these are great ... i won't need to cover cans with plastic wrap again
pricey , but worth it . all natural and my puppy transitioned to this food perfectly . no degestion problems and she loves it !
i have allmost all the neko fly attachments & my cats love them all . i alternate them to keep them interested .
huge box of toy mice for kitties . really can't go wrong ! also is a cute display box , if you are looking for that .
can't remember why i got this , but my trainer suggested keeping it around . i haven't used it yet , but she has on the dogs she's training .
all my 4 cats love this toy . it gets their attention and they'll keep playing until they decide they want to do something else .
we have a very picky older lab mix , and she loves these ! they have always been fresh and all kinds have been a dog favorite .
the cats dig this toy . i had to get more so they didn't have to share . a must have . word !
when our dogs hear the bag open they are right there , this is one of the teats our dogs love
does not survive the washing machine . my dog literally chewed it up after it went through the washing machine and became frayed .
worked very well on my dog who is getting older and needs help with her eyes . much better than the liquid drops . soothes quickly .
my dogs love these treats and they have no trouble digesting these meat only yumyums ! perfect for dogs who have grain issues .
they enjoy the squeakers at every tip and love carrying it around . it is a large toy and very durable . makes a nice fetch toy .
i was hesitat at first but i am glad i bought it . aery easy to use . my cat went right to it and used it .
our cats like some of these , but the one i fed them this morning didn't interest them , so i'm giving it just a 4 star rating .
he likes em , but then pukes , go figure ... must be some of the ingredients , every dog is different , try small pack ..
my cats love this variety . ( in general purina makes very good , affordable cat food . they a good choice of tasty meals . )
they're a little bigger than i expected , but they are still nice . the color looks good , as it's a nice deep red .
excellent product , excellent price . my dog loves it and feed himself from there when i have to go away avoiding separation anxiety .
my dog loves this product . no more struggling to get her to take pills . now she looks upon pill taking as a treat . excellent product !
my dogs like them and i like them because they are small treats with a big crunch . not too much fat .
dog loves this toy . it's nice that it doesn't have any stuffing my dachshund can pull out or make her sick .
a bit shakey - not as sturdy as i would like and a bit difficult for the cat to get intothe top part but otherwise okay
the most important thing about this ball is that my dog likes it . in additionit's well made and may not get chewed .
my rr puppy loves chewing on this toy and throwing it . i thought they might be too hard for her to chew but she loves them .
fluval products are the best i've been using them over a year now and they are always tops in my book ! ! !
had to get a small for molly this was way to small for her the small is a great size for a long maltese
these came highly recommended by my vet . my dog absolutely loves them . i give him one every night to help keep his teeth healthy .
the tube was a good size , but the hole is so small , even a dog food can't go in . please make the hole bigger
dog loves large squeaker ball . almost impossible to remove squeaker , but he can still skin it .
standard strip light that works as intended . i have nothing more i can say about it but apparently i need four more words to complete the review .
this product helps my dog when my dog gets stomach problems . it promotes a healthy digestive system . it actually works like yogurt does for humans .
these are nice and sturdy . works as a catch-all for litter and keeps cats from tracking it all over . just wish they were bigger .
this cleaner works very good i have a poodle and she grows haiir around the inside of her ears . this makes it easy to clean her ears .
best muzzles yet ! i love how they still allow drinking , and have safety measures in place in case the dog tries to remove muzzle .
wish the handle was clear and not amber plastic , but other than that it works for me . won't go back to black plastic aquarium hoods !
it doesn't quite fit in the stand that we have for our pup , but it's close enough and it definitely helps .
we use this to transport the pup . it is also used as a seat belt to hold pup in place .
my dog loves these and with 2 really large bags i don't need to buy treats for a while . the bags are bigger than in stores .
has a nice heft but isn't too heavy , and it's flexible , so it won't hurt your pet . very durable too .
i buy these for my 16 lb dogs and they love them . they break in half easily and the quality is great .
great product . birds used it immediately . only seed on floor is when the seeds gets low . price could have been lower .
my cats love these little toys , they chase them all around the house ! it's fun to watch them playing . great product and very good value .
the two sheltie's really like these treats and they are good for them . the zuke brand is one to buy .
unfortunately my cat was not a fan of the hood . i learned from my vet that most cats don't like covered litter boxes .
very cute , looks safe for birds , birds love it . oddly enough , they like the wire that goes across it more than anything .
my bunny likes to chew it and it's always plaing with it.it ' s good for his teeth al well.will buy another one later
these filters keep the fountain nice and clean . the pets love it and would also give is 5 stars , if they knew how to type .
kaytee likes to slip alfalfa into all sorts of stuff and still call it adult rabbit food.get oxbow for your adult rabbits .
my puppy loves these ! they are a little soft , so not for heavy chewers , but great for the dog park at night .
perfect for the older dog with limited teeth - she's a little dog - soft exterior - seemed to do well on his stomach
my puppy loves all of her toys , this works well , she likes to shake it up and have it fly as she lets it loose .
great for travel and going to the dog park .. i use it for water for the pups in the park andalso in the car ... love it ..
this is our dog's favorite treat , she loves to get this treat . no odor and easy to handle plus all natural .
please be sure you know that this product is very tiny . if you have a growing puppy , purchase one size larger .
my cats love this product . they don't use the ramps so i took them off . great product for the price .
the price was right & super easy to set up.the only con that i have is that the display is not easy to read .
my rabbit loves chewing on this . this is what she has to say about it , " nom nom nom chew chew " !
we are partial to the merrick brand . this is one that our pups really enjoy . they do not splinter and keep them busy for quite awhile .
rascal loves a little pinch of bonito flakes as an after-nap snack . or a before-bedtime snack . or a palate cleanser after breakfast ... or supper ...
filet mignon flavor what a way to clean your teeth.she looks forward to her treat.she also likes the mint flavored .
great smelling and great with the bedding for our fur babies . keeps the fleas away .. work to keep spiders away also . love it .
dog loves it and so do i . the only thing that can tire him out .
my cats love it they think it is a special treat . i give it to them instead of treats as much as possible . their teeth look great .
my dogs love these . they come in different flavors and shapes.however i no longer give them to my dogs as we changed to a non wheat diet .
my cat needs the lysine for his herpes ac cording to the vet , better price than from the vets . of course , the catloves them !
tastes great ! nice scent too . not too runny , not too gritty , it's just right ! besides , who wants chicken or beef breath ? ?
i bought this early so that our akita can wear it next holiday and be startled by it . it fits well and fits loosely .
these teething rings are amazing ! nice and hard so i don't worry about leaving them in the crate with them overnight !
i love this product . i love the thought that i can bring my " baby " with me where ever i may go .
i love the look of this product compared to other ceramic dog bowls , esp . for the price . wish they came in a smaller size .
my 3 dogs benefit from the limited ingredients in natural balance . they like all the flavors and eat it readily and regularly .
and so does her sister frass . she's healthy and growing strong . used this food since day 1 not one complaint .
doesn't dry faster than expected . however towel quality is good and lovely color . need to use two towels to dry
great stuff my dogs live it , works well if the dogs have been exercisized . can't just give my dogs it and expect it to work . great taste
i have purchased multiple can lids . these are slightly flexible and cover several size cans . i have not had them crack . recommended .
i gave this only three stars due to the fact the holder is flimsy and doesn't hold the bottle in place very well .
not sure of it's effect on my cats dental health but they did play with it and it did make me feel good about seeing them chew on it !
i didn't expect much for the price but as it turns out , you're getting more than what you pay for . good quality for it's low price
they like sitting on it , scratching on it , and playing through the hole in the middle . very sturdy , and cute .
my 65 pound mixed breed trashed this football in 4 minutes . i spent more time picking up the pieces than she did playing with it .
good product , good price , low cost of shipping . and it's a big container of salt so i know it will last me a long time.happy fish
recommended by my dog groomer when i asked what magic potion she used to wash him . his doggy odor stays gone for more than a week !
he loved it and got rid of it in minutes . sorry it didn't last a day but he loved to play with it
now , if it came with an additional six arms to hold him down while i clip - i'd give it 5 stars !
not really powerful enough to work on my dogs nails . we have a maltese and a couple of english mastiffs . i am back to using the clippers .
my cats love this bed . it's well made and very nice to the touch . fits nicely in the cage . does not pill or fray .
and this works great ! we are potty training our cat and this was exactly what we needed to train her !
enjoyed these . i would definitely recommend this to other pet guardians . they do a good job removing tartar and keep their teeth clean .
i have a very shy cat and am trying to help her be a little braver . i think these treats help a bit and she does like them .
my dogs like them . though not sure if they actually do anything . and they look like pressed cardboard . they are chewed up quickly
dog toys can be hit and miss but this one was luckily a hit ! the noise is great and drives my husband brokers which is a bonus lol !
bought this for a local animal refuge since my dogs have gone to the rainbow bridge . the dogs there love it and i will be sending more .
my mom suffers from joint pain sometimes . she really swears by this brand over the other brands about how effective it is to reduce some of her pain .
great toy .. puppy and older dog love it ! would recommend to others . the dogs love all the legs .. arrived on time and intact .
i have purchased a number of nylabone products , and this one only held their interest for about 2 minutes or so . i would not purchase again .
nice product very hardy toygood squeaker will last forever and squeak for many many play timesgood for a destructive dog
as always aquaclear is a great product for the last 40 years ! my favorite product to get the job done !
these bowls are good sized for my dog to grow into . i just wish the stand was taller and not as flimsy .
we love these for our goldendoodle ! we share them with other dogs in our family ! fun to use the different colors ! thank you ..
i only buy human grade pet food sourced and produced in the united states , this is a product of thailand .
very cute but runs small , i am not sure it will even fit my teacup maltese . order one size larger than you normally would on this dress .
does not replace regular maintenance and water changes , but is a quick way to help ensure water stays healthy for my turtles .
my dogs will do anything for one of these crunchy morsels . great for training and just as treats since they love them so much .
my cats go through a phase . they like their tiki then they don't . but i would try it again . they get pretty finicky .
my dog is a " barker " ! i have been using this and sometimes she seems to respond .. other times it doesn't phase her .
my conure weighs little more than a regular egg . this broke . the screw was not attached correctly . no way to fix it .
my dogs ate off all this she-hedgehog's pink fingernails . too big for a pomeranian puppy to squeak , but they have been wrestling with her .
both my dogs like this bone , it doesnt last long but it entertains them for a while . will order more .
pieces are a little large for small dogs . bigger than little treats . they do last well and would recommend for larger breeds .
right size for my small parrot . parrot no longer does not want to go in cage . simple design , mobile , and easy to clean .
my dogs love them and i love that i can get this big box delivered right to my door . they love the different flavors .
this item was easy to use an a must have for your snake . aids in digestion and is safe to use .
good quality . fast shipping . this will function as a water dish for my cat that i have to move with me across country 3,000 miles .
too small ... but thats my foult for not checking the messurements well enough ! not even though ... the absorbsion isn't too good
all i can say is my little gal loves this monk ... carrys it around and doesn't wanst anyone to take it away .
i have used a cheaper version before from petsmart but these are much more heavy duty . i would highly recommend .
great ball my puppies absolutely love crunching on . will have to order many more jw pet company dog balls :) well worth the money .
the fish in my community tank love these like candy . it's a nice supplement to flake food . buy with confidence .
for a kong product these are not strong at all ... my girls ripped them apart in about two minutes . i have a golden and a lab-pit mixed .
my cats love the alpine scratcher . we go through quite a few pads in a year . the 2 - pack is very economical . i recommend it .
what can be said ? it is an aquarium test kit . works great for my needs and should last a long time .
they take a little time to chew and my dogs like them a lot . and , their breath is very fresh the morning after !
within the first ' bark ' my dog knew something was up . after a few more trial barks he quit altogether barking at cars and trucks .
this slow feeder bowl is sturdy , but it didn't slow down my shih tzu puppy . this was a little disappointing .
i feel great giving my pups their daily vitamins and they come running every morning for what they perceive to be a ' treat ' .
seems like okay product , maybe other people's cats like it but ours didn't . our cat doesn't like dried fish treats .
this stuff is a miracle . it takes out urine spots that are old . i don't know what i would do without it . it works ! ! !
the critters like it so taht was the whole idea in purchasing this . yes it is a go and i would recommend it to others / . frineds
this is the best clipper . super easy to clip , nice and small size . my kitten has no problem with it !
been using this product on all my rescue dogs since 1995 and works for me as stated on the box .
my ragdoll kitten loves these little yummies . i like that they are good for his teeth and are a relatively healthy treat .
i chose this rating because it didn't last very long . my golden retriever ate whole thing in under 10 minutes .
my collie seems to enjoy his bath so no complaints here . this plastic brush is easy to grip and scrub my dog clean .
great cage ! ! ! great value ! bad reviews but i bought anyway . so glad i did . my ferrets love this cage . it's big and nice
great value . works great . not too thin , not too small . just right . highly recommend ! very worth it , and i will buy again .
my cat loves it ! eats every bite ! comes on time with my auto send subscription . best price given every month . i'm hooked !
better than the smaller sized toys , this wobbler keeps both boxers entranced ! both dogs loved it and so do we !
my picky dog loves these . fells good to see her happy .. going to buy again for sure , highly recommend this treat .
my dog has to have one every morning . she gobbles it up in no time and keeps her breath fresh .
like wet sand when " clumped " . sticks to bottom of litter pan and is very difficult to scrape up and out . avoid at all costs .
super cute concept ! my ferret loves it , and often i can find him cuddled up inside sleeping . i would definitely recommend this toy .
the rain coat does the job but it is rather long in front for short legged dogs ( cairn terrier ) . i also don't like the hood much .
the thing that goes around broke off in a week . not worth the $ $ $ . our cat was not rough with it either .
this is a great product . it gets lots of hair off my cats , and they love the feel of the brush .
cottie loves it . therefore , so do i . all other flavors in this purina one line are also favorably received . hhk
this has helped my dog immensely . when we ran out she started to be in pain and stiff again . we will not run out again .
bought these because they were cheap as a add-on product . works as they should . can be re-used a couple times if your cheap like me .
pros : lasts a long timeno scentbetter option than rawhide bonescons :p rice has gone upcan be sharp
best water conditioner out on the market . you can never go wrong with seachem prime . i love this so much .
this stuff is great , and we will be buying more every month . this is the pest price we have found so far .
helps my cat tremendously ! i have purchased this several times and find the large container the best buy for the size and price .
my dogs love this ball , but the squeaker gets torn out too fast . i wish it held up a little better .
my birds love those rough perches , it provides a good grip and also file their nails as well as beaks
we bought this for our aussie / hound mix becuase she gets board and digs . she loves it , but it dosn't last very long .
both of my dogs love these treats . i use them for training during agility and obedience classes . i'll be ordering more ...
the collars ( 5 of them ) just didn't seem to make any difference at all . i had to use something else .
nicely made , nice colors . and the cats couldn't care less . not a hit at my house . they don't even touch them .
anabelle likes this thing . took her a few minutes to figure it out , now she plays with it quite often .
my dogs would inhale their food , giving them an instant burping issue ... or worse . these have seriously improved this issue by slowing them down .
lupine 1/2 " pet harnessgreat product , item is as described with speedy delivery service , excellent packaging , would buy from again , and again .
meal time excitement disappears when they realize this is being served.they ate it , not completely and with no gusto.this one is a fail with my kitties .
cant say it worked at all ! he did not even like the taste , had to hide it in food-waste of money .
well i assume she loved themshe ate them up in a snapthe she took a nice and healthy ... nap
excellent food for my 16 year old cats , not throwing up every day , and that is a good thingthanks
this is the best stuff i've found for removing cat urine smells . it smells very chemical for a day or so but eventually goes away .
bought this for my chihuahua and she loves it . it squeaks and crinkles and the long arms , legs , and tail make tug-of-war fun !
our dog needs to have these hard bones to keep her teeth clean & it doesn't really seem to matter what type , but she scarfs these right up .
this is really handy and gets the job done every single time ! this is the third one we have purchased , and we love them . very handy .
good soft squeaky toy and our dog loves them . have bought this item before and was pleased with the overall quality .
i use these at our pet hotel and have tried others . i like these the best as they don't tear and the lavender scent is nice .
i love that it entertains him . he gets such an excited look when i ask him where his bees are !
my cat love these , as soon as i find them , we lose them again from playing with them and then we start over again !
i returned this seems very flimsy . and i still worried that my dogs would be able to break through it .
works very well for removing the cat odors that arise with my girls from time to time . i'm a repeat buyer
good value . i assume it works on dog - i have no way to know in short-term . ask me in five years .
i dewormed my cats and the worms did not come back . i will use this in the future if needed :) easy to use as well :)
not sure if this works but time will tell , one of pups will not let me brucpsh her tweth so i will give this a try .
a great litter box in all respects . it is large and sturdy . you don't really need to use the plastic door . a great value !
this is a great dog house , my dog right away claimed it as his and loves to sleep in it .
my cats jd needs to get a pill everyday and it's so much easier to give him his pill with the pill pockets .
very nice traveler roller backpack . my puppy ready went inside and she look very cute . high recommendation for any one who want to travel .
the leather wasn't even all the way round , and it was enormous , too big for both dogs , sent it back .
good idea but i have too goldens and not good for more than one dog they got tangled in it .
what's to say this is the best treat ever . my bichon gets one a day after our evening walk .
i clean the fountain once a week . a filter usually lasts 2-3 weeks before it needs to be changed because of slime on the fountain .
i will not buy this product againg because it wasn't large enoughalsothey were not thick enough for what i need
quick , responsive service - couldn't have been better . the chain is quality through and through and the customer service was fantastic . i definitely recommend this !
my dogs love playing with these and fight ouver them . i need to order more so they will all have one .
my aussies sure working for this treat ! great mini size , not messy , and easy to take with you and dispense as training treats .
excellent product to improve the health of the skin and fur of my dogs . i am totally satisfied . with it
i will order another , since it is working so well . i recommend this and everyone needs to pick the height they need .
i really love this bed , so does my dog.its soft to touch and i guess its comfy cause my dog sleeps on it almost every night .
it does not spark his interest at all , the picture was misleading thought it was flashing lights not a ball ...
i love the all natural ingredients and my pups seem to really like it and it has always agreed with them .
my cat loves this brand of food . great price , conveinent delivery and a great variety to choos fromwill continue to purchase all the flavors
sharp but not scary sharp and i love the blunt edges so you won't accidently poke your dog . my dog has very soft , thick hair .
i have blood parrots & a red spotted severum . they love this food . their color is great & they are healthy !
recently got a new kitten . she likes fancy feast food--the texture and gravy . i will probably go on auto ship soon .
the toy itself is well made and very well constructed , but our cat finds it totally uninteresting . it's all a matter of taste .
my pup go crazy for these treats . they're also great for training . i highy recommend these treats . just i could find a bigger jar ... lol
dog chewed through the rope in less then one day ! my dog is a hound puppy so i had thought it would hold up .
a bull mastiff broke it the first day i got it like it was tied up with dental floss . dont put anything bigger than about 30 lbs on it
but now he loves it . dances at it and talks to it , reduced his squaking . have had difficultly finding mirrors so this was a good deal .
i just had my female basset's teeth cleaned and the vet recommended this product , so that's why i'm using it . it's easy to administer .
great for refreshing a bunnies bottom ! it also helps with heavy shedding.my bun didn't mind the wipes , too much .
i have a wonderful poodle that looks best always groomed . her coat can be a challenge . this comb works for me very wll .
this absolutely did not work and it smells like regular apple vinegar that you would get at the grocery store .
my german shepherds are only interested if it has treats in it which they can get out in about two seconds .
theses were okay , they were as durable as i thought . the little bumps stick up so they are able to chew those off the edges .
my four year old loves this little guy . it is just right in size and the squeaker is just the right sound level .
i use these filters for my smaller aquariums like ten galleons . this is a great easy filters , keeps water clear and is easy to change .
working very well i love it and my corals love it too , go get one and you will love it
the is one of my springer pup's ( 9 months ) favorite fetch toys . it is tough and well weighted for long throws ! great product .
this toy is a big hit with my two six month old siamese cats . they play with it almost every day .
i got the size small and it fits her perfectly . she looks so cute in it . i'll be back when this one wears out .
two of our four cats like these . they light to toss them , chase them . i know they like the paper crinkly noise .
cat with herpes virus in her eye licks this lysine product off my finger daily to help keep the virus at bay .
my pit told me not to do this again . she loves natural balance duck & taters.no more rachel's dog food . natural balance is my dog's favorite .
this works great if you have an excited eater in the house . it slower our dog down and she gets less gas
cured the thing that my fish had , seems strong , don't overdoes . good for only some types of fungus , check the type
my dogs love these even after there is barely anything left . they carry it around everywhere and play tug of war .
i mix this with the lamb and rice and the dogs love it . i have two dogs with sensitive stomachs and neither have had any problems with this .
best cat toy of all the toys we have ever bought . our cats will play for hours with these bouncy springs .
i bought these to put my puppies vitamins in and he just doesn't like them !
only one of my kittens really liked these . he carries it around and i find them all over the house .
so cheaply made , tiny and paper thin . would probably last a day and my dogs dont chew up their toys !
easy to use and kills aiptasia on the first shot if done correctly . i haven't had any aiptasia come back after treating with this product .
a different spin on dog toy but yutah likes it and that is all that matters . well worth the price
these are ok and my pup uses them--sometimes . they are a plus because my pup rips up the disposable ones and plays with them , shred by shred .
a friend recommended these , but i think i gave my box to a local shelter because my dog couldn't have cared less about them ..
my ferret would not eat this stuff . i tries several times to get her to eat it and she turned her nose up every time .
very easy to use once you get a the hang of it . i recommend a bucket for the waste water .
my mother in law bought this stain eliminator for dogs . she is very happy with the product and uses it often
all my dogs love this product . it is fine served plain or mixed with dry food . if you have a small dog cut the chunks into pieces .
little dog terrified of the wand - and he has never been struck or mistreated in any way.he loves the little fox so we just threw the wand away .
these ear wipes are easy to use & have a pleasant scent . my puppy , a mini dachshund , doesn't seem to mind getting her ears wiped .
these filters work well but i really think for the price they should last longer than the recommended change cycle .
dogs devour these . healthy , nutritious and they love them . more expensive than some but , what we won't do for our fuzzy children .
i don't know if it really helps with hairballs or not but my cats look forward to it every morning .
this elusive rabbit treat is hard to find compared to the other zuke's . we break these treats in half and use them for training .
i bought this along with the matching harness and leash for my 11 week old chihuahua . this collar fits her perfectly and its not too wide or thick .
our kittehs really like playing with it so far couldn't wait to play with it as soon as i got it out of the box .
my dog absolutely loves this ball ! ! most of her dogs are silent so this one stands out as it " talks " to her .
nice litter box and i like that the opening is large , i have a big cat . easy to clean without taking the lid off .
i have 2 drinkwell fountains and have found this filter to be superior to the 2 section filter for keeping the water fresh longer .
very portable . my little chihuahuas love these steps to get onto the couch or into the bed with no problem . compact storage and easily collapsible .
my dog had no interest in this toy and pretty much killed the ball in record time . would not bother again .
seems like okay product , maybe other people's cats like it but ours didn't . our cat doesn't like liver treats or food .
this isn't my cat's favorite toy but he really likes it and it lasted a long time .
these are exactly as described . they have a light scent and are heavy weight so they don't tear when you are trying to pick up waste .
keeps the dogs busy for hours - just put some peanut butter and a treat it's good to go . make sure you get the black .
my dog is very picky , she did not like these but i can't blame the product . they are as described .
made both cats sick i reported it to the company they removed the product as others said it made their cats sick as well
i'm not sure how this has so many good reviews . it was a complete waste of money . i returned it along with the spray and shampoo .
it is expensive , but the cats like it . it does not seem to get dried out in this packaging and you save a little buying the big package
bought this with my two sporn halter collars . shipping was better than expected . highly recommend this item and the halter collars for dogs that like to pull .
i found this product to be a choking hazard big time ! ! ! save your pet and yourself the heartache , do not buy ! ! !
cat ignores this , also it is nothing but folded cardboard . ugly and useless . i can't imagine any cat giving a rats behind for this .
it is another great kong product . i recommend this for puppies and smaller adult dogs . large dogs could chew it in half .
nothing fancy , but serves the purpose . size 3 fit my doberman pinscher well . the strap is quite long , so it offers ample room for adjustment .
it's smaller in person . i like the rubbery material . it is definitely a no slip mat . it only works for small spills .
product came quickly , nothing defective about product ... but nothing works better than the homemade remedy . ( vinegar , peroxide , baking soda ) .
this is a great device that protects your pet from being thrown around the vehicle in case of an accident .
very high in salt content.treats smell like they were doused in liquid smoke & that makes them salty , salty . will not reorder .
my maltese loves this instead of a tooth brush . i put in on my little finger with some toothpaste . nice job .
i dont know if my cats are weird or what but they were not crazy about this stuff . they're young and havent really had catnip .
the product works well a a temporary fix-the only way to fix the problem is to do daily water changes until issue is cleared .
we use this in our john deere gator for our dog and it really doesn't spill , even driving on uneven ground .
my dog has colitis so fortiflora has become a staple in his diet . it's a bit expensive so i really appreciate the multi-box pricing .
cats loved it.very heavy.takes some time to assemble , instructions not clear.after two months a piece came off :( cat still use rest of it .
this is fantastic , i have a white bichon and her hair is whiter and no more brown stains . love it .
my cat loves to sleep with this toy . good to snuggle with bite . & kicki do not have a micro . so can't warm
warm with a great fleece lining and fits wonderfully . a great color on a dark dog . arrived on time in perfect condition . love it ! ! !
doesn't fit into the baby kong at all . won't order again . disappointed . running out of words here amazon . you require too many .
the shipping was great , but my dogs were too much for this toy . it is not indestructible and they had it in pieces on day 1 .
it is a nice brown . when my chinnie is more confident ( he is little ) i am sure he will play all around it .
good solid clippers for use on my 4 cats . i don't use the shield which is removable . the handles are easy to grip .
i love this thing ! i bought it specifically because i wanted a scooper that was easy to carry . works great , the bags fit fine .
i tried this before i purchased the petsafe dldt - 305 deluxe little-dog remote trainer for pets under 40 pounds . my miniature schnauzers barked right through it .
purchased this for the outdoor cats here in utah and the water still freezes . the bottom stays thawed so you can poor the frozen water out easily .
got to add to my betta food collection . also says it helps with constipation . i guess we'll just have to wait and see .
this is too big for my foster pups but mama likes it . just know that it's one piece , not two separate chews .
my hamster loves these little twists . she unravels them and leaves them in the corner of her cage . i would buy these again .
helps keep my juvenile beardie healthy and active . is a must in beardie care and can be bought for a great price on amazon .
therefor only 4 stars because cushion is important . right size for the kennel being used and the cover is very nice .
good price for this product & i'll continue to order as my dogs really like the & never leave them .
you and your dog will love this toy . the whistle really works and the ball stood up to my pitbull's destructive jaws .
my dog loved them ... they were priced well . he is a big dog - so they disappeared quickly . we will probably get some more !
easy to clean and my pup loves snuggling up on this at nap and bed time :p looks nice too .
it is for our dogs as it is their dinner . when supper is up , they are ready to eat them again .
it works very well with the pulling problem but my dog doesn't like it on , so usually after walks i take it off her .
put peanut butter in it and freeze it . give it to him at night when i crate him , he loves it .
this banana dog is really cute and small enough for my little dog to handle . i think it is sort of a " conversation " piece .
this stuff is super heavy compared to other litters but it seems to absorb scents proportionately better . ( by that i mean , very well . )
4 tubes , 4 cats - purrfect . product worked with no adverse effects or problems . also arrived much quicker than anticipated . will purchase again .
this item is the item that i need for my filter . i love the item cause is the right one . it fits the filter for a good price
our cats are finicky and they tend to be more into the less healthy foods , but they gladly ate this kibble .
it serves its purpose , and it sturdy , but definitely does not contain messes at all . no problems with it at all . !
i've looked for these elsewhere and they are usually too expensive . the bags are strong and just about the right size .
kinda flimsy . would not keep a dog of much size in . might give you time to pull the car over though .
our cats love these treats . when i rattle the bag they come running ! great for locating " lost " cats , ha ha !
our small dogs love this toy , possibly because it does more than just squeak . well made , long lasting . recommend for small dogs .
but the dogs love them . and they aren't the formed rawhide so i don't have little pieces all over .
theses do a great job and we used them often . the material is durable , it fits easily in the fountain .
the squeak is not very loud and it is almost nonexistent now and she doesn't squeak it all that much .
my little dogs did not like these treats . but they are very picky . i still have these in my cupboard .
my dogs like it . i hope that it is healthy . not inexpensive , but if it helps my dogs be healthy , i am happy .
these work very well if you have different sized aquariums , which i do . having an assortment of sizes works well
dogs love it and it has improved their health by eliminating grains . we use the dry food too , won't buy anything else .
these fit perfectly into the kong toys i ordered for my bully babies . they love them and the price isn't outrageous like you find with most dog treats .
didn't fit as good as should . quality not that good . not the best but bigger than you think it is .
good starter kit for a chewing pup . the new puppy really took to this and hopefully will chew toys and not furniture .
my cat finally allows me to brush her . however , it's a little difficult to get her fur off the brush .
all my 3 dogs just love it . i don't know why . they just go crazy when i show them what i got . lol
best planted aquarium substrate on the market . what plants are growing amazingly quick . i didn't rinse it i just add it to a new tank .
divider included and super easy instructions as well as training advice ... impressed . would def recommend this product to other pet owners
this is a sturdy comb that i use for my husky . this is an absolute must-have to help maintain a dog with undercoats !
for me . i used this to keep my little precious pom from chewing and licking her paws . it works great !
i am very happy with these toys . i would buy them again and again . my dog just loves them a lot .
used to use the consequence for years but switched up . big ole golden ned's all the help we can give him .
he absolutely destroys it every time i get him one . it's so fun to see him interact with it that i am continually willing to buy another one .
buy for a friend that feeds stray cats in her neighborhood . cats love and devour it so i give it five stars .
i really like these pads , absorbent and more durable than other pads i have tried . the price is better than most other pads as well !
kitty likes this toy but the string is a bit too long . i think i'd rather have the toy mounted on top of the stick .
it is super easy to set up , comes with its own carrying bag , and seems to be great quality . recommend .
brooke our mini golden doodle loves her new launcher . so does her best friend dan .
my dog destroyed this in about 10 minutes . she chewed off two of its arms , but still gets some enjoyment out of it mangled remains .
tried and tried this stuff but the dogs just won't go ' there ' . they didn't seem to like the smell and stay away from it !
third one now . they go everywhere with a precious little shitzu . they even have to be carried outside on walks !
great value for money . i like the blue ones and the handy carrying container is cute and clips to his leash so i don't forget .
way too damned small for anything larger than a robo dwarf . water bottle from hell . hard to fit together coupler pieces . just a cruel joke .
at first the rabbits chewed on it a bit and then they completely ignored it . it clearly is not a toy to they rabbits . waste of money .
exactly what we wanted . doesn't quite fit a 30 lb bag of normal kibble food . but is great anyway ! woo
these are much thinner than other brands but that doesn't seem to negatively affect them . these are good for an old cat that started peeing in the corner .
i feed these to my dogs for a snack . they enjoy them and are happy when i toss them one .
it's about 2 " round and is great for small nano aquariums . i've even used it to suspend a breeder net before :)
prefer the ex-pen that is connected by rod rather than clips as this is but still very serviceable . easy to connect the two i bought .
so far i haven't seen any result with this product . it smells good but the plaque is still there and hasn't budged ... even with brushing .
i liked these wipes , pleasant smell , just the right size to do the job , will definitely purchase again , great price .
i get my dog to take medication without an y problem ... really saves me from a pain in the a hole ! ! !
this feeder works great for our cats while we are away . there is nothing hi-tech about it , but it does the job well .
my syrian hamster loves these . one will last him about two weeks .. but everyday he makes sure to go nibble on it for a little .
not many toys last long ( more than a few minutes ) with our rotties , but these zogoflex toys last and last , and the dogs love them .
one of three different treats that my dog just gobbles up . she loves them and can't get enough to suite her .
my wife is a veterinarian and very happy with their guinea pig food . in fact , she has been impressed with all their products .
used this for doggie grooming and it works as stated . holds up well and if kept clean is good for several uses .
these wipes were just fine until half of them dried up because the top lid fits poorly to the container . i won't buy them again .
my dog didn't care about this toy at all . i was hoping it would be something fun for him but he just was not interested .
this was a great safeguard for my little puppy while she's being housebroken . this way i have easy access to her .
my cat likes it only initially . he ' ll take it but it should be given alternately with his previous regular food
i love the toy , amazing design , but my cat doesnt care for it . hopefully when she grows up since she is still kitten
we got this when everyone was out of salmon oil and it has made our dogs fur softer than ever ! i recommend over salmon oil any day .
don't waste your money . this product doesn't work for my dog . i tried the calm k9 biscuits and that worked a lot better than this diffuser .
this lasted my cat a good 3 months , then the fabric started wearing and falling apart , but for the price it doesn't matter .
no complaints . works well for my mini doxie . grip is soft and easy to lock and unlock . length is perfect for a small dog .
the instructions are very clear , and it takes no more than 5 min to do a pair of tests . i'd recommend it .
great for my pete's allergies , i like the liquid instead of popping pills . this is mostly bottle , but comes with a dropper .
they drink from it and i like that is collapses after use . i was worried about it tearing up , but so far it has held up .
great pump , very powerful and quiet and very inexpensive .. couldn't be happier great product at an awesome price ... sa df s d f sss s
my dogs love these squirrels and their home . they last a long time . if the squeakers go they lose interest
my dog loves this treat ! ! ! i taught my dog tricks using this treat and she learned the trick soooo fast ! ! !
i have this in size large and medium and my dogs absolutely love it ! its fun and durable and i see it lasting for the long run .
this product worked from the first and continues to do what i hoped it would ! would recommend to anyone with a similar situation !
our dog goes crazy over these ! ! these truly are wonderful & work great for those of you who's pet has a sensitive stomach . gina
we put these on our dogs ( lab mixes , about 60 pounds each ) when thunder threatens or fireworks begin . they seem to help quite a bit .
great product . my plants love it , ever since i've added this to my aquarium repertoire they have grown more lush green and dark .
my girls just love these sweet potato fries . they come running when they see the bag and i tell them here's your goodies .
the egg is slightly smaller than i had imagined , but otherwise it is what i expected . it is about the size of a baseball .
my cat loves it , and it really does remove a lot of cat hair that would otherwise end up all over the house . easily worth the money .
these work so efficiently ! it absorbs well & dries fast as what it was advertised . it's light & it's huge enough to wrap my dog with it !
we carry this bowl hooked to our dogs bag so that when we travel , we always have a water bowl .
did not like them at all . no good quality , so the price was much to high for this type of cat toy .
i expected better results but i guess it didn't work as well as i hoped since the dog still detected certain spots .
not sure they get much exercise as they seem to roll toward my voice maybe should set them down farther from me
i was feeling out my pigs on what kind of treats to keep getting them , they were not too fond of these
my 2 dogs just loved these ! i was looking for a dental type treat and these really fit the bill .
these filters do their job . i change them every four weeks . have not had any problems with the fountain . two cats use it .
this may be the only place that sell these . the price is good and the service is great . what more can i say about these great filters ?
my cats love their turbo scratchers ( i have 3 ) ! i ordered this for my friend's kitty , and i hope he loves it as much !
keeps the dog out of it ( after he opened one with the flip top lid ) and fits an entire 27 lb bag of food
i could have made this from stuff lying around the house.it ' s made from cheap " hanger " style wire and 4 tiny pieces of cardboard .
this product does not work . i have been putting it on my dogs food for over a month and she still produces tear stains .
these are only good for small dogs , i would not use for a large dog , probably for dogs under 40lbs
these helped my puppy with his sensitive stomach issues . the little scoop is annoying and everything got tuck to the bottom but overall , a good product
my cats all love this and i love the filter being easily accessed . i have bought drinking fountains before and this has been the best one
this is the cutest little thing ever . the quality is good , it looks adorable , and fit my 5.1 lb chihuahua perfectly . worth the price .
grain free makes a big difference for my dog's weight . he's an easy keeper so taking the bulk out of his snacks keeps us all happy .
i haven't used it yet as i am working with the feliways and calming collars right now . so i can't rate this product yet .
i recommend using this product - but not alone . doesn't work too well by itself , but helped add to efficiency of other calming aids .
excellent food , super ingredients ! this is the stuff cats are supposed to eat , folks.unlike the other reviewer , my cats absolutely love it .
this dog chew is practically indestructible and my beagle can destroy just about everything . it provides good chewing without worry that it will damage my dogs teeth .
sharp , easy to use . overall length fooled me as i didn't realize how short the cutting surfaces were . worked we'll just the same .
chuckits are just great for dogs and puppies with lots of energy . the balls fit perfectly and you can easily pick them up with the chuckit handle .
so cool , thank you so much . just have to train my guinea pig to get use to her nails being done
my dog has no interest in playing with this toy . nothing against the product .. guess it's just not my dog's preferred toy .
my dog bit right thru hole and got the sponge out and then wouldnt haven anything else to do with the toy so for me i wasnt overly impressed
these bows are really cute . they are made well and look adorable on my yorkie ! definitely worth the money spent .
my dog loves it . it keeps him so warm and snuggles his body well . recommend this product to others . great
coolaroo large steel-framed pet bed , brunswick greeni found this to be light weight.easy to handle and assemble . just perfect for a deck or porch .
this is a good treat if you have more than one cat . i have 5 and they love it !
fish oil is great for dogs , just like humans . out two bichons have no issue with chewing and swallowing them with their breakfast meal .
wonderful net , i feel its worth buying for the price . thanks for reading my review . and also i need more words , so yep !
easy to use the long handled toothbrush and the finger cottlet to brush even back teeth , dogs love the brushing paste
might be ok for a small dog with little teeth but if your dog is a really agressive chewer , this toy won't last very long .
nice leash . seems sturdy . it has a really nice design and color . clasp is a little clumsy , but secure . would purchase again .
my kitties love these ! i have a kitty with special urinary needs and these have really helped with that , good product !
nice cushy warm bed for my cat . she uses it a lot ! it's a nice size and i don't think you'll be disappointed , nicely made .
it does manage to get some fur out . most of the fur drops to the floor and some attaches to the brush .
this is a cat food that both of my cats love which makes our life easier than catering to each of them .
bought this toy for my golden when he was 7 months old , it was a lot of fun for him while it lasted , maybe one month .
at least my dogs think so . not bad . the end tends to get crusty if you dont use it every couple of weeks
it works as advertised . i would like the clamp to open a little wider however most would not have a table as thick as mine .
nothing special here . its not any louder then other clickers i've used with my dogs . it is decently constructed though and does the job ok .
perfect for my little ones ... 12-30 lbs . they last forever and my guys love to gnaw at these . they don't break apart or splinter
my dogs wear these when in the car.it keeps them from being ejected in an accident.they fit well ( adjustable ) . the large is for a labrador .
as tempted as you might , don't do it ! even though ass-cat will attack pizza in 30 seconds ... funky full size anchovies included .
i love it bigger than i thought it was going to be the dog seems to be enjoying throwing this up and around will order again
love this puppy shampoo ! have used it on all my dogs because it's so gentle on their skin and coat . has a good cherry smell to it !
fun thing for the holidays , but also they like it and it seems to be good for them ! i am happy with it .
love them my cats went nuts and can't play enough with them . i will need to order more in the future
this dog food is just what we needed for our airedale - she loves it and it is healthy for her .
this is a great toy . looks real my cat bachi toss the bird in the air . will carry like a real bird .
this is a wonderful harness .. cool , light weight , attractive and well made . i have 3 of them . colors are very nice too
this really looks like moon glow it has some warmth emitting from it also not to bright has a nice price too
i tried several other scratching options but nothing caught their fancy until this . they use it all the time . this is my second one .
my mastiff gets two of these a day to help with osteoarthritis , and it seems to help . he is okay with the flavor too - even better !
works pretty well to clean tear stains around my bichon frise's eyes . does the job .
the product was not big enough for the base it was intended to be used for and my puppies just shredded them .
i have 26 cats and not one of them played with this cat toy . i was very disappointed . i am surprised that none of them liked it .
the puppy is happy with it so far and has not had any problems . seems to be a good food for the price .
too big and bulky so i sent it back . why doesn't anyone make really good , lightweight subtle dog bags that don't cost a fortune ?
our dog has a strong bite ! had this for a couple weeks and it almost looks like new . the squeaker in the center is perfect .
i needed a light canopy to fit a nano tank that i use for hatching crested geckos . this fits perfectly but cost almost as much as the terrarium .
this is perfect for hiking . it fits in my backpack without taking any room at all and the dogs lap happily from it .
we have a large puppy we rescued and she loves these and they hold up well i highly recommend them most kong toys are strong .
my large breed puppy loves this food , she'll be eating it until she turns 1 year old and it has the best usa ingredients .
too heavy for it's size  my big labradoodle doesn't carry it around so i leave it in his crate for busy time .
bought this for my aquaclear 50 . it worked as advertised . will buy more soon as i run out . i like that they are cleanable and reusable .
it has done wonders storing all the cat food we have been storing in multiple containers and extra boxes , what a relief !
two of my cats love these , two won't touch them . they seem to help with hairballs too ( and work as treats in any case ! )
my guppies gave birth inside this . no frys were eaten because of this . very sturdy as ive dropped this a few times .
hard to squeeze the bottle & need to use a measuring spoon , but will travel unlike the pump bottles . good value .
seems to be working well . the dogs love them and are back to chewing :-)
the first collar worked fine . when we put the second collar on , 5 mo . after the first , my dog had 4 ticks within a week .
love it , easy to train my young husky . only problem was that it broke after three months and had to be replaced .
switched to this from salmon oil and the dogs love it . their coats have never looked better.will definitely buy again and recommend ! thanks !
good product that my dogs love . they have been eating these beef sausage slices for the past few months and is their favorite of all their treats .
my one cat loves sticking his claws in this and throwing it and catching it , it is so funny ! :-)
our maltese seem to love these . we get a slightly larger size relative to size of dogs , but they chew away and are back for more .
switched to this grain free dry cat food after my cat was diagnosed with a thyroid condition - they love it !
this carrier is airline approved and works great . i flew several states away to pick up my new puppy and this worked great .
dog poops solid and loves to eat this . what more is there to say ? initially got it from my vet and now just order through here .
my dog loved this ! i liked the fact that it was made in the usa and had less garbage ingredients than other bones .
our little dog loves these " cookies " . we only buy " dry " treats with no wheat or corn , so this one suits .
takes lots of hair off our lab but i'm not 100 % sure it actually helps him shed less . however , as a brush it's pretty solid .
my dog never liked it had to throw it awayshe would refuse eating if i added any on her food
i sprinkle this on my cat's raw food and they gobble it up ! stinks , but they like it and it's good for them .
great.this product works wonders on my cats , calms them down allmost immediately and continues to work on my cats .
my friend yesterday said my dog's coat looked fantastic . i think its from this fish oil . ordered 5/2013 and pump was included . thanks !
this is a very sturdy toy for chinchillas to gnaw on . it takes them awhile to chew the whole knot up .
this is truly the best cat litter ever ! a little pricey but worth paying the price for no odor and easy cleaning litter !
i have two dogs that love getting their treats and this one is always on the counter . you can't beat the price , either !
not sure if i really notice a difference , but haven't had to place it in a really smelly area as of yet so it's hard to tell !
my cat really enjoys this cat food although he hated the catit ( dried cat fish ) and didn't eat the meow mix .
wish the wand was longer and the fabric shorter . my cat likes it , but loses interest quickly . cost too much .
was looking for a purple lead to go with the purple harness and this fit the need perfectly . i love these extend a leads .
i have ordered this product before . it works well . it's air hose . you can't really go wrong with this product .
a well made stainless steel bucket that is way too nice to use as a " butt bucket " but we will anyway !
would have been nice if there was someway to have noise addee , but it is long lasting and durable with good flight .
super cute and possibly more durable for " adult " dogs . my 8 month old pom immediately chewed holes on the ear and leg .
if your dog goes through dog chews as fast as mine do , this is a great buy ! the chews were good quality too !
this product is great . it came early . the dog loves it . it is very sturdy and she plays with it all the time .
i don't like this bed again i gave it away , it's too small and not deep enough and really flimsy i wouldn't recommended it maybe for a outside cat
my picky girls both love this food . this is the only brand and flavor that they agree on . it's a regular in our house .
my friend and i bought these for use in the kitchen rather than as litter scoops . they work great for straining liquid off veggies . :-]
i really like the small size of the kibbles and the dogs seem to like the taste so its a win win
i have trained my cat to walk with a harness and leash.he is very at ease wearing it , when needed .
this is a very well made and useful carrier . i use it in my car regularly .
all i have to do is say " do you want a treat and he is jumping all over in happy anticipation .
works great . too much power for a 3-5 gallon tank . anything over , will be just fine .
dogs don't like it because its not destructable , so it just sits there . no flavor and they have no desire to chew this .
ended up getting these as recommended with a filter i bought but they don't fit and i had already opened them so cant return .
items like this are very difficult to review until at least a month or two go by . however , i will update after that time goes by .
great litter box but i don't appreciate the label which is non-removable . but it is easy to clean . came quickly .
bought a few of these for my 5 cats and they all love them . i see them lying on them all the time .
my kittens love these.they are brightly colored and jingle when batted around.great price for a basic kitty toy .
saves your money bit be prepared for the hassle of having black coal powder in your sync , your hands and possibly your cloth . kinda messy .
this is the best stuff on the market ! ive used it for years and depend on it ! never a dead fish ! thanks !
i love this product great for people who have kittens that get into everything.teaches them to stay away from places you don't want them to go .
my pigs love to play soccer with this around the cage , then violently tear it apart . it is very good for their recreation and teeth .
lid doesn't stay on but it's a poop box . it does its job and holds the kitty poo poo just fine
this worked great and i was very happy with the result . i would recommend this to a friend , and i would buy again .
my pitt-mix , zelda loves theese duck jerky treats ! she cant get enough of these tasty tenders of duck ! smoke on
my lab has arthritis and these work really good . she loves the taste of them and it makes it very easy to give them to her .
i like the ruff weather ones better by ideal but if you want to save money these work just fine .
these are our dogs favorite balls ... he can see them when its dark and chews on them and still has not destroyed them ! ! !
sadie loves it and need no encouraging to start scratching away . it looks lovely in my living room . gets compliments .
best price of any web site i have searched for . this is a huge bottle that will last forever--great ! ! totally impressed have recommened to many .
cats won't eat them . going to try giving them to relatives , see if one of their cats will go for them .
chasing our tails elk rack snack , 100 - percent all naturally shed elkantler is my dogs favorite treat , doesnt get messy and lasts a while .
these treats were a good idea however , they have no smell , and my dog is not interested in them at all , i suggest a stronger flavor
this product is ok becouse it dosent tell u the exact humitydity level it is at sometimes its off some numbers
dogs seemed to like them but i didn't notice any difference in tartar control with them . rather expensive for what they did .
just got them today . i like them , but will my pup like them is the question . time will be the test .
i never even got to use this ! my bad , i thought it was rechargeable . i did get a very pleasent experience returning it though !
i found this complicated . i couldn't figure out how to put it on my pup . i was looking for something that didn't require more than one snap .
love that this is healthy for the dogs . i baked it and they loved them . easy to follow instructions . good stuff .
i find this brush works well on my poodle mix . it doesn't hurt her and she likes being brushed every day .
i've used this with my two dogs and they like the flavor . they hold still when i brush their teeth with this toothpaste .
as a fine furry cute felllow i need lots of timothy hay to keep me happy and healthy this does the job . i would recommend .
it's way too much for my 10 pound dog.he doesn't like it . another wastte of money . i hate that they make you use more words then you need
i don't think my hamsters are into chews , , they don't really chew on these or any i have got
this is a great product for getting cats to stop inappropriately urinating . it worked for us within 48 hrs . i highly recommend it
the cats loved it . good price . good plastic jar container so i didn't have to use my own container . thanks .
my 15 year old cat has tummy troubles . this product helps regulate her system . it's kind of like activia for kitties .
i enjoyed using this product on my pet . it has a nice scent and leave my pet's hair soft and shiny .
softest material i have ever put my hands on . arrived on time , definitely a dog would love it , the inside part is removable for cleaning .
my dogs love all these products . i have bought them many times & will continue to do so . they're all yummy !
its a nice fitting top . it " snaps " into place without any hassles and it does not interfere with changing the litterpan .
we've used this product for years and believe it helps our dogs ' overall health and all digestion issues . great product !
my cats love this food . i've bought it for years and it does not upset their stomachs.it smells almost good enough to eat !
my cat likes the regular cat nip , but , she really loves this stuff and there is no mess to clean up . recommend .
well once i had to reorder from manufacturer . was sent small , needed large , they didnt ave large . not very happy
price too high for single flavor case . it is less at grocery stores . cats love it , good food , price too high .
the never ending bag of puff balls . they show up in the strangest of places too . kitty likes them , so we do too .
my dogs enjoy this crunchy rawhide type dental treat occasionally . it has no smell whatsoever and is a clean , neat dental treat that leaves no mess .
my german shepherd ruined this hammock the 3rd time she got in my car . she ripped the hammock in half , wouldn't recommend for large active dogs .
i used this a lot when my 18 year old cat peed all over the place . it also does a great job treating existing stains .
this will keep her busy for a long time - - great for big chewers . part of the product is bristle brushes which help to keep teeth clean .
my dogs love this toy . it has held up very will with three large dogs . they carry it around all the time . highly recommend .
i bought this product because i live in an appartment and take my dogs downstairs to potty , it is very nice to have it on leash
these come in handy when i have several puppies . they can have more room to plan and sleep . thankyou very much .
this worked great i actually ordered this as a second one for my rescue dog . he is now house broken because of this .
these are one of the best product to feed my fry ! they grow quicker and healhier using this product . highly recommend these for all fry !
cat loves it thinks its a real bird . if you have a cat buy this toy . you will not regret it ...
this is a wonderful toy . my grey loved this toy . it's a great value for the size and it's very bright and colorful , too .
cheap toy , instantly ripped on the mouth , but the squeaker is good so far although i don't let him play with it until i've fixed the rip .
my 12 lb chihuahua fits perfectly and securely in this . it is great for dogs who shed . it is deep so she is comfortable in this .
actually bought this to use on my 2 lop-eared bunnies . is a good product . gets the job done . highly recommend this comb
i used this to wash my guinea pigs . they came out smelling nice and fresh . i would recommend this product .
good product , good ingredients . perfect size for a few snacks / treats all throughout the day . great for large and small dogs .
my dogs love these bones & have already nearly finished the whole bag . they are braided , so last a long time . would highly recommend .
i am loving my clipper it's great i found it easy to use and i fine motor problems but i had no problems
you can tell no bad breath , they actually like this i would buy again . i noticed no bad dog breath .
favorite bed in the house , now that the temperatures are dropping . it'll fit two cats if they don't mind being smushed together .
my dog loves this chimp . the sounds are very funny and the look on his face when the chimp talks is priceless .
not a fan . the rubber zoom groom is way better . this i feel does absolutely nothing except maybe give a good massage
i dropped it and broke it with in 10 minutes of opening the box . i am sure it will work , but it is very fragile .
these little treats are just the right size without a lot of extra calories . we give them to our two dogs after they have competed their morning tricks
more carriers should be built like this . both the breeder and the vet loved it , and the cats don't seem to mind it . :)
in addition to seeming quite tasty , my dog has not had any bad breath issues . however , i would suggest breaking them in half for smaller dogs .
my dogs really like these and they enjoy them a little longer than regular biscuits . i'd buy these again for them .
it gave off a greenish light rather than the warmer white light of other t8 15 watt aqueon bulbs we had
cannot live without this , i use the shampoo too but this refreshes my dog in between shampoos and i love the scent !
same with these had to go find them on line yes ill buy more of this and the dogs love them
our dog absolutely loves this toy . she has played with it for 4 years . highest recommendation possible . very durable toy .
my cats only liked one or two flavors - one of which was aspic with anchovies in it . go figure .
built in baggie dispenser is very useful , but the leash can be a little on the snaggy side . may just have been the one we were sent .
these are a great treat for dogs . they love the taste and no weight gain . awesome and price is wonderful .
thank you for the fast shipment . my kitties love this item . i sprayed a little bit of catnip in it and they love the toy .
i love the durability of this dog bed . the fact that my amstaff puppy cannot scratch or bite her way through it , is awesome ! ! !
cats ate it , but didn't really care much for using the box any more or less . i'm not sure what that's all about really but oh well .
much cheaper to purchase here than at the vet's office . my older dog needs this medicine and i was pleased to find it here cheaper .
all three of my cats enjoy these treats , which appear to have quality ingredients . when the cats are happy , i'm happy .
we use this on our foster dog teaching her to come when called . does exactly what it says and a good price .
fun toy for my 2 cats . they each have one and love to chew , lick , kick , and throw them up in the air
this tiny little bowl is so not worth the price . it is flimsy and small and i don't recommend it at all .
when i bath my pom she gets cold because she is older and she really seems to like the shirt she has never worn one before
my dogs don't enjoy getting their teeth brushed but at least they and i like the vanilla ( they like the taste , i like the scent ) .
a very nice leash love the color , is sturdy and has a reflective strip on it .
i followed the instructions to the letter , but these did absolutely nothing to help clear the water . i won't be using this again .
my pups love it , soft , warm , won't slide around , dogs love it and its a nice non dirt showing color !
the best treat toy i've seen . requires just enough effort for my dog to get at the treats i stuff inside without being frustrating .
great toy for tug , or just to chew on ( if dog is not an aggressive chewer . ) well-made and long lasting .
it helps so much to help a soft & shinny coat , and with their whole body . would always recommend salmon oil .
great price for so many , and works well . how we manage to keep losing them all though is beyond me . o_o
the words are very well readable and the reflective sealant is good in case he gets outside on accident somehow
my bassets love the taste of this toothpaste . given the opportunity , i know my female would just eat it from the tube .
check the measurements - too big for my area . otherwise , it's a great product and keeps the area really clean .
sturdy and useful in keeping the dog at a good level for feeding . cleans easily . no tipping over ! i recommend this product for larger breed dogs .
the cats have adjusted to the new litter well . it does not get drug all over the house and is easier to manage .
i feed abandoned cats and they just love this canned food . no noses turned up here ! easy open cans make for easier feeding .
she loved the cake . it was easy to make and i suppose - tasted great ! she really liked it . thanks for making her birthday special !
this toothpaste makes it easier to be able to brush both my dogs teeth . they love the mint flavor so i can brush easier with less hassle .
good for my dogs joints and also lots of vitamins , makes my dogs coats soft and seems to keep them healthy , been buying this for a while now
super cheap and reliable totally recommend this to all my tank people out there way cheaper than in stores .
had to return this item . it was too loud and both of my cats wouldn't touch it even after a few days .
my cats say these are yummy and perfect for summerthey especially enjoy them as a snack after their " third after lunch " nap .
i love this product . it has made all the difference in my dogs digestive system . it is night and day . i will continue to use this .
this is a cute toy and maggie loves to play with it . walk around the house with it in her mouth .
large and absorbant . i haven't found another brand that can compare . and amazon makes it easy and affordable to buy them .
triumph pet foods refunded my money without question . no reason not to try it if your cat has special needs
the only problem is that it can get quite expensive so i use them sparingly . he definitely prefers this type to the cornstarch ones .
our first test was perfect , showing us that the item above works very well without damage / hurt for them ... we loved it ...
we own a small dog , and he absolutely loved these little toys . tug of war entertainment for hours on end .
the finches love it , and use it all the time . well made and solid . they seem to enjoy swinging back and forth .
we are responsible pet parents . got to pick up the stuff . a good buy , a must have when on the go !
another favorite of my dogs . they like the soft chewies-price was less that any where else-only place i've found thise item in the bulk size .
totally love this for my sadie . she has no trouble drinking out of this and we got the color we wanted
work great and effortlessly . great value for the price . i cut my dogs nails very easily with these . not much else i can say .
i love these containers they are very nice to store my cat food in instead of leaving in the bags and will order more ! !
great product for my grand daughters rabbit ... put it up in the living room and let the little critter run .
one of the 3 balls does not squeak and they are very small . i returned it since i will be forever getting it back from under the couch .
this seems to work well although my pup still has some crusty crud around her eyes . definetely much better though .
my bunny really likes this stuff , the bag is already half empty and he still likes it . i think i will be a returned customer .
my dog loves these treats . they smell good , are a good size , and are great rewards . i will order more .
company is wonderful to return my product but my dog just got so freighted every time that i couldn't use it .
purchased this to go with the drinkwell platinum water fountain , it keeps any dribbles off the floor . i recommend this with the drinkwell fountain .
these are the only dried food i leave out for my cats , i've started buying the bigger bag as they go so quick
this keeps my pits entertained and makes them work for the treats . it's quiet on the floor which i love and its sturdy so it can handle pits .
my dog loves loves loves this toy , she is a very aggressive chewer and this is suits her well , very indestructible and worth every penny
this is the forth one i've bought . i rescue cats and in most of the playpens i have this litter box . it takes up the least space .
i love these pickles . you can put all kinds of things deep into the grooves and it keeps the pooches busy a long time .
nice quality and just the right size . great size to carry when traveling . like it because it is foldable . the tray is also washable .
i bought a medium for my sisters dog . her dog is about 19 pounds and loves this bed . the cover comes off easier and washes well .
i was paying $ 20 + for these supplements at my veterinarian's office . now , i pay less and i don't have to drive there :)
good to have extra toys onhand for additional stimulation - nothing unusual , but can get the cats to chase the balls when i play with them .
we took this to an animal shelter and they said it was a blessing , the dogs are off the cement and love the bed
these bowls work well for cat food and water . indestructible and easy to clean . i have several , of various sizes .
great value , best water conditioner on the market . this is a much better deal than buying prime and it's the same product just in powder form .
works great but is on the small side as in not a large diameter gauge , would be easier to read if it was bigger .
out of all the brushes i own , this is by far the softest to prevent brush-burn . great on drop coats , double coats , and broken coats .
my boston likes wider bowls to stick her face in . guess she feels claustrophopic . cheap but not useful for me .
this crate is well constructed and the water bowl we got to attach on the inside is her favorite watering hole .
this is the same item in another color which i reviewed . essentially , the cat likes it and we like it for him . everybody wins .
bought 3 kongs for 3 gran dogs all in the same family . they were an immediate hit with them and they love their new kongs .
have purchased other zukes products and my dog has not turned down any of them . will continue to purchase zukes treats .
this toy is easy to use and easy to load batteries . i can play with the cats till they fall over dizzy
this bird stand works nice right now my bird likes to stay up a little higher than what i have set it , he will adapt .
i bought this for my puppy while she was teething , and it has lasted all the way through . she loves it .
this is great because my puppy thinks everything in the house is a chew toy . a couple of squirts and he leaves the items alone .
good source of omega fatty acids , sardine and anchovies do not carry pollution risk of salmon and more sustainable than krill . doesn't smell excessively fishy .
works great on my dog's nails . i used it on myself when i stepped on a nail , stopped my bleeding too .
dogs love them . small to large dogs , we cut them in half for the smaller dogs . great buy for the price .
my cat didn't really care for this he batted them around a bit but would leave it lay there . it's good if you want to play with it
this stuff is great . i use it for my english bulldog and it smells great and makes him feel great . i love it
overall , i am satisfied , but i do think its overpriced for the quality ! kind of flimsy & tears easily . but it is super soft !
i thought they would love this , but the two darlings picked at it and would rather have the dried stuff to eat !
i don't think she quite gets it . if the ball moves it startled her . well she's a sweetheart so well keep it .
i like this product . makes the 360 less noisey . keeps the floor dry and neater .
this product complies exactly what it promises , tests are carried out with precision.the api products are excellent . recommend the use of this product .
i have a 10 gallon tank and 2 gold fish and it keeps the water very clean .
these wipes are perfect for removing tear stains from our dog's face . they work better than many other products we have tried .
my dogs freak for this canned food ! you'd think i was offering them a big juicy steak ! they're happy so i'm happy !
great lead for my 12 pound mix breed . good comfortable grip . flexi is the very best retractable leads made .
my dog can move quickly , and i love that this leash helps my dog more noticeable as i walk down streets day or night .
good crate , has started to get a little flimsy . also is hell to clean if your dog gets poop in between the wire .
my older dogs love this . they are not to hard or soft . they love eating them . i would give them to them everyday
my dog wont touch it . the smell is overbearing . my dog is a very picky eater , so probably not a fair review ...
i love orka products and so does my dog . they are so durable and my dog has had hers for years and they still look brand new !
my cat has diabetes and i feel these are the best cat wet cat food for his needs and for the price !
it was good for my lab's chewing and tugging and lasted about six weeks before the ends came off and the rope came apart .
best dry food iv ever used and very fast shipping a must for all reefers fish love it and very clean
i have a 12 year old cat , and she needs senior food . this one has little bits with gravy , and she loves it .
this item is well made but my dog does not know how to play frisbee yet . he like to bite on it .
nothing replaces a good vet . it's good to keep in your car or take on hikes beach boat etc if you need something before you get to vet
my pet is extremely satisfied with this product and i have ordered again and will order in the future .
my cats love it . i actually have two of these , and it is great . only wish it were a tad bit cheaper .
not a fan . doesnt really do much . im a groomer and was hoping it would do what everyone was saying .
this mat does every thing it is designed to do at a very cheap price . great quality . we are very happy .
i thought these were soft chews ? ? ? but actually they are so hard my dog couldn't even eat them ... i ended up throwing them away .
made very well . good quality . i have a large dog and the 6 ft works for mewould definitely get another one
my kitten loves flavorful food . she loves fancy feast for gravy lovers . may go on auto-ship and purchase this product on a regular basis .
i'm not sure what else to say about these nail trimmers for dogs . they were cheap and they cut the dogs ' nails .
larger than what i expected , but that turned out to be a great thing ! excellent for rabbits in the common area , too large for cages .
this is small , but is a nice size for them to play with . keeps them interested and full of fun .
she loves catching rays in the sun & i love that she is safe and isn't getting dirty rolling around on the deck .
this thing broke a month after i had it and i didnt even get my money back . dont waste your $ $ $ on this
my dog has allergies and using this keeps them moist and stops itching for him , keeping his eyes clean and bright .
expected it to work from another person's experience . didn't work for me . gave it several days but to no avail .
i use these not only for dog walks but also for picking p the yard . the are durable and work well and i will continue to by them
may be too big for small dogs ! but certainly a ball that can be used to train the dogs to push it . games for fetching !
great test kit , a staple for any aquarist . no complaints - always use liquid tests over strips , they're more accurate !
i don't know much about litter boxes but this did the trick for the stray cat =) nomore stray cat anymore so now it's just sitting in the garage
i love this stuff . it works great for both my cats and dogs and the price is easy to live with .
these bowls work great , i use them in all travel for my dog now . they hold up well and are pretty functional .
thank you for the fast shipment . my kitties love it . all three of them fight for it now . i love it .
works great , lightweight , and perfect size for a small dog . all of the mechanics seem to be working well , so would recommend .
silly for dogs . cats maybe . but they are as advertised can't blame sellers . just cat qualiy nit dog
the container looks very nice but the big lid just would not click and close , i had to return it .
great product . easy to clean . many different activities for my cat to do to receive his food . may be advanced for an average cat . would recommend
cats go crazy with these toys ! the sound of the toys make them go crazy ! ! ! great simple toy to keep them happy ! ! !
my moms cat loves this . its well made and great price . great exercise and holds up very well with rough play .
gsd loves it and it has held up well even when the lab runs with it and she runs him down and they do a tug a war !
it's soft . great quality . the dogs love to lay on it . i am thinking of buying a larger one for a different room .
my cats liked this , especially the feathers ! i toss them in the air and they catch them , hid them under things , etc .
this is adorable and well made and true to size . i would purchase this product again .
it works and cleans my dog well but i don't see any shedding difference . i will not be buying it again .
much smaller than i expected.it did arrive sooner than i expected.will give to a friend for her pup
and i think it's delicious as well . i mean , read the ingredients - it has better stuff than those in foods i normally eat . ;)
my cats especially love the size and fluffy tail on this toy . the catnip stays inside and gives them lots of fun .
my ferrets do love it , but it is annoying loud when they crawl through it . amy likes to bite it for some reason .
the collars fibers start to unravel easy after a little use . and the fake gems dont look that stylish . the bell is nice though .
this makes my puppy so soft . it makes him smell good too . i enjoy cuddling with him even more , how is that even possible .
i like using these treats for my dogs . soft and easy to break up to tiny pieces for training purposes . and the dogs just love these treats .
i think each cat chooses what they like . my cat likes another toy but we still interact with her with this one .
zoink ! fun ' n run pet laser is heavy duty , well made . cats love it . can't ask for more than that !
dogs love it and do not scratch anymore . it does not stink like a lot of the designer foods . highly recommend .
it's perfect on ur dog . she looks really cute in it ! ! ! now ppl will be able to tell she is a female for sure hehe
this is a great camo collar for my dogs they love and we love it , looks great on them and made well .
this is a good deal and the order was shipped to me quickly . this cleaner is vet recommended and really works .
my dogs loved this ... loved it much they ate it one day while i wasn't home :( otherwise , it's really cozy , soft and easy to clean .
my girl loves these things ! she is forever rolling around the floor playing with them . i would reccommend these to other cat owners .
returned not because product did not work , returned because i bought a training collar to use for multiple training processes .
my kitty likes this brand-flavor of cat food ! weve been buying this product for many years . i trust it ! thank you !
both my golden and mixed breed puppies love the food . the kibble is small , perfect size for my 25 lb puppy .
my older cat has two bad hips . this has been a godsend ! the price i was fantastic . better than any pet store .
my dog didn't like this at all . it moves , so , he was really leery about getting on it . i'm trying to give it away .
great construction - easy to put together . only complint is the the carpet part is very thin and won't last long - rope part is great ! .
our dogs love these and all four of them gobble them up . highly recommend .
i've been using this pond food for several years and all my fish seem to enjoy these pellets . this is the only food i give them .
furminator is a pet owners best friend . the deshedding waterless spray helps me keep my beagles fur at bay between baths and leaves a nice scent behind
absolute waste of money . it lasted through one use and now is sooooo smooth that it buffs more than files .
great dog food ! check the ingredients . talk to your vet . well worth the expense !
got it used for like $ 3 . works great , doesn't scratch the glass , cleans up the tank walls very well . cheers .
i wrote a comprehensive review a couple years ago exalting the effectiveness of this product and continue to thank the feline gods for its existence !
quality product , keeps water nice and crystal clear . would buy again and recommend for crystal clear water in your aquarium .
my puppy has been wearing this collar for a little over a month , and i am perfectly happy with it . the clip works well and seems sturdy .
nice quality and reasonably priced . check you local pet stores and you'll see this price is far less . i recommend .
cut hairgrass , and hc's with this . great way to cut down on your trimming time . highly recommend this product !
our cats seem to get bored eating the same thing every day so we like to buy different variety packs to keep them interested
they cut nicely and the rounded ends keep my dog safe from pokes and stabs ! no complaints here . happily recommended .
i would recommend this to anyone who has a cat that has tape worm problems . i would purchase again when needed .
my weimaraner goes through rawhides like a kid through candy . this one , because of it's shape , lasts almost an hour .
this dress was to large for my dog that normally wears a small , also it was different from what is pictured . wasn't worth sending back .
the product came in excellent condition and is very stable . i would recommend this product if you are looking for something like it .
the price on this bed is great , i have washed and washed this product and it looks just like new .
my dog likes this product . it might have supplements that my dog is lacking . i will purchase this again at another time .
this is my cats favorite toy . it is so simple yet so effective ! they cant get enough of it ! meow !
same product as i've been getting from the vet but at a fraction of the cost . i'd recommend this to anyone . packaged and delivered as promised .
this is a great , fun toy for doggies , especially ones that love to chew . i think i have now ordered everyone of these .
this is just what i needed to keep a fresh flow of water for my 3 cats . i would recommend it .
this is not jerky and should not be advertised as jerky . my dog will not eat it . if you want jerky do not purchase this brand .
very , very study product . my dogs are still trying to get the hang of it but i am sure they will . i would definitely recommend it .
cats avoid me when i come at them with the blue finger , but i know it's good for them so i've become rather sneaky in my delivery .
again , awesome treats . my dogs love zuke's treats and i haven't had them turn up their nose to one of them yet .
my 22lb poodle who is an aggressive chewer immediately chewed off chunks of this toy . i would not recommend this for even a mildly aggressive chewer .
excellent cleaner . does a great job of cleaning up cat messes and odors from carpets . would be this product again and again .
i bought these cause my cats breath wasnt smelling too good . my cats love the treats and it helps their breath . i like this brand .
love this , small , works , handy and just perfect for a tiny yorkie . highly recommend to anyone with a similar pup
i kind of hope for more . it seems to pull her hair quite a bit .
my son and i have two pet quail and our little male one loves his strawberry nanner rings ! he just chirps up a storm eating the yogurt off .
our cats love it and gives them a workout and us too . great toy
seems this brush isn't as disliked as some of my other slickers . i wouls like the bristles a little closer though .
put new angels in my salt tank and got this to soak food for new fish i was getting . they eat like pigs already .
my dog loves it . she is big and loves to bite and chew on this toy . this is the only one that she didn't tear up yet .
my cat loves this toy . she works hard at trying to get the treats.it is fun to watch her play .
this works well on smaller dogs . have used on dogs 5 to 15 pounds . no reactions . good buy . received order in timely manner .
my dogs play with this now and again . they've managed to chew off some of the ends but it is pretty durable over all .
my cats love these and actually think they are treats . i like the fact that they are helping with their immune system too .
received item as promised , packed well and prompt . not sure if item is working on my dogs hot spots yet .
this makes cutting out patterns in bulk so easy . no more 1 at a time with cutting out simple patterns .
great toy . sadly my cat doesn't care for it , so it will be sold at the next yard sale or donated to the shelter .
our dog tore this apart to get to the treat , in less than 15 minutes ... this was not a good investment .
no way will i ever use this on my pug again ! it really frightened him . not for just an instant , but for several days after .
our yorkiepoo puppy , at 1.7 pounds and 14 weeks old loves this toy . she really works out with fox . well constructed toy .
my little furry friends love climbing this bridge . along with the other toys they have , it keeps them busy . lol
the metal ring is thick and hardy.the buckle has a lock to prevent accidental release.high quality and adjustable.works well for my two dogs ...
excellent product . does what they say it does . battery life is excellent . no problems at all . seller of this product was also excellent .
these tests really helped me understand the world my fish were living in and also was great to test my own water quality .
when you dont have time to fully wash this is a nice quick way to spray and brush . so much hair come off of my pugs every time
this has become a favorite cat litter . i find it tracks less than most and it does what it's intended to do .
it's wayyyy too big ! can't even fit into my x - large dog kennel . it's a huge " blow " and not deep enough
great product to keep the kitchen cleaner , easy to wipe under . looks sturdy and classy ! great for medium or small dogs .
these toys are cute and durable for tuff chewers . i only gave it 4 stars because it just hasn't been a big hit with my dogs .
this works like a charm , and requires very little maintenance for my winter , inside 45 gallon tank . and ithank you
this is my puppies favorite chew toy by far , he loves the nubs on the toy and will sit and chew for hours .
my cat is a big maine coon cat . so is a little tight for her . will work great for regular size cats .
i foster kittens / cats . they all love these . came in different sizes so the little kittens and the big cats have a size perfect for them .
my pump wore out for my cat's water filter . this pump replacement fit perfectly , so now my kitties have fresh water again :)
i have 3 dogs and none of them like this treat in or out of the kong toy and my dogs will eat anything .
our 2 fussy kitties hate any seafood but love beef with gravy , so we gave this a try & they licked the dish clean !
great distractors to keep busy beaks away from feather picking . large pieces are easily broken into smaller pieces if necessary .
this toy is heavy and i don't see my two little dogs playing with it . but it turns up in different places .
just what i was looking for , and these bags are large enough that they work for even my two larger dogs .
both of my dogs love these and they seem to be much cheaper here online than in the store . great christmas gift too
my cat love it ! they all want to scratch on it . until one of my cats peed on it , then i have to buy the replacement .
i love love love that these are biodegradable ... we just keep this box right near the front door so its easily accessible .
great idea ! it worked the 1st time my dog stepped on it . she did not need a 2nd time . wonderful product .
this is an essential product in caring for tropical fish . get it now . i feel all seachem products are top notch .
my cats love this cat food . they eat in instead of wasting it . i like what my cats will eat .
i love kibbles and bits but the bag came ripped , the dog food was all over the box i wont order this thru amazon again
these capsules are the perfect size to give my bloodhound . he has dry skin and 2 capsules a day help alleviate the dryness .
my chinchilla cant seem to leave the door alone , so everytime i check on them , the door is opened to the hay holder
love exo terra light they work great and my lizard always have a great color .
our husky / shepard loves these ! fairly healthy , small pieces , so it's not a big deal if we give her a handful while practicing commands .
these are awesome , my puppy use to tear up his paper puppy pads , these are so much better for my needs .
she chewed right through it and chewed me . maybe someone will designa better one maybe ones used for cats
this was a good purchase to help with flea infestation . overnight we had caught over 90 fleas ! worth 12 bucks !
the light works great ! just need to know how to get the stains totally out , sigh . i need to add four more - done .
good product at a reasonable price . this item is required when flying a puppy , but i find it useful for using on crates at night too .
this seems to work just fine for our 13 year old cat . she is eating better and getting around just fine .
this is great because the dogs are always getting fresh water and i am not worried if they have water or not ! great purchase !
good quality mat . withstands vacuuming pretty well . doesn't catch all litter though . usually there is litter outside the mat area .
what else can i say - this snapped not once but twice withing the first week of using it . not happy at all with this purchase
my dogs do like them , but not as well as other brands . these had a strong smell and stained their paws .
the kitten pack is great - two sizes for them to grow into . they stay on well & keep our stuff from getting torn up .
our labs loved these treats for their christmas presents . i was surprised these bones were extra meaty and i would definitely consider purchasing again .
great product , keeps the food up off the cage floor and easy for the rabbit to get to ... and easy to fill .
great way to keep you dog healthy . our dog thinks they are really tasty and wants more than 1 at a time .
works well when the kitties let me use it . if they are already relaxed ; i can rub them with it all day long .
not as stimulating as an active toy , but our cat uses this during the night to keep herself occupied.gary
i give my dogs ground flax & chia already but seemed that they needed more . this has helped them with itching & scratching that they do .
bought for my 8 week old chihuahua she ate it only for a short time before refusing it . and it's is not grain free
though my little dogs loved it , my big dog however was not so thrilled ... they do not smell and they feel like regular beef jerky
i use these pans for rearing new born rats and mice , they are very easy to use and fit in the racks perfectly
both my dogs , one is a pound puppy and other is a britney love them . just give each one of them in the morning .
this item isn't as deep as it looks . it can only hold maybe 2 ounces of water . i don't recommend it .
this is a good scratching post and my cat loves to bat the toy so much so i have to buy her more toys like the one attached
works really well and does last for a full 30 days . easy to apply . dogs don't mind , at all . will continue to use this product .
my cat hates this , it smells like fish and i don't even understand why i bought it . waste of money .
this is the only turtle food i can get my babies to eat without any problem . they love this food .
my cats loved this and want more would like it all the time and every day they love tuna and egg makes it better
this is great , the only assembly is putting the wheels on & it is ready . no plastic smell fits nicely in my kitchen .
durable , easy to fold up . same product they sell at chain pet stores for half the price . can't beat it .
this pump works very well and is very quiet . nice low price also . i ended up buying several of these for my 7 tanks in the house ...
this allows you to see the claw much better before cutting . the grip is easier on my arthritic hands too .
my holland lop seems to really like this hay , and it smells good too ! it has a lavender and chamomile scent .
the beds are great ! ! my doxies really enjoy their beds . i like the vents in the bottom of the bed .
love it but the squeakers don't last more than five minutes - and this is from a maltese ! need better squeakers
i don't know if my dog likes it or not , i will start to use it in a month , when she is 1 year old .
great concept . price is outrageous . shipping is outrageous . when cats poop on these pellets the smell is horrible ! pellets should include more in each bag .
the idea is pretty cool , the squeeker was pretty good but within minutes my 8 month old puppy ate the edges off in chunks . not recommended .
i use this to keep an eye on my turtle tanks temperauture especially when it somes to keeping the right temperature in the water .
best purchase i made for my cat needs - - assembly was easy and it looks great . can barely notice it is a cat restroom .
bought this for my sister's dog , and it has not worked . even used consistently , his tear stains are still there .
i did . not like caring her in front it was to much . of pressed on my front . and she did like it
these pre-filters are really necessary if you are stocking a tank that may have shrimp or fry in it . you can't go wrong really .
if it is a fresh stain , it works , but if it is old it does not seem to be very effective .
a favorite toy with the multiple squeakers . not suitable for a dow that loves to chew .
returned the blades . was not what i wanted or needed . i needed a blade that left hair longer . returned for refund .
gives you control over dogs who are easily distracted by other dogs , obnoxious neighbors and even fireworks . great value and fits just right . would buy again .
delivered on time , great price , good packaging . we are undergoing some construction and our vet recommended this to help keep a calm environment for the cats .
indestructible ! my dog is an intense heavy chewer and this toy has remained in tact for months and still squeaks ! i highly recommend it !
my dogs love this and chew it for weeks before i have to throw out and get a new one
i have a cat with tummy issues and without this stuff , she would have an upset tummy all the time . good product !
this is a great sturdy scoop for our dog food . the quality is so great i can't imagine ever having to buy another !
looks cute , i bought this for my nieces ferret for christmas , he seems to always play and sleep in it .
we were surprised and pleased with the effectiveness of this product . there is no after smell or marks on the floors once it has dried .
didn't help . i have used it several times and my dog still has fleas .
this is a great treat dispenser for on the go or for any training exercises to treat your dog with .
these pads are good for my 2 little chihuahua puppies and cannot beat the price . thanks i wiil order again
good buy . these filters fit my water fountain great and getting them in a large package saves me money . product
our kittens love these mice ! they are hard to tear apart and they play with them a lot . we will purchase more of them as needed .
overall ok and does hold up a 5 pounds yorkie fine feels snug and secure would recommend this harness to othera
they're not bad for him , and my cat likes them . that's all i really need in a cat treat . 5 stars .
my kittys love this strurdy little house . it's small but 5 kitten and a mom huddle together inside to keep warm during the winter .
it really reduces the smell-a lot ! easy to install , doesn't last as long as i wished , but i still use it anyway .
not quite right for an older cat , but the cat seems to love the accompanying sauce . the minced formulas are better .
it is very good . however , i have replaced it with glass bowls which i prefer . for shipping it would not be suitable .
i am giving this bottle a good review simply because it does not leak . my rabbits are a little picky about their bottle but they like this one .
excellent quality , works great with german shepherds . 13 more words required ? seriously ? for a pet brush ? it's yellow . two more .
i can't keep the dogs away from these . they will last a long time because there are so many and they are smaller strips - thanks :)
does a great job . no lingering smell or stain . very glad i purchased this . must have if you are potty training a pet .
this now our second one ... can't stand up to our cats ... item seems to fall apart to quickly.but for the price it is reasonable to expect .
i bought two of these for our two dogs . they don't like them and have not even chewed on them at all since i got them for christmas .
my cat likes it at the beginning only , but i thinh this is a good and healthy food for the cats
the dog eats them strait without having to hide it in food so that's always a plus . seems to work fine and the dog hasn't complained so ...
no noticeable change in behavior , but my neurotic boy seems to enjoy these . a little too expensive for everyday treats , though .
these are the same bags they sell in pet stores - for a fraction of the price . they are perfect and what a bargain !
this is great , both of my cats like it , and they are picky . this is highly recommended by vets . try it .
nice little addition to the cage . can't say whether or not they play with it much but it's nice and colorful . lol .
our dog doesn't like this harness but it worked until i could order a better fitting one . she constantly tried to take it off .
my dog loved it and ate every morsel ! on his demand we did not offer any to his buddiies . thank you .
my 2 cats love this kong treat salmon stuffer stuff - it is easy to use and is cat approved !
my cats didnt like the taste , yours may.you would have to try it to know . i crush up pills from pharmacy and mix it in food .
they loved it , but it made them more selective / picky with what they eat . overall though i think it's a great value .
this is a toy my dogs loved . the braided setup makes the toy last longer and worth the few bucks that the items costs .
i like the size of the pads and will buy them again.they are not as thick as some pads but i will purchase more in the future
fluval makes some awesome products and this is no different ... i am using it in my canister filters and so far , have not yet had any problems ...
sorry , not a real clicker , just a fancy toy , more work than they are worth .
nice and toasty with a blanket thrown over for great cuddling . just follow the directions and let your little one enjoy .
i must say last year this stuff worked for me , but this year has been bad & this stuff did not help , very dissapointed
fancy feast is great ! cats love this food . i love that it comes to the door when i need it.it ' s a win , win !
all 3 of our cats love the poultry but clamp their mouths firmly shut with any of the other flavors . i use with the cet toothbrush for cats .
my persian kitty loves the comb , as soon as she sees the comb she gets ready to be comb.what else can i say !
i love the 2 door option but had to reinforce the corners , it was a bit wobbly when my 80lb dog was in it .
well i don't love it---our cat does ! only flavor she will eat .. typical picky cat ! !
great product . i haven't had a leakage or a bag break when carrying . still having trouble training dog to steady over it though .
first one died . rather than replace pump , purchased new unit . only suggestion is the electrical cord could be about 6 inches longer .
large , large quantity , great quality , even includes a holder for the leash and the sheets tears off by themselves without you having to try to yourself
these trimmers work much better than any i have used in the past . the handle grips are nice and love how easy it was to clip duncan's nails .
something about ' real fur ' toys totally gets them crazy , these were constructed better than most petco toys and have lasted quite awhile .
i work at an animal shelter and have cats of my own . so simple , but every cat i've ever met loves to play with these .
but it passed the doggie taste test . no much in the bag though . they crunch through these fast with enthusiasm .
its pretty in color and very durable . right size and height . like the see thru windows and opening on both ends . easy to clean .
this cat scratch-er is good to get older cats to start using it & leave furniture alone . cat nip draws them right to it .
this is a great disc for teaching your dog frisbee . it floats really well , and is really soft , so it wont hurt your dog .
my cavanese love the kong toys . the toys aren't indestructible , but they survive longer than any other toy that the dogs have had . ,
would highly recommend . bought for a lightweight option for when i walk her not for extreme cold . fits her well .
very sturdy and light . you can remove the fabric on the steps so you can wash it which is very good .
i wormed my dog and the wormed did not come back . i will use this in the future if needed :)
this works very well for my 8 year old dog , tara . she eagerly eats these pills and it really helps her to get around .
my little 4 legged boy looks real tough and rough in his vest . this is too cute and very much worth the money
sturdy and the dog loves the crackle noise . whatever pleases him pleases us . he's a medium sized dog about the size of a boxer .
i love the filters they actually last a little while and our cats love them .
another great product from seachem does what it says keeps all levels inline great canister filters . can't beat the price either
makes my dog coat so soft and shinny and good for his joints . i'm only giving him a capful per day .
i put it on my dog and in less than a week she was itching fleas again ! ! ! dosent work dosent work don't waste your money
my kitties love the laser even the older one who is overweight . i would reccomend this to all cat lovers .
what can i say but my dog loves this bone . she is one happy puppy . it keeps her from chewing up other things .
my dogs love it ! i just hope the price is a little bit lower . otherwise i am happy with this product .
my large dog was under control and i just thought why had it taken me so long to purchase a harness for me .
i bought this to add onto a fish tank hamster cage . it gives an extra level for my hamster to explore and she loves all that climbing .
my aquarium fish love these blood worms . i alternate the kinds of food i give them but they can't get to the top fast enough on bloodworm days .
one of the few water ammendments i use and like . does help with stress .
highly recommended for anyone who has ever had a dog chew through their leash . peace of mind is priceless ! go out and buy this leash today !
my cat liked this toy right away as it is more interactive than his regular toys . i think he loves it .
this a good product . my dogs enjoy then for a snack or reward . i have purchased different flavors and my dogs so far like them all .
works exactly as described . removes all traces of nitrite . great when used with special blend . will buy again as it works ! ! !
like the product , just to expensive for multiple dogs . switched to dog bones with nutrients & vitamins . bought in bulk to help with cost .
my cats like the bolt , but they prefer a hand-held laser that you move around for them . it moves around a little too quickly .
i purchased this for my nursing mothers and foster kittens . it is very large and just a perfect little den . very soft and plush .
our 10 year old dog likes these treats . they were not what i expected , but i am glad i bought them .
yes , my dog loves these , they have good ingredients for his bones and joints . but what else is there to add ?
good quality and the size is just right for a meal . good for stuffing treats too . my lab had fun with it .
these nail trimmers are very easy to use and works well even on my large dog's nails . blades are nice and sharp and the construction seems very sturdy .
i have a house full of kitty cats and smartykat organic nip is their favorite ! ! every cat owner should have it on hand .
my dogs love it and haven't torn it to shreds like other toys . great for stuffing treats .
how can any kitty not like anything that fancy feast makes-they love the fish and almost anything that fancy feast makes
it's hard to find things my cat likes & this is a real winner . she uses it all the time !
using this as a refugiums off my nano 10 gallon marine tank . works really well for me . going to buy a few more soon .
small size makes it easy to carry around for small dogs ... a little tough but okay for the very small dogs
great toy for rats and any small animal . fits a lot of treats for them to have to find . good buy
my female had puppies last night , as soon as she allows me i will use these pads , can't wait . thankyou
item looks well made , and might be attractive to your dog ... but save your money and buy a kong instead ! :(
i love feline pine . one of my cats absolutely refuses to use it , though . i've tried everything , but i have to switch now .
the inner cover is fine - the other cover came apart at the seams almost immediately . but it is still much safer than straight water bottles .
these worked ' ok ' on my high energy dog . the composure chews i bought worked better .
best aquarium light i ever had ! makes my tank stand out and look clear ! high intensity light really brings out your fish colors .
great seat cover but too small for my ' 08 silverado back seat . lame ! but i returned it to kurgo and they returned my money .
these are bite size , even can be broken in half for smaller dogs . the dogs love them and they won't be wasted !
sorry that this didn't work for our crazy pooch . i know they do work tho , as several friends have had great success .
you put it in the aquarium . it then shows you the temp . i don't know what else i could possible say .
amazingly effective product . got a ton of hair off my cat . definite impact on shedding . i would very much recommend this .
i have prices smaller bags and this is the best price for the amount you get . my little ones love it .
he looks a little liberace in this . i have to admit . it is definitely for a little girl and not a boy . haha
my dog loves it ! she still is playing w / it weeks later , and the squeeker still works ! that is great news for my puppy ...
this pad literally " calls " my dogs to use it . i love it , and they do too . great product , will buy again .
decent toy . our cat prefers catnip to mint , so this is not such a great toy for him . probably will not buy again .
bought this to strengthen my puppy's joint . i am not sure if this really helps joint . but i use it as a good treat for my buddy .
wrong size purchased . my dog hardly chews on it . he prefers the rawhide which is what i was tryingto curb
works great when it works , you just have to be sure to replace the cartridges regularly !
have tried other brands but the bunnies seem to enjoy this the most . will definitely purchase this hay again to keep happy buns .
cats are funny like that . you never know if they're going to like things or not . i'm sure another cat may love it ~
shampoo works great . makes puppy white and clean and smells good . not sure what else to say . good stuff . buy it .
i have been looking for these for a long time . i can put them to use right away . good deal
i have these on my subscribe to get these every month . they work great and my baby loves them so much .
i like the idea , but my cat only chewed on it for the first couple of hours . now it just sits in her toybox ...
water in my marine aquarium is clean and clear . wish it moved more water , but it definitely cleans well , and again , super quiet ! !
yorkies have to have a common dental problem , bad breath , bad teeth , etc . and my yorkie thinks this is the greatest treat ever !
they took to it right away . i think the design is sort of awkward but the cats like it , so , i guess that's all that matters .
they are okay but my cat is not crazy about the size of the shreds . very juicy though so it's good for their kidneys .
my dog loves the flavor of this product ... but not the idea of me brushing his teeth ...
this item fit well and did the job the issue i have is that one of the clips was missing and i had to rig it up .
the mouse sounds really get them going . they carry it around like prey . well made and worth the money for an active young cat .
i thought i would get sick of the quacking , but my 7lb chichuachua mix tore it apart in just a few hours .
we needed a training lead for our seven month old puppy and this lead fits the bill . seller was quick to send the product .
my boys just love these mice ! mine have held-up well since christmas . i wouldn't hesitate to purchase more of them !
really saves my sanity because i can now safely put all pets out onto floor and there are no battles .
excellent strong carrier for cats weighing over 20 pounds ... they feel secure in sturdy carrier ! even most nervous and fat cat rides great in this carrier !
fish likes it . will continue to order if he continues to eat it this is only used as a treat .
these are all natural , tasty , and great for small dogs . our dog wags his tail as soon as he sees the package .
i have purchased these from amazon before and amazon is great ! these are much cheaper from amazon than from the vet !
my lab loves this and cooperates better for brushings . the price here is much better than in the stores in my area .
very disappointed in this plush toy . didn't even last an hour before the ear was torn off and the belly ripped open with squeaker removed .
way better then a wire cage and can be taken anywhere with the the bag it comes with . also folds up very nicely .
i like this harness because it's comfortable on the dog and easy to put on . they are also easy to wash .
my dog goes through 2 a day so we're always looking for deals and discount . this is a really good value .
the bubble is not as fine as advertised , but it works fine for my 90 gal tank .
dogs seem to like these . they smell like cheez-its . great for when you want to give this just a little treat or use as training treats .
my dog loved this from the first moment . it held up pretty well concidering how he loves to chew his toys . great for playing fetch as well .
my dog didn't like this product at all . i have bought other products from this company but unfortuanetly this one he didn't care for .
what can i say about this cat food except that my four cats like it and i don't mind opening / serving it .
i tried before lots of ways to put the cuttlebone for my parrots this is the best way so far .
fit my litter genie well , and got a good price for so many refills . cheaper than buying at the pet store .
i can change the water for my fish without worrying about the condition of the water too much . works great and my goldfish are really old !
good toy for a large dog . great for playing with a large dog without getting too close to his mouth .
it smells good . the ingredient list is impressive , as is the nutritional analysis .
my himalayan kitty loves the brush , she runs to me , as soon as she sees the brush ! she loves it !
i bought this bed to fit in my puppy's cage . it was nice and soft however it must've been yummy because she ate it .
used this bulb to swap out my old conventional bulbs in my frie tank and seems to be brighter and so far are lasting longer
my dogs love these balls and play with them often . the kids love throwing them for the dogs so everyone has a good time !
the cats love it and it has the variety for picky eaters . nice price in a package like this and easy to stock up on .
kong toy very hardy . puppy has been chewing it and did not break into pieces . highly recommended for any small dogs !
this stake is well made and is a good buy . the price was reasonable and it works very well . i am very happy with my purchase .
i administer this to my dog and cat . it smells minty - almost like mouthwash for humans . works well and the pricing is great !
this is a great product that our dogs love . ever since we turned our dogs onto wellness their coats are shiner and they seem very happy with it .
the black pieces on this were very brittle and did not hold up to any kind of chewing from our english bulldogs at all .
fits nicely and he looks so cute and adorable in it and really likes it when it turns cold . washes well too .
the 24 inch height is perfect for small dogs , & easy to step over . black finish is easy to clean & looks good .
our kitten doesn't use this at all ! although i bought the purple one and it looks cute when she holds it against her black fur :/
this is a very durable toy that is still intact after a month of my 2 pitbulls rough-housing with it ... rare . the price is great !
my tuxedo cat just rocks this collar ! the safety catch works as it should and it seems like it will last a long time .
high protein and grain-free . and my cats like it . i prefer the small cans because the cats like freshly opened cans .
i bought this for my dog , since she loves to steal things from us to chew on , and she loves it .
this was great because my dog didn't pull , but she got cuts under her arm pits from the harness rubbing her skin .
i haven't given out too many of these but they are perfectly written and very informative . i am glad to have them when i need them .
my little girl loves this toy , she holds it in her tiny arms - paws and bites and , plays all day , one of her favorites ..
they totally gobbled it all up ... quickly :d i am definitely purchasing this again today if it's still available !
haven't tried it yet , but it is super cute ! ! . i wish there is smaller size available for my girl as well .
dogs love these things . they sit around the cupboard begging for more . these are a great training tool for a food motivated dog .
my dog loves these bones and they are made here in the usa . no complaints . i would recommend these to a friend or family member .
when my kitty get picky and won't eat , this is the only canned cat food that will get her to eat again . she loves it !
great works perfect for my 2 turtles in my 406 filter . normal and works well . a + + very happy and would recommend to a friend .
works wonderfully and will purchase again ! ! put in rooms needing help and it has done the job ! hubby very impressed !
i probably could have made these at home . wasted money but they smell good an my doggies all loved them !
this serves its purpose quite well and is an exceptional value ; do not hesitate for a moment to purchase for your pet !
it was fine , i think fish oil works just as well and is easier to administer . feel indifferent about it .
these filters fit perfectly and get the job done . buying them in bulk with amazon prime makes them more economical .
this is a sturdy toy with a nice bounce . my dog turns his nose up at it , though . not sure why ; maybe the smell .
no different than found in a vet's office . a good buy and came in adequate time .
great product if only it would not take my soft coated wheaten terrer five minutes to eat the nylabone and destroy the whole thing
my two dogs love this toy and it is still standing after about a week . that is huge for my chewing machines ! this was a great purchase !
earth friendly was my reason for purchasing this and the earth friendly poo bags . they both work fine and will buy again .
this holds a fairly large bag of dog food - enough for two pugs for one month . it fits into a narrow cabinet . very convenient .
i had heard wonderful , amazing comments about this product . doesnt seem any different then any of the others i have tried . just seemed very so-so .
the price was the best i have seen , i am happy with both the price and product , fits perfectly in my gecko tank .
my dog like this treat . it was crunchy and that is the kind of treat that he really likes . i will order this product again .
this is the best product i've ever purchased for my kitty . she loves it ! plus it looks great in our living room . couldn't ask for more
the price on this was great and my 100lb puppy loves it . she has chewed and chewed and chewed on it .
my dogs love these treats . they get them to brush their teeth before bed . i would definitely recommend them . :)
this is the second one of these i have bought . they hold just the right amount , about a 10lb bag , are airtight and they stack .
these jerky treats are healthier than any jerky made for people . our dog loves these beef jerky treats and i will get her some more .
nice box but cat doesn't seem to care much for it . she is a kitty now so maybe she will like it better when she gets bigger .
very efficient at picking up my dog's poop , especially in grass.not very good at picking up on concrete , or for smaller dogs .
sloppy tolerances don't allow my unit to take 2 batteries . works fine with one d-cell as the batteries are in parallel in the holder .
price much better than vet office . it seemed to help my old dog and i was glad to find it at a cheaper price .
i bought to hopefully make a difference with our burnt grass from my dogs urine . i can't really tell a difference at this point .
my dobe girl is a passionate toy chewer . she had this toy in numerous pieces within 10 minutes so out it went .
the only item my 8lb cavachon puppy hasn't destroyed yet and she's an aggressive chewer . i would definitely recommend it .
these are great treats for training , for my guys anyway . they absolutely love them . definitely not the healthiest , but perfectly fine as an occasional treat .
this is a great product that includes the shrimp pieces . i have used for about 6 months and will continue to buy .
he sucks on it , sleeps with it and plays tug of war with it . it is quite sturdy , and large size .
i bought a larger size and the hood part was super small , that is my only complaint . but it serves it's purpose and is super cute
i am so glad we bought these nail clippers . i hated cutting my dogs nails but now it is a breeze .
if this had more and long strings it would be great . i was hoping it would be more like the wubba with long strings
she is a not a huge fan of the shrimp but loves the chicken version . i plan to just order chicken moving forward .
great size .. very roomy for my 10lb chihuahua .. they were able to move about in cage with ease .. will by another one
my parakeets hated this toy and wouldn't go near it . the perches were too short and close together . this was a huge waste of money for me
we have 3 chihuahua mix dogs and they each love these ! they never choke on them and they get super excited when i give them to them .
our miniature dachshund had back surgery several weeks ago . the different sizes of harnesses work great when taking her out to potty and has helped her recover great !
my cat only uses it when i put treats in it . not the solution to his constant corner rubbing i was hoping for .
my 13 year old dogs can now walk and play . they were having trouble walking up to my 2nd floor apartment and now it is easy for them .
the best cat toy . we tried mylar balls , fuzzy mice , various feather toys , but nothing beats the squeaky mouse for cat entertainment .
my dog loves these . the are a great bite-size , but also easy to break up into smaller treats for training sessions .
i've just started with the clicker trainingand it is going well . would recommend thisproduct to anyone with pets that don't wantto listen .
i bought these as they are better than big box store house and national brands . buddy biscuits are treats that could be better than some dog food !
not much to write about as it is a sponge :) it does its job for mechanical filtration in my sump . other than that it is a sponge :)
we love this dog snack caddie and it is so well thought . perfect and helpful for training , easy to carry and looks great .
works well , but it is a little tough pushing it on carpet . it does pick up the hair that gets embedded in the carpet .
they don't leak , they contain odor , and they fit in almost any bag dispenser unit on the market . a +
this is a little longer then the one i had and allows the dog in the backseat to turn around and lay down much easier .
cute little heart shaped treats ! they are scored in the middle making them easy to break into half and share . i order these all the time !
i have a very shy , timid cat and this definitely calmed her down fairly quickly . i just wish it wasn't so expensive .
meow meow meow ( means we really like this , and the human will have to remember to replace them more often )
does an excellent job with keeping ammonia levels down . a must for any fish tank ! would buy this product again .
this is your standard dog leash , it is relatively durable and for the price i think it is a great deal
my dog is particular about his toys , , , but he loves the chuckit ! ! ! so from riley , the irish terrier : 5 paws up !
this is a great product and my siamese doesn't mind the refreshing smell it adds to the litter . very pleased and will continue tp purchase .
she just loves carrying these around . also , the way they bounce is unpredictable , which makes it more fun for her .
i've had this box for months now . we only use the pads at night so they last us a long time . and what a bargain price !
i need to get a refill - have four dogs and they all should have it . highly recommend the supplement , especially in liquid form .
a little tough to maneuver due to its size but nice and sturdy . a little heavy but i guess that is the price of sturdiness .
my puppy figured this out the first time i used it on him . is still in great condition and we play with it daily .
my cats would eat this eventually but it took them much longer to finish than the wellness that i normally buy .
this flea collar works well where others don't work at all or fleas keep on returning and have no control .
got this for my gs .. works as described and designed . the price may be high but it is worth the investment .
my 2 dogs fight over this toy . they chew and toss it all over . after 2 months , still like new
when you have a cat with a monster bladder you need something that doesn't leak . these don't leak ! the price is good also .
it's always nice to have a little variety in life & since my cats love fancy feast , this gives them a break from the routine .
i like it . it's just her size . she barks when i put her in it but she'll get use to it .
i have been feeding my dog the taste of the wild now for two years . i love it , and the dog is very healthy . thanks !
my cat like it , so it is good ! i put it on her scratching board . she enjoys playing on it with the catnip on it .
it is attractive and sturdy and came put together . the vets office loved it too . i would recommend it to anyone wanting a sturdy carrier .
this hoodie is adorable . my dog has short hair and needs a little extra something in the winter . too cute
they really love this stuff . i don't give it to them every day though because i'm not crazy about the ingredients . it's good as an occasional treat .
it didn't last 15 minutes before my dog chewed it off . returned all the pieces for full refund . thanks amazon !
they love it . it's good quality and you can't beat the price . so funny to see even my dane carrying this .
the pups aren't crazy about the crinkle , but the toy does hold up pretty well to a good tug of war between the chow / lab and golden .
cat likes it , i like it . seems durable and easy to clean . no problems with food getting stuck or anything like that so far !
my pug loves these i order a couple a month just for her . she is a little spoiled but not much
if you have a round litter box you will most definitely want a round litter scoop . this is your winner ! it's nice that it's very sturdy too .
it simply did not work . myself and my husband spent hours and hours trying any which way , but with no success .
this toy is really cute . it was a very good price . i looked on line at other stores and got best deal on amazon .
dogs love these pill pockets . they think they're treats & i have no problem giving them their pills . they're just the right size .
this is by far one of the best treat pouches i have found because it opens and closes easily and works great for my training !
my dog really likes this toy , but it is too easy for him to tear parts off and it them .
not sure why , but my cat loves to lay on this thing . it's sturdy and a great scratching pad , too .
my dog loves these and would recommend anyone thinking about buying this for there dog . they are good for dog , so consider these for your dog .
my dog chewed through the first time i gave it to him .. the material is too soft for aggressive chewers
my cats bug me until i turn this on . they love chasing the laser , and it provides them exercise they need .
clownfish and chromis kept spitting out my nls 1mm pellets . bought this smaller size and problem solved ! they like it .
this seems to be helping along with cosequin . an occasional aspirin helps too . my dog eats it with our coaxing which is good .
i like buying cuttlebones in like 2 packs because its convenient and my bird . these seem to last while so i dont have to buy them as often .
will i like it for his ear i am trying so many for his ear this is okso i might buy another .
i have this crate already , but bought another for our newest pom pup for traveling .. this is a great pet crate .
pretty decent . large and has plenty of space . really good design . opens like an old medical bag . great color options too
bought this to coral food from automatic feeder to keep the food centralized and the fish knowing exactly where to come and get it
since all of the straps are adjustable ( even the belly one ) it's a bit bulky on the belly , but not bad for the price !
they were ok . i tried them to see if my cats would like them . i never see them anywhere . they prefer the chicken
great chew toy ! all 5 of my dogs love these chews . they taste great , make no mess , and are safe .
at first the kitten just ignored this ... but then he decided it is his favorite toy . i can distract him from anything with this !
my cats love halo liv-a-littles chicken flavor . they prefer them over the best foods offered to them . whenever they hear me with the container they come running !
my cat loves these packets ... and it's great to just order from amazon and stock up so i can skip the weekly store trip !
my cats liked this but there are times when they left it on the table but for the most part they ate these treats .
i think i like it more than my jack russells ! the quality is good , shipping was quick and the product is fine .
i use this on my 30 lb terrier mix , and it is a nice quality product and a good value . easy to adjust
i can tell a difference in my dogs health feeding the probiotics ! ! the dogs eat the powder on their food .
this product didn't clump like i wanted it to . the pee clumps would just fall apart when the scooper would touch them .
my dogs fight over the squeaky balls and just love this puzzle . you can really use the cube to hide a variety of other toys too .
good jogging free hand leash . i like the pockets , so i can totally get free hands when i take a dog for a walk and jog .
this is the best price i have found for this product and the shipper sent it quickly . it keeps my old cat ( 17 years old ) going
this helps remove pet urine odors with a pleasant scent . it may take a few applications , but it seems to do the job .
my dog loves being groomed with it and it takes out lots of hair , but not all of the hair - he is a lab though !
got this for a christmas gift for my nephews pet rabbit . they said he loved it and started chewing on it right away .
my dog is a fussy eater and of all the dry dog foods i have given her , she is most willing to eat this one .
this product is good helps keep cats away for a while . just have to remember to spray once a week .
my yorki loves this , he is in this in the daytime and looked very relaxed and comfortable , hopefully this washes well in the washer
this dry food is a good quality at a price lower than other brands with similar qualities . i recommend it .
my dogs love merrick and the price was good . delivered to home and i don't have to worry if it's in stock at petco
rather large for a kitten . she has to climb inside . but she doesn't complain . at least her bowls don't travel along the floor as she eats .
this product is the best for calming kitties at the cat show . i have tried it all , and this product really make kitty comfortable and calm .
this leash was very nice - 3/4 " thick and braided with a rugged connector that was easy to operate . also , excellent quality supple leather .
this collar looks really nice on my dog and the price was reasonable . i can see her well when i let her out at night .
i purchased this toy for my 3 month old yorkie poo . it was smaller than expected and didn't wash well . wouldn't recommend .
this stuff does its job and can be used to dechlorinate water and also as an emergency to detoxify nitrates , etc .
the salmon flavor treats help keep my cat from being bored with the same treats all the time . plus they are very nutritious .
i love it ! i love it ! my mini pinscher loves it.she sleeps in it at night and i crate her when i need to also in there .
good size and does not leak . they save us on a rainy day and when it is cold and windy .
every owner needs one , or two of these in their home . period . :-) removes the smell instantly . i highly recommend .
we'll be using this in the spring when we get back out to the fields to schutzhund traing the dogs .
i love my litter champ ! these refills allow for easy replacement and does a wonderful job of holding cat litter .
can't go wrong by choosing any fluval products , great quality at a good price . my go to place for all my aquarium needs !
these are a great buy . just like at the stores but more cartridges for a lot less money . love it ! !
this is a great product . it has been on the market for many many years . glad to find it at a reasonable price .
cute adorable , well made . lots of hours of fun . love watching my dog try to get his eggs out of him . highly recommended .
great cleaning product , have used it on cat urine , poop and vomit . after soaking for a few minutes you wouldn't even know it .
very resistant and durable but it is too heavy and my dog has lost interest very quick , i would recommend it for xl breeds and very powerful chewers .
my dog loves big bones and these are a hit . i'd recommend for anyone with a medium to large size dog .
it was great in the beginning but then when it got wet , it no longer worked . i was very disappointed .
these are great as they glow in the dark . comes in handy at night . i have the leashes also . i would recommend this collar .
they do not all fit in the original trunk but they do make fun toys by themselves as squeaky toys
we've used advantage for years . it does the trick , pretty well . we've tried other flea treatments , but always return to advantage
love the product keeps the dog food fresh and don't have to have a bag lying around looks nice
dog enjoys chasing toy around , especially if there is a treat inside . she has a hard time chewing the material .
we love this and cats do too . it is stainless steel and easy to clean . easy to drik out of . recommend highly !
dogs loved them , they were vegetarian , but had ingredients i knew , and no extra stuff . good size and not crumbly , but crunchy .
my dog is really prone to picking up ticks and this stuff really works to keep everything off of her .
another great product by eqyss ! can use as a hair conditioner also great for your cracked nails or dry hands .
i have 4 thirsty cats so it helpsi still seem to fill it frequently .. it took a bit for them to get used to the waterfall
it works . i mean its a top for my ten gallon tank . leaving reviews for stuff like this is dump .
this is great for keeping pet food fresh and it looks nice and neat back in the pantry . good choice with free shipping .
works good . simple to use . only complaint i have is this seller uses dhl . dhl is slow and more ... oh the horror stories of dhl ...
my dog loves her crate and goes there often on her own . i love that it folds down but is sturdy too . i would buy again ! !
frontline works great . it's a must better deal to buy this online than in the vets office . it is easy to apply and doesn't goop up .
i have no complaints ; nor does my cat , tho he grumbles when i don't clean the litter box often enough .
my cat loves to play with the ball . we placed it by one of our heat vents and she loves to sleep on it .
my cat loves this item . he is a ragdoll and weighs 22 lbs . and is about three feet tall . the height is perfect for him .
my 7lb and 9 lb dogs loved toys but the little squirrels are so cheaply made , in less than a week they were trashed !
different than the type i am used to dealing with . it seemed messy to clean and i ended up throwing it out .
cat loved this thing . i propped it on a chair and she was pretty hooked on it for a good 4 months .
my puppy is a great shedder this has help save my back seat . i would recommend it - - thought it covers the entire back seat .
product works and has not failed yet on 4 dogs . i've seen far too many frontline failures ... this is a far better product .
mu pup loves these . i love the easy small pieces they can be broken in to . they make training much better !
it was just what we were looking for , it has a nice gripping bottom and is just as advertised and shipped perfect .
i have one of these for each of my dogs . it's great that you can use with any harness and makes travel safer .
this product works great ... perfect for pet stains .. you can see pet stains disappear ... love it will be life long customer ..
i just received my order today 3/18 / 2013.the box does have 6 individual doses.this is what it says it is .
you can't go wrong with prozyme - - helps my dog who has allergies to everything digest her food and be less gassy .
my dogs love it . the really focus on getting the treat out . they don't like to play with it unless the treats are in it .
i love the product but not as much as my dog , she cant get enough . they really motivate her to sit , which is great .
works great ! and fits the 5.5 ounce friskies cans perfectly ! might need to get another set for " people food " , as others have suggested !
i have a 9 month old puppy . she destroyed this in minutes . would not recommend for heavy chewers . better options out there .
these seem to make a difference in behavior , but it also depends on the cat . the price on line is much better than at pet stores !
this is the perfect substrate for a tropical terrarium . i use it in my tokay gecko tank to help keep the humidity up , it works flawlessly .
there were no instructions , so , i couldn't figure out how to use this . i'm trying to give this away too . bummer !
great as usual , i only purchase dog treats made in the usa . i prefer this brand , i only purchase plato for my dog .
my 80lbs lab mix loved this bone ! perfect size for him to chew on . definitely would recommend this to others !
i bought this for mu daughters sphynx cat an she loves it we call it her tunnel an she is in it all the time
the dogs love these toys , the noise keeps them amused and they are lasting very well haven't ripped or lost any stuffing yet
this variety of friskies is a favorite of our kitties . we like the friskies brand and have confidence in the products quality .
seem to fit the bill but how does one know until they are used quite a few times . two more words required .
my dogs are crazy about these talking toys ... they run after them forever ! have to be careful they are not destroyed . don't leave them unattended !
ihave used this product for years and have all good things to say about it . my senior dogs take l / 2 a day
i bought this bowl with the matching water bowl . it has been great for my small dog . cleans easily and looks nice sitting out in the kitchen .
combined with seachem purigen , my tank has been much more stable and therefore easier to clean , not as worried about crashing the nitro-cycle .
i try to buy my shih tzus treats that they like and that have some benefit for their teeth . they like these treats a lot !
my dog would not eat these nutri-vet breath & tartar spearmint & parsley flavored biscuits and i had to throw them out .
i love these mats .. got 2 . they are nice and big and soft and really keep my crystal litter contained.love them ! ! !
nice large bowl with cute graphics . i bought one for food and one for water . my cat seems to like it too . would recommend this bowl .
my cat loves the edible grass . i'm glad i got it for her because she's an indoor cat and this is a rare treat for her .
works great . one scoop for the big dog , half a scoop for the little dog . thanks for a good reasonably priced product .
i have been using this shampoo for over 10 yrs . you cannot beat the long lasting good smell !
seems to do a good job for my older sheltie and he limps less from his arthritis when he is on it
i have small dogs with tiny nails . these work great , sharp , easy to see what i'm doing and easy to use .
so cute . seems well made . runs a little small on the sizing though - hopefully it will not shrink in the wash .
my 3 dogs of varying ages and weights all eagerly await a serving of this treat . it's good for them and they love it .
i would recommend this treat to any dog lover . they are all natural ingredients and made in holland . i don't like any treats from china .
these bags work as expected , they are strong enough to hold a good size load . i also like the dispenser , very convenient .
great quality for the price . the pad is much thicker than expected . gave it 4 stars only because the sherpa side sheds a bit .
kinda small for my dog to drink out of - but on those long walks this comes in handy although he spills most of the water out while drinking .
my cats hated it , 1 kept throwing it up . looked like soupy stew with some vegetables but it did smell like stew .
this is the worst product ever . it leaves a sticky mess on furniture . i have to have my furniture cleaned because of the sticky mess .
i liked the idea of this and surprisingly the cat loves it ... more than his cat treats . we are both enjoying !
i think the brush is pretty flimsy , can't say much about the toothpaste but i bought it for the toothbrush so it's like blah .
solved my issue with restless dogs during shavings and works for all of my dogs and they are all different sizes .
although it may never be fun , scooping a litter box , this product makes it much simpler and neater . good product !
good price . bulbs work just like any others just make sure you buy the correct wattage for your animals needs
my pitbull tolerates having her fangs cleaned for just a minute or so and the triple ezdog brush makes the work quick and effective .
i'd order it again . easy to stuff inside the kong and healthy enough . the most important thing is that my dog goes crazy for it !
my girls really love these cookies . they don't smell bad to me like some biscuits do and the girls seem to really enjoy them .
picky cat gobbles this down . i have to hide the bag or he tries to get into it .
hey , if my cats go nuts over one catnip ball , why not have a whole bunch on hand for them . lots of fun !
of course my dogs love these ! they are so chewable and they must be tastey because they never leave th til they are gone
very good scissors and i have had no problems out of them . i've had them two years and they r still sharp
worked perfectly with our petsafe bark collar . you can't beat the price . they last for months on our household pet .
i attached this to my hands free leash accessory and love it . my dog gets plenty of space , and so do i :)
my dog loves these . all i have to do is shake the bag and she comes running for a treat .
my dogs love anything dingo . they just chew and chew and they are always so happy when i give them anything made by dingo
this food works well for my cats , they had runny stool with most other foods , this one keeps them normal .
have 4 dogs none will go near this . i even sprayed some attractant on it and they still won't go near it .
this did not work for my dog . waste of money . vets best works better . i have a long haired shih tzu
provides almost instant relief for hot spots . stops the itching and redness quickly allowing for the healing process to start .
i love how big and fluffy that it is . it keeps my chi's warm , and allows them to have their own space in the bed .
prefer more breathable types than this particular dog muzzle . it works well enough depending on the particular dog you are using it on .
my boy cats are in a competition these days . anti-icky poo does seem to eliminate the urine smell . would that it put an end to the battle .
easy to put together . very , very sturdy once it is put together . i think my puppy will love growing into this kennel !
replacement filters are easy to install and seem made very well . not priced too bad . hold up well under use .
dogs do not get tangled . much easier to manage two dogs on a walk . excellent purchase ! would definitely recommend it !
my cat won't play with it . i thought if it depended treats he would be interested , sadly he is not . :/
my lab loves this ball ! i have to hide it at times because all she wants me to do is roll it for her .
pup loves it and seems to thrive . good ingredients and no fillers or evil additives . highly recommend for your pup
both of my neat cats enjoy the pleasant water production . they seem to drink more water because of the filtering .
i have tried many brands of puppy training pads & have found out has served me the best for the price & several senior dogs that use them
end of march and still going strong from x-mas . no tears or damage . not my dog favorite toy but they do play with it .
before i could wrap this up for my grand kitty my 3 dogs were obsessed with it ! ! ! had to order one for them ! ! !
my five dogs love this . they are very small bites but i usually give two each . it a great treat
i wanted a lot of poop bags i got a lot of poop bags . perfect amount for having 3 dogs .. or one that way i'm never without .
i love these tags they are colorful and i was able to put a lot of information on them ... pretty cool
these can fit two ferrets and are easy to attach from the ceiling bars of the cage . machine wash is a plus .
my yorkies absolutely love this toy . they really love the squirrels but also will carry the tree stump around too !
we are giving our dog healthier treats . our dog loved the snack from the first bite . healthy and tastes good too .
my puppy likes this toy as a dog toy-but he doesn't favor it over any other toy so i don't know that the coldness helps him at all ...
this heater is not bad for 2.5 gallon fish tank . they keep your fish wear in the winter and you do not to worry about your fish .
i like this crate . i bought it for a puppy so really liked that you can divide it as the dog grows
excellent product and service . i have used this supplement for my dogs for years . they love it .
cats enjoy it and so does my wallet . if the cats are not hungry , the small cans make for less food waste .
a great value for the pricepuppy took right to them making the pad training effortlessi am a repeat customer and will continue to be
anyone who has a diva dog ( i do ! ) will love the set . good quality , and a good price look pretty good too .
same as other true chew review the price is higher than i like to pay but the dogs love them
a great alternative to use for that occasional ear problem . there is no toxic odor and soothing on the ears too . great shipping .
this bone is my dog's favorite of all bones i bought for him . he absolutely loves it . it really lasts a long time .
this stuff works and works great . takes a few days but you will end up with water so clear the fish look like they are swimming in air .
my two big dogs like this food and it's affordable , what more could you ask ? it fills them up and they never reject it .
does good at keeping most stray litter contained and a decent size for the price . i'd recommend this mat to others .
my dog is very healthy and her coat is beautiful , her energy and digestion are also great . i will keep getting this brand !
my dogs were very gassy until i started using this in their food . this seems to help them digest their food better .
this is awesome to have with cats . allows them to have water that's a little fresher and filtered . plus they seem to like the running water effect
our cats love them . i shake the bag and they'll come running . thier breath seems better since we started using these for thier treats .
my old cat loved this toy . my current cat is a tortie . which means she likes it off and on .
my betta gobbles this stuff up . i would recommend small bits at a time , as the brine shrimp dissolves and breaks apart in the water .
freezing the teether did not work . ( what a mess / not affective at all . ) would recommend as a toy but that's about it .
i felt my dog would like this product . i wad not wrong . she loves it . i would recommend it to other owners .
see thedogfoodadvisor.com to see what you feed your dog and do some research on " animal byproducts " before you let that dog lick you again ...
it only lasted a few hours before the cats managed to break the string , i tied it back on and it lasted a a few more hours .
i use all of these on my 10 gallon aquariums for sponge filters . they work very well and are quiet .
sorry , but my cat , frankie seemed interested at first , however that didn't last to long . about 5 minutes at best .
this product arrived on time and it works great at removing stains and odors . it's a must have when you have a puppy .
for the price and the service i gave it a five star rating . it was really easy to put together .
ceramic is the best ask any dog groomer if he says no find another less wear and tear on your buddy the pet
my straffordshire terrier destroyed this within a short time . this won't work for dogs who like to chew , not durable enough .
used for micosword grass and it's growing strong carpeting the tank , simple to use and effective . would recommend for any planted tank .
work great , easy to put together and best price you will find i think . great fish tank cleaner cartridge , buy it .
dog must be part duck hound because she surely loves these . they don't leave any mess as she eats every crumb
my dog didn't spend even one minute with this toy . i gave it to dog shelter .
this hikari lion head goldfish food is-excellent for maximum lion head growth and color . and beautiful round goldfish shape with minimal fish waste
i use this play w / my cat everyday and cat likes it very much . it is also very durable & light .
haven't tried it on my cats yet so i don't know about it yet bought one to give to a dog and one for to use on cats
i really like this , i have a rottie and when just so happen i needed an e-collar no one had her size .
great box for the corners . cat's can't get the litter out which is wonderful . we have a big scratcher this keeps him from scratching the walls .
i love this product . it really helps cutting my dogs hair . i just wish to have more neutral colors like red , black , white or silver ...
so far we have gone through two bags and she is itching less and her weight is perfect . she love the food .
i think i like the size and packaging of the product . they are much smaller than milk bones and a great way to reward dogs .
i have tried other brands but nothing else comes close . great deal to buy the 10 pack when it is on sale .
problem with products like this one , you only know when it isn't working . so all i can say is so far it works .
my dogs loved the calmly chamomile sweet potato treats . it's a great , natural and healthly way to treat your pet ! i will be buying more .
bought it a a back up if one in the tank one out.cheap , we will see how it ok out when i need it
love it ! ! ! my cats love this product so i would recommend it to other cat owners . it is especially great with young cats or kittens .
my cat loves friskies foods . especially the flaked or chopped kind , but doesn't care for the pureed foods my previous cat preferred .
i am so glad to gave found these . i will only buy pawbreakers because they are good quality and made in the usa
nice pad , well made , soft . my havanese use them to sleep on the windowsill and watch the world go by ( like a cat ) .
this harness is just as good as the lower cost ones at a pet store , but for a fraction of the price . would buy again !
my beagle really loves these treats . i like that they are grain free , but still crunchy since he loves " cookies . "
dog loves it and has been chewing it up real good.seems be be holding together well even with my puppies teething .
i put this on an antique chest my cats were starting to scratch and put a small cat scratch post next to the trunk . no problems since
this is an essential part of getting the tank ready for fish ( cycling ) and maintaining the ideal condition for a healthy tank !
good price for package size . good teeth cleaning product of dog . dog loves it and negs for it after breakfast .
my cats like this , but haven't really spent time sleeping on it . it's still up in the air on this one .
my dogs love these and now look forward to their medicine . no more hassles and they are a better value in the six packs .
this bedding is my top choice when it comes to my guinea pigs . it does not smell , absorbs moisture instantly and is very easy to clean up .
a great tasting treat the cockers go crazy for . as soon as i grab the bag they come a running .
the other whelping mat is much better but this one is good it washes and drys super fast so it has been a good addition to my whelping portfolio
channah esther ( meow ) & madison hamlet ( woof ) get 1/2 scoop each with their dinner , everyday . both sport beautiful , healthy smiles !
got this for our boykin spaniel . seems to be working and he doesn't mind us applying it .
great leash gives you more control with 2 handles , sturdy . helps to handle my very strong gsd . very good product
2 hours , that us how long this lasted , if you have a lab that loves to chew don't buy it .
smaller than i thought , does hold 3 cups . it is not for a golden retriever or large dog . works for the pup
i don't quite understand this toy and neither do my cats . the cats aren't interested in playing with it . save your money .
a great dog food ! my dogs aren't too crazy about it , but they do eat it .
i keep one of these in the car and have one with the leash . they have really come in handy .
good for dog , dog loves them , made in usa ... who could ask for anything more ! have made repeat purchases and will continue to do so !
i bought this to play with our foster cats , it's a nice little laser toy for the money and the cats like it .
the fish go crazy whenever i feed them this . i give this around 3 times a week alternating with flakes . ( 6 serpaes and 6 neons )
my poodle loves this food and it is healthy and not full of fillers , worth the extra money . his favorite is the pot pie .
i have tried so many litters and this is the best one ever . it is packaged a little funny , but it is worth it .
this is a simple treat release ball that keeps the dog busy for hours . i am glad to have gotten this item
great product for those accidents in the house from my pup . best part is it leaves a nice clean shine on my hardwood floors too !
works great for my dogs arthritis and will work for other issues . i like this so much better than using people aspirin
it's cheap , built well , soft , and cats love it . if you are looking for a cat toy you came here , so buy it .
feel good about giving these turkey treats to your dog they are made in america and my dog loves them
works great , plants are flourishing . i used one 8.8 lb bag for a generic 10 gallon from petco ( dollar gallon sale ) .
doesnt ' work like i thought it would . dogs can tip it over and move it . would be nice to be weighted down .
i have one out on the counter , i dont use it much . i guess its my fault for not using it .
this is really great . it works to help with both of my dogs breath . i am glad i bought it & will continue to buy it .
we've only used 1 of our 3 pack for the last 1.5 months of training - works great so far !
these balls really bounce high . the cats don't fetch them , but they do run after them . but they'd rather play soccer with a fluff ball .
the squeaky died pretty quick is why i'm only giving it 3 stars but my dog still likes it and enjoys playing fetch with it .
i tried these daily on my dog with anxiety issues , and they didn't seem to make any difference one way or the other .
this item is not only easy to install but also a lifesaver for my mini sized dog , awesome idea for protecting small animals .
very good toy for teething dog . it works well for tug of war and she gets good exercise . works outside too
this video gives a brief tutorial on cats for any newcomers and shows da bird being used to encourage the cats on the piano [ ... ]
these just did not stay on the cloth sofa . i had problems getting the sticky stuff put . it was not pretty .
this is great dog food that my dogs like , but it gives them very smelly gas . still , it's good food !
really works nice , the turtles water is now cleaner then the fish tank water.seems to do a really great job and is a great price here on amazon !
this is stable , and holds a good amount of food and water . it worked well for his size from 3 months to adult .
of course the dogs love it . what dog doesn't love nylabones ? this is actually about the 3rd replacement wishbone i've gotten over the years .
we mix this food with royal canin for our morkie - who is a finicky eater - he loves it .
i love this filter . simple set up . simple to maintain . flows water great with great volume . would suggest buying it .
i have a little girl that knows when i try to give her some sort of medicine but she does not give me a hard time with this one
rachel ray is known for her cooking shows , etc . and it now she has her own dog food line.my pooches liked it well enough.recommended
we spray this on our dog when we go camping or are outside for long periods . i really love the smell of it .
i'm very pleased with this cage , i have two cockatiels and this cage is plenty big enough for them during trips . good purchase !
doesn't really clean up doggie breath , but they do help with cleaning of the teeth and the dog likes them okay .
my two yellow-bellies sliders love this stuff ! comes in an easy to dispense plastic container , making it a great supplement to a turtle's diet .
these buiscuts were for my dog clients & i got rave reviews from them ! they all loved them and ... they asked for more ! !
really removes a lot of hair to cut down on the shedding . very easy to use and my dog doesn't mind it at all .
have no problem transporting my betta fish with this net . perfect size and well manufactured . arrived on time . i'm very happy with this product .
my cat uses it and i don't have to lug kitty litter from the store .
great for teaching my dog to heal , not chase squirrels , and to not take mommy or daddy for a drag .
my 8 month old lab puppy tore this up within 3 days ... i expected a kong toy to last much longer
i think my two labs went through a bag of these in 24 hours . i can't believe how much they love them ! i will be buying again !
i think it is working so far . i'll update later as i continue to use it . i do notice my little dogs teeth seem to be cleaner .
adds a good amount of heat to a half gallon aquarium . really brings out the beautiful colours of my bettas !
the dogs touch it but it seems to be made more for cats than dogs . we put peanut butter on the end and they licked it off .
i think this is a great dog food ! my dogs are healthy-shiny-and active ! ive never seen any recalls on this either.most of all , they like it !
small enough to put next to the fireplace without worrying about it being so tall it gets hot.my dogs love it .
i use these all the time for my three " house " dogs . these pads are the best pads of all the ones i have tried .
their great dog bowls seeing how the rim comes off because it is a pain to use and clean it if you had to leave the rim on
foily , noise , playfull toys that don't hurt anthing your cats are sure to love them and constantly play with them , a must buy ! ! !
i really like all of nature's miracle products you can't really go wrong , especially with the cat products ! my cats like it too .
of the different flavors i purchased for my dogs , they really liked the duck and potato the most . i will get this again .
our dog enjoys this toy and i think the rubber quality is great . we'll definitely be buying more jw toys in the future .
i have already had this item for 30 days , the filters work very well , the cats thank you very much .
now that i am retired , i plan on teaching my scotties a few tricks.all four love these training treats.this makes it so much easier during training .
we don't get much colder than 2-3 degrees fahrenheit and this bowl keeps up with it . got it during the summer so it was much cheaper .
my cat is a very picky eater . this is the best price around and the best food too ! my cat goes gaga over it !
my little chihuahuas just love these munchies . xlent treat for being good doggie . this is also a good price and delivered quickly .. well packed .
went into the ground , just like they said it would . there isn't much to this and it seem solid enough to hold most dogs yanking on it .
for a big dog and an aggressive chewer this is a must works great , dog seems to love it and it's non destructive around the house . love it
our cats love this - when we apply it to their food , they really enjoy it ! great supplement for kittens , adults , and nursing cats .
this is a great product . i have purchased it several times and my cat still likes it . he can be quite picky .
i use these with my japanese chin that has had adverse reactions to other flea products.this one works with no bad side effects on her .
product arrived and appeared to be old and dry . i won't be buying this ever again . ever , ever , ever again !
this product takes up a lot of floor space , is not attractive and works mediocre . wouldn't waste my money again
this is a great no grain product that my dog loves.it would be nice if the nuggets were larger to require more chewing time
my dog is crazy about it . i couldn't be more pleased with his reaction .. i currently have more on order .
after trying so many other dog foods , nb was the only one that solved skin issues and bad poops . my big dogs are so healthy now .
marineland pa0392 diamond blend activated carbon / ammonia neutralizing material , we use it in all of our fish and turtle tank filters .
i returned this as soon as i saw it . it's really cheaply made . it feels like felt and it snot very secure . was not impressed .
oh , puppies do not like these , just do not like these and that is really a sad thing as they all eat honest kitchen food
my kitten eat it just fine , i mix it with their dry food and they chow down , i also like science diet .
these weren't nearly as durable as others purchased in the past . they were tossed in the trash by day 3 , chewed by a 12 # terrier .
it had a very fresh smell , and price was great . tasha rolled happily on scratching posts and flat areas where catnip was used .
our eight month old papillon loved this for all of one day . he really rips into these things that squeak but they don't hold up .
they are small and easily fit in his puzzle compartments . they smell good and fritz is enthusiastic about choosing which treat he wants .
our small dog chews on her toys a lot . this thing didn't last a day with her . broke quite easily and i don't recommend this product
this scoop is really alright . especially for hard to remove litter . scoop end could be a little larger . like the length . would buy again .
perfect for my 4 month old puppy she runs around the house with it even though it's bigger than her it does keep her occupied for a little bit
i used it a few times on my kitten . it is very small and compact . it cuts nails with minimal effort .
best on the market for your beardy ! i need more words for this review but i think i said it all if you love your beardy !
we have had no problems with this product for our tank . it seems to work quite well and i will get it again .
this is great for short and medium distance runs . nice soft material for the dog's mouth . love the bright color making it easy to spot .
this puppy food seems to be a winner ... my mini aussie puppies eat it right up . the vet says they are developing fine muscle tone ...
it is a great toy my bird loved it but it should come with a few refills . otherwise was a fun toy .
it was not popular with the finicky cats in the house , so i am feeding it to my ferals outside .
i have 2 adult cats , louise & katie just love this food . the hairball control really works well especially for my long hair cat .
this is my boxer's favorite toy . it has held up nicely using it to play fetch and the torture of puppy teeth .
great price for the quantity . retail stores are very expensive with this product . this is the second time we purchased this for our dogs .
awesome ! my 3 pound long hair toy chi-che loves it ! she learned " how to use it " very quickly . she feels safe !
not one of my little yorkie-poos favorites . merlin will eat them though as long as he gets a zuke's jerky treat as well .
works fast and very well on our pets . easy to administer and lasts a long time . i'd recommend them to everyone .
i really cannot say that they are indeed providing health benefits , but see no known ingredients that could be detrimental to the catz ... and they love em !
my pup doesn't really enjoy this toy much . only mildly interested in it , and even then , only if she's really amped up to play .
does not 40 pounds of food ! ! and the lid just pops off and so it was easy for the dogs to get into it .
i would use this one as a starter toy . its really easy and may bore a dog with a high prey drive .
my dog loves these treats especially when i cut her nails . old mother hubbard is a good brand of dog treats and approved by my vet .
my 5 month old labrador retriever puppy scarfed down her meals without chewing . the wobbler slows her down and she has fun at the same time .
no grains , plenty of natural fish ingredients - - perfect for dogs showing allergies to other foods . my dogs love the taste , too !
unless you cover an entire piece of upholstered furniture with this , cats will find other areas to scratch . did not work for me .
my cat . bachi loves this toy . i have two . pink & purple ( light ) bachi will carry loves to play fetch
it's hard to get excited about cat litter . cats use it and minimal tracking . what more does a cat want or need ?
zymox did the trick ! after a week my puppy stopped attacking his ears . now i've switched to zymox without the cortisone to use as a preventative .
i have a bunch of cats and can't afford all the larger catnip yeowww toys so these little fish are perfect !
the set just arrived . have not used it yet ( will take it out shortly ) but it looks and feels solidly constructed .
i always forget to get cat treats while out shopping so i decided to stock up so my cat will love me more .
great toy for small dogs , she loves the squeekers ( two ) and the stretch lets us play tug . very cute toy .
i suppose each dog is different when it comes to toys--but its been weeks since i purchased these kong squiggles toys and shes not interested at all in them .
stuff it with food and help your dog stay out of trouble . i put canned food in and freeze it .
they do what they're supposed to . make sure you use some sort of liner ... my dog peed and was just walking around dripping everywhere tt___tt
this is a very heavy duty choke chain collar and works great for my coonhound mix . very pleased with my purchase .
this has been a godsend for keeping the pets divided at times in the house . great construction , simple black wire , and clips to keep everything secure .
i use clumping litter and this isn't strong enough to get the clumps-it bends and the handle closes up--i think it would be ok for regular litter .
love this as it doesn't restrict the dog too much just enough from rooming into my lap as i drive . i recommend it for the quality and price .
this one with the led lighted ball is extremely better than the one that doesn't light up , my cats love this item
it works great and love the dial application that controls the air flow stream . you can't go wrong here with this one .
my cats all hated this style of litter box . i think they disliked the ' wall like ' enclosure . it may have made them feel trapped .
these chews are so soft , they are easily broken into smaller pieces for training purposes . puppy seems to love them too !
natural stone that will keep your aquarium clean make sure its the last stage of filtration otherwise it gets gunked up
i used it for my bathroom , it works fantastic ! getting all my dropping hairs and my cat's easily , which are not easy to catch with vacuum .
i use this heater on my covered porch for two of my cats . the old female loves it especially . the baby cat i don't let out yet .
the dogs love the bounce and love to chew on them . it is heavier than a tennis ball so i would roll it rather than toss it .
these were a great design very sturdy and ideal for any filter system for a tank or pond . highly recommended
my lab puppy loved this bed , but within a day or two , she was able to tear a hole at the seam and pull stuffing out .
i use this with purgune and it works awesome stable levels , clear water always . a must for any aquarium and worth every penny .
my boys played with it for a little while but now ignore it . i will not buy this product again .
miss kitty kittie loves her large brown paper grocery shopping bags best , but this comes in a very close second place !
well made . sturdy and quite heavy . bought if for my cats . bowls sit nicely in and come right out for cleaning .
my 3 dogs love this grain free dog food with limited ingredients . their skin is better and less itchy and even the shedding is less .
my dog loves this . she is an aggressive chewer and this toy is lasting . great price compared to pet stores
this is a key item in the treatment for liver disease in my dog . i like purchasing in the three pack , but they where out of stock .
used this product for years . only one cat seems immune to the scent and has a ' wild ' moment of abandonment on a door .
very cute and fast deliver . very warm for puppy . i should order a little bigger can fit better , but it's ok . i like the quality .
i have 15 pound dog so the bag is perfect size . i can imagine if you have a large dog it can be issue .
trixxxie just love her fish and could hardly wait to get her legs wrapped around it to start playing ! a big hit ! ! !
so disappointed to get this and find that it has parabens in it . we are a paraben free household so will have to return .
for what it is it suits the purpose fits the pet food cans well . would recommend for anyone wanting to keep pet food fresh .
i bought this for my daughter's gerbils as a surprise . she was so thrilled to get it for them . they love it
very good quality and my little girl plays with this from time to time . but , the crackle sound is very light .
just make sure you spray nearby their toys , bed , furniture , never on the cat itself . be patient and use positive reinforcement .
i gave this food to my neighbor who has several cats . my cat could not eat it because it contained corn and our cat is a diabetic .
nice looking bed for dogs and they seem to love it warmer and cooler . animals seem to love it . great bed .
keeps the 5 gallon chi between 72-74 . but i don't think my betta minds . i've had the heater since december 2011
love them and helps with her allergies . great to get treats without a bunch of fillers . all the flavors are good and we try them all
my presa canarios are so happy with these chews and i am confident they are safe since they are made in the usa . thank you .
easy to use . keeps the water fresh and clean for my cats . recommend this to anyone who loves their cat
we got this at the reccomendation of the vet for our fus kitty . knock wood , its done a great job .
new to cat ownership . this works well . the cat is happy , the job gets done easily and efficiently . good price and well made plastic scoop .
my dogs loved this very much , they go nuts whenever they hear im opening the package . also they smell mintier
the frame is strong , but the bed material is easy to be torn . be carefull if you have a young dog .
it was a good by but my dogs , very timid , don't understand they are to climb into it . i will have to return it .
these are durable , easy to use , and seem to very comfortable for the pet . i recommend this type of device over collars any day .
i have no idea . it not distracting my shitzu from pooing but i still trying it in the place she goes to sometimes .
my cats love this stuff , good quality food and it's the only dried stuff i give them i order by bulk
my 3 dogs love the chicken chips and the chicken tenders but stuck their noses up at these ... maybe they don't like bananas ...
great pet training aid it did what i needed it too do it is easy to use and i would suggest it to others also just great
i find it all over the house because it's so light with the feathers that she can pounce , jump up and throw it anywhere she wants .
unobstructive and i forget it's plugged in , but the cats do not seem any different to me and that's why i don't think it does anything .
it keeps our very active 6 month old busy when we are busy . i recommend it for the playful feline in your life .
i bought this and the catterfly attachment--my 2 cats seem to prefer the fly . it's held up so far to pawing and chewing .
great product . boought this one too big . so i just took out some links . works great to help with pulling .
like that it it loud enough but not too loud , easy to use and color makes it easy to find if misplaced
this product is indeed a miracle ! having 3 rescue dogs and 1 cat , i have lots of " clean up " to do daily !
it really does te work no spills ! i can't even tell if there's pee on it ! it dryers fast and it keeps your floors dry
my dog loves this toy ! he brings it to me so we can play tug-of-war . it's become his favorite toy .
not as absorbant or thick as some of the other brands , but it does the job it is supposed to .
he is so picky too , but he loves this particular flavor . i particularly like the variety packs to see what brands he likes the most .
these bags may be good for small or medium size dogs ( and hands for that matter ) , but they weren't large enough for our large labs .
this is a super cute sweater . too big for my pug puppy right now , but i can't wait until she is big enough to wear it .
great product and worth the buy since you'll be using it for all your cat years - - not a cheap piece of plastic .
i brush my dogs teeth each night and she really loves this toothpaste . why can't they make this flavor for humans ? it smells delicious !
a good investment for scratching . the tassle ball was destroyed in quick order but the scratcher is perfect . recommend this for scratching , etc.terri
i don't know how long it will last . some of the fur and string from the velcro is coming off already . but it's good .
i have some kitties with chronic upper respiratory and this helps with it , though does not make them well . good product .
my vet reccomended this product for my dog that gets reoccurring uti's . seems to keep the bladder flushed and am having good results so far
it doesn't hurt to have a good quality cat food that also helps with preventing hairballs . the cats love it .
i highly recommend the drops to keep the flea drops . i put the drops on the cats and it has kept the fleas off .
got it for our big dog , she loves it , easy to take of and put on , easy to clean and shine in the dark
not to happy with this have to replace batteries every week . if it rains alot it gets wet . so i was a bit sad
fun little durable cat toy . my cat plays with it all the time .
lasts a long time - i am surprised . really different and cute . big enough so it doesn't get lost . easy to use for a dangle toy .
what can i say , this is the famous chuckit for a reason . we love it and it lives up to all it's claimed to be .
the stitching where the neck meets the body is quite weak . my 15 pound pup was able to remove the head in one play session .
recently ordered these.they are inexpensive.they pour without much fumes , as noted.will comment how will it clumps , in future reference .
i bought two of these mats and am very happy with the quality of the products as well as the company .
the cats love this . this is one of their favorites and they never get tried of eating this . thank you !
this cleaner is okay . i find it is no better than cheaper types of cleaners . however , the smell it very nice and clean smelling .
good food . this is a good food and my ferrets love it . it has great ingredients and will improve your ferrets health !
these replacement batteries for the anti bark collar are necessary and work well . the battery life is amazingly quite long
i bought this to clean out my 3 gallon fish tank and it did the trick , easy to use and efficient .
no complaints here . my cat likes it , and it's a good quality / healthy cat food , not filled with all kinds of junk & garbage .
i purchased this as a gift - used under a cat's feeding station . good quality & regarded well by recipient . looks very good & functions well .
i believe i've already reviewed this but my cats love the shrimp , i sprinkle it in the food so they can have a small treat between bites .
my cat will not drink the water if this is in it unfortunately . so now it just sits there un used
loved colorkong makes a good durable productdogs need toyscan never have enough toys for my dogs to play with
these are ok , but my cats prefer the 9 lives . good if your cats like it though . i have 12 cats to feed !
the toy was very cute and that is why we purchased it - but it lasted about 10 minutes before it was destroyed .
this item helps with cat odors and fits the " scoop free " brand of automatic cat boxes . i love this system ...
catches most litter when the cats exit the litter box but not all of it . great price though for its size .
these collars are nice in design . they are a little large now for my kittens . i hope they will grow into them soon .
these are very good trimmers for the price no breaking of nails and safety guide blade is great highly recommend
cat was not interested in this toy , found it in a book . i am willing to bet a younger cat or a kitten will love it .
was well made and our cat loves to play with it daily . would recommend to a friend for their cat !
not tasty , but if hungry will gulp down , not chewing , so not helping
if you cut your dogs hair this is a must have . keeps your dog contained while you are cutting his hair . this table is solid .
this would work for a boxer or pug but my goldendoodle can still get to her sore spot with no problem , they were great about taking it back .
i have the marina filter in my children's goldfish tank . these filters work great to keep the water clean .
my cats won't touch these . one of them tried and chewed and chewed . she finally spit it out . oh , well ...
i'f this is a large dinner mat i wouldn't want to see the small one . must look like a cup coaster or somethin .
our groomer uses this shampoo on our dogs - we purchased the shampoo and the itching gel - both products are great
this is a great rain sheet for dogs . it's easy to put on and stays in place pretty well . make sure you check the sizing .
both my dog and cat have been consuming this for months , and judging from their breath , plaque is continuing to build up .
my 3 dogs eat this , i guess they like it , they do not have vomiting , diarrhea , seizures , tremors , fevers , after eating it .
the dogs love the taste , plus their coat and skin look great . been using wellness core for years with no problems !
i was worried about purchasing this product . however , i have not seen any drips thus far . i like how it fits tightly on the cage .
you get a lot for the money . they are good quality and i love the container . you can't go wrong .
my african cichlid fish love this stuff ... keeps the water clean , not a lot of waste from this food at all !
wasn't sure whether this would fit , since the measurements were off a bit , but it's the perfect size after all
my dog likes these treats , but they are not her favorite . sill , i would get them again and recommend them to friends and family .
my 2 cats liked this food and it didn't upset their stomachs like sometimes when i try a new cat food .
i have many animals and this is the best and works really good i am a repeat customer on this product
even my cat loves it . i think she sees it as a little cave . it works magically as a backpack and as a roller bag .
my dog's favorite toy and mine too ! ! hahaha i love the oink oink noise that this thing makes and the colors are way too fun
i have been using these for a few months now & they are working great ! durable , sturdy , and perfect fit on cans .
bought these all they did is give my dog runny stool will not going to buy these ever again :(
i bought it for my 8 pound mini poodle .. the damn thing keeps falling off of him . i hate it .. it's stupid .
our dogs love the puffy lamb ears . would buy more often except the pricing is what holds me back . they should not be so expensive .
easy to put on ! and even though my smallest chihuahua is just 1.5 pounds , she doesn't mind it at all ! it's cute too !
works pretty good . picks up poop and whatnot . kind of wish we went with the actual picker upper , but the grass is always greener , right ?
my princess cat needs about an inch of this once a week . she licks it stright from the tube .
three uniquely different toys for a great price from the best company for dog toys that i've used ... perfect for puppies
what is not to love ! product comes in easy tear off individual 20 bag rolls . i can easily bring these rolls anywhere we walk . i recommend .
i got this to show me cat or dog urine areas throughout the house and it works perfectly for that .
have to keep this on order with amazon because my 80 pound pup loves them ! and the shoes aren't chewed in our house !
my puppy loves this , he loves carting it around and then sitting down chewing it while enjoying the in built squeeker .
so far so good . no fleas or ticks . but we have a big mosquito problem this year and unlike the k9 advantix it doe not repel mosquito's .
great product at a great price . will hold a 6 oz can or less of cat food . would buy again .
my cats didn't go for these . they much prefer the spring toys that have a continuous motion once batted around
i give my dog one of these probiotics every day . she has a very easily upset digestive system and the vet recommended these .
my dogs really like these treats . they are quite small which makes them perfect for a quick , small treat without giving them a lot of extra calories .
our 21 yr old senior cat loves the flavors.easy for a senior to digest . friskies is a reliable product to buy
these toys are my yorkie's favorite toy of all time . the best part is that you can replace the squeaker when it gets crushed to death . :)
love this small scissors for trimming up my yorkies around the face and paws ... cuts well and the ball tip is protective .
i know this brush is for cats , but i thought it would work on my long haired pomeranian , it just pulls her hair and she hates it .
only bought this because we could not get alternative . our cats loved it though . definitely tastes better than their special diet .
i love these wipes , smells good , not fake and cheap like some of the other ones i've tried . very pleased .
our cats just love it thank you very much . have a nice day and a happy and safe memorial day week-end
good quality filters for our tank . plus a very good price for these filters through this vendor vs buying them at the local pet store .
this is a real nice selection of cat toys . it is a good way to get a group of different toys .
good toothe paste . my dogs hate getting their teeth brushed and this really seems to help them accept the tooth brush better
no mess left behind . they're natural . they last for awhile . my dogs love them . i would recommend them to dog people .
my dojo is a power chewer . this is a great ball ! great to chase and chew on . a good buy for a power chewer .
that alone makes me happy . you don't have to fight with them to eat their chewie as we call it .. :)
its good , smells good , expecially for cat , and my cat can finish one can in one day and one night . its pretty good .
i bought this for myself because it is so cute and i am a dachshund owner . this makes me smile wherever i keep it .
this was ripped to shreds in minutes . not worth it . the only advantage is that it didn't have the big stuffing mess .
my dog is not real crazy about these peanut butter pockets , he is a picky eater . he will eat them now and then .
the basic daylight version is bright and supplies a good spectrum the aqueon colormax led lamp fills some of that spectrum where the daylight lamp is a little weak .
these treats work great for my dogs , i feed them the food also , so it helps not to upset their digestive system .
kong products are wonderful for stronger dogs that like to play tug a war . they really last . i even buy the kong toys for my cat .
my three furbabies enjoy playing with these kong cat cozie kickeroo catnip toy andgo crazy for the catnip . i bought one for each of my three babies .
my dog and i both love this brand great for his health people compliment me on how beautiful his coat is
i have been giving my cats temptations treats for over a year and they love them . this catnip flavor seems to really be one of their favorites .
do not buy this silly little piece of junk . drop the whole ocd routine and just let the hay fall where it may .
even though these things smell terrible my dogs love them ! so i will probably order more when i run out .
bull terrier plays with this and its still not destroyed ! ! ! we are very happy with it and doggie is extremely happy with it ! !
my dog would not talk to me if i didn't give her one of these every night after she finishes her dinner . absolutely loves them
lasted a whole 15 minutes with our beagle puppy . made a mess and i would not suggest this to anyone with a puppy .
very nice toy , great fetching play time but extremely fragile , corners will be chew very easily in no time , i would recommended for no chewer dogs .
does an amazing job , better than any product on the market i've used . seachem has a reputation for quality products .
dog treats are plentiful on the market and these are of good quality and the dog seems to like them . what doggie wants , doggie gets .
was purchasing refills at my local pet store but was getting pricey . these are great you get three for the price of two !
i still use these as my dog is not 100 % outdoor potty trained . they work well and are super absorbent .
excellent dog toy very durable handles chewing dogs well and stands up to the dog to dog tug of ware
my fish store charges $ 8.99 for 2 . this is a great way to buy these fine filters . keep your fish healthy with clean water .
there's really not much material inside this bed , otherwise i would have given it a better rating , i don't think it's very supportive .
which was only 6 weeks until the leash came out of the handle / retraction wheel.would have given it a 5 had it lasted for at least 6 months .
save your money and give your cat a piece of crumbled up paper or a ring from the ol milkeroni cap !
my english bulldog refrains from biting or chewing anything . but i have to warn you , you must reapply every other day or so : s .
i have been using this product for several years now . it is healthy , dog loves it . reseaonably priced what more could you want ?
i really like the convenience and space conservation of this product . it easily holds a big bag of dog food and has a good seal on the lid .
i recently began grooming my yorkie - this item works very well . they are very sharp yet safe and makes the process much easier .
your basic black leash . the 6 foot length is ideal for training . can't go wrong at this price .
perfect toy . the extra seeker is awesome for when the first one gets too worn out . the no stuffing is great .
these are great , i plan to buy more , , , great tool for puppys and whelping moms
my dog loves the crackling of the water bottle inside , and so far has held up pretty well , we have had it for about a month .
this works the very best of all the odor eliminators we have ever used . i love the smell too .
true to size and fits perfect.lovely leopard print pattern that seems difficult to find these days.they have the matching harness and leash also 
perfect product for dogs that like sweet potato its healthy and taste great for them they can't seem to get enough
so disgusting the cats would not even touch it after three days of no other food ... they really hated it .. skip it
i really like this cat tower . easy to put together and no problems ! and my cats love it !
they haven't stopped playing with it . and occasionally i use a catnip sprtiz to spray some catnip onto it , and they love it that much more .
the clear stones were a problem . they wore off within a couple of weeks . pretty when received but didn't last for long .
my youngest bulldog made short work out of this . and by short i mean he chewed it in half in less than a day .
bought this for my pet food . is perfect , and so much cheaper than the same type of container from a pet store .
great product . helps our cavalier king charles spainels eyes a lot . no more sad dirty eyes for us any more
ever since switching to invincible my killer shi tzu can not disable the squeaker on these things so he gets mad and gives up ... great toy !
my cat was having issues with fancy feast . i did some checking on-line and this grain free brand was recommended .
very cute my dog loves it and so far has held up very well ... she is hard on toys so it must be made pretty well .
i've been using it for several months now and now breaks in the seams . don't hesitate to purchase , it works as described ..
puppy loves to be brushed . a little big for my little puppy but works perfectly . sturdy when she chews on it .
love this harness , tried others but felt like the rubbed my cocker spaniel , he loves this one , very cozy and soft ! love this item .
my 3 cats love these toys . only problem the string is too thin and my big black cat keeps chewing through them .
my cat has many toys but he likes this one the best . i have to hide it from him when we are not playing ..
7 lb . puppy but squeaker only lasted a few days longer than other toys
i bought these pads for my adult dog and they are no better than those i can getelsewhere for one third the price .
i am a fan of this product from now on my dogs and puppies loves this and i am a happy customer thanks alot
advantix ll 6 month for dogs 21 - 55 lbs . was a good price and arrived quickley , good product . i use it every year
my dog is very narrow across chest . i could not bend her legs to get her into the sweater . it is a beautiful sweater .
nice gray color , fits to back seat very well , with option of closing off front seat.getting very good use !
my dog tease reall loves these dog treats a lot he doesn't know the different on regally dog treatsthank you so much
my dogs would do back flips for squeeky balls . i use these only for training because they don't last long .
i use this item in my sump along with live rock . it lasts about a month before needing to be replaced and keeps the reef healthy .
our chickens leg was better by the time this came , so i did not use it . i probably would have worked fine .
fits the tubbing very well ( even better that the ones i bought on the local petshop ) , no complaits at all on the service .
it didn't work for us we had to send it back we only got a signal 15 feet from the house .
my 3 finicky cats come running when i open cans of ff fish & shrimp . definitely fishy smelling , but not nearly as pungent as some brands .
these filters work great . th cats get food in the water and these filter the scum out so kitties have fresh water .
i love this . my chihuahua looks so cute in it . it fits her perfectly . i am very happy with this t-shirt for my dog .
this color coordinates with the adjustable harness . the leash is strong but soft to the touch which makes taking a walk a pleasure .
we use this shrimp for easy access bait for fishing in the ocean or in the pond , even tastes good enough to eat as a snack
it didn't grow , and i haven't had time to replant in some potting soil , but i'm sure it will be fine then . the concept is wonderful .
i have 5 dogs and they all love the kyjen products.they are affordable and withstand all sorts of mouth play
perfect teether for my puppy while she is playing with her toys she is teething also and getting frustration off with her toy .
this is a very comfortable and smooth working leash . my dog and i enjoy our walks together much better and no pull .
great dog cover ! fits the bed in my dog's crate perfectly and it is easy to put on and take off .
takes away any foul odors .. even things that hang around after cooking . dries really fast and doesn't leave a residue . great
my dog loved the treat inside , but the treat would not stay in the holder ! it came out 3 times within the first 5 minutes .
it is a highly rated dog food which my dog likes and keeps him regular--at a very good price . he likes the other flavors too .
i've had a lot of issues with plastic litter scoops so i bought this one , i've had no issues , works great with all types of cat litter .
this is a nice treat for my budgies . they love it so much and within 24 hours there is nothing left .
this is half the price of pet supplies and it is the same . took care of our dog's worms right away . highly recommend .
works great at night , you just have to bring good flashlight with you to help charge the glow in the ball . my dog loves it .
my cats love these window seats they are in them all the time . two or three at a time . / haha great item and recommend it highly
i bought this as a present for my sister and so i don't know a lot about if it works , but it's cute and is a great idea .
my cats love pretty much all the prodcuts . this one has the dental and hairball component . i would recommend the item to friends .
i am loving the toy , but my dog doesnt seem to . at least this is something he wont chew off too soon .
they are cheap both in price and quality . i should have bought something more expensive as these do not cut the find hair on my sheltie's feet .
i love the guard on them to pretty much make them fool proof . i same money by doing them myself .
i have too of these cat ribbon toys , this one and a leopard fluffy one , and they always prefer this one !
great this keeps my girl warm and its nice an soft.glad i came across the produt love the color . like the size of the blanket
was a nice change for a different treat . nothiong fantastic and not bad just ok . probably would not buy again . there are better things out there
this works well to put treats in for the puppy / dog . you don't know what color you are getting , but so far it has lasted .
my lovely ladies had no trouble getting the treats ... they just ripped the ball apart and ate them . not a very sturdily made dog toy .
we have been buying these for a few months now and are pleased with the quality and that they are made in the usa . our dog loves them .
puppy loves this chew toy , and so do my adult dogs . when its worn down i am sure i will buy another one .
very good brand of harness for all dogs . i have had several of them and will continue to buy them in the future .
this is a good started pack of toys for small breed puppies . this has good toys for teething and for playing both .
great for cleaning crates , floors and all things dog ... love it ! ! use it weekly on dogs crates and to spot clean
my puppy had a severe diarrhea for weeks until we put her on wellness lamb and sweet potato . just like a miracle , she is healthy and energetic .
these treats are tasty like other zuke's products . they work well for training and do not crumble in your bag .
my dogs love these chews and they were recommended by my vet . they are great for the teeth and keep the dogs busy for a long while .
made in china just not the quality i expected flimsy and the buckle is made for a larger breed dog
i have a very old cat who needs a low dose aspirin / day . it is the only way i can get her to take it .
i like the 3/4 width and wish i bought the 3/4 harness instead of the 1/2 . the print is cute and seems durable .
easy to set temp and it has maintained a steady temp since installed a couple months ago . my fishies are warmer than we are !
i don't know what i expected but i sure expected them to last longer than 20 minutes and i'm not sure they were easily digested .
no stuffing to come out ! and it even came with replacement squeakers ! my dog loved squeaking it , and it was one of his favorite toys .
my three chihuahuas love this treat and it is also good for their teeth . i am so pleased this treat is made in the usa .
my dog loves this bed , comes as advertised and is of very good quality for the price . i highly recommend this for your dog !
this water bottle is a very good product that works well with small animals . ( rabbits , small dogs etc . )
i have a strong chewer and this keeps her busy . she has to work to get the treats out of it .
our labrador , has been chew nylabones for many years , they are the closest thing to indestructible . our dog loves the larger size .
my tank has benefited from this product its wonderful now i have a seachem addiction . i have bought more of their products since this .
good size pieces of freeze dried liver . few small bits or dust common in some other brands . resealable bag is handy .
this is just what i needed to hold my older kitty's dish high enough for her comfort . i'm quite pleased .
the first one we ever tried and its absolutely easy to use once you master the art of clipping the nails without trying to trim too much .
i have two small dogs and these are perfect for those little nails . easy to grip and trim painlessly and quickly .
this is so cute , everyone stops and stares at my dog to marvel at how cute she looks when we are at the dog park
i would recommend this product to anyone who has kittens who seem to get into everything.this is the greatest way to teach your animals .
helped my puppys ears to keep them clean of debris and infection . i highly recommend it .
i use these as a sunday treat . my four dogs line up in eager anticipation .
i like having the choice of which door opening to use , it aids in the placement of the crate in the right position .
these are not the original sand perches that we used to buy . now just plastic with some kind of grit glued on .
my cat is very particular about what he eats . he will only eat food made from fish . this is the only brand he will eat .
best pet bowl around and nice large size for almost any size pet even dogs and cats ... very sturdy clamps
but ultrasonic . this was a waste of money . cheap , doesn't stop any of the doug's barking . i read the reviews and didn't listen .
i am amazed how well this works . i like that it is natural . i don't feel drugged or out of it . simply relaxed ...
this is very small , not a medium sized cat pan at all , the dimensions are inaccurate and should be noted as small .
my dog loves this product . he waits for it everyday . i keep buying it to help keep his teeth healthy .
surprised me when it also came with a carry case . it's a great price and i recommend it to anyone .
we stopped using it because it is difficult to keep the laser beam form potentially getting into the kitten eyes . the kittens did like though .
these are very nice . i get about a month's worth because i only have one dog that is equivalent to two little ones .
this detangler works great on my shih tzu that has a fuzzy not a silky coat . it helps keep down tangles for a week .
my dog chewed this item off her tag within an hour after putting it on her tag .
nice size and thick . works well . keeps the itter off the carpet . it's easy to clean glad i found it .
my dog likes it a lot she plays with it until the squeaker goes out from her biting on it
i love this product . such a great price here and it looks wonderful in my kitchen and is the perfect size for my boston terrier .
not only do they release too easily , they will not " lock " in the first place . very disappointed . would not recommend to anyone .
nice quality . looks nice with decor in our dining room . so soft and well made . our cat likes it just doesn't use it that much .
the cats love it . one of our skittish cats love's this . with pillows on top they love to sleep on it . easy installation too .
i love it for all my fish , but especially for the smallest mollies . they seem to thrive on it and i haven't lost a mollie yet .
my fish and frogs love this food.it arrived on time and has quite a lot of food for a decent price.far cheaper that i have seen in the stores .
i tie this feather on the end of a weighted fishing line , ( norelco fishing pole ) and my cats will chase it for hours !
took cat to the vet and he didn't have any worms . guess the wormer is working great ! think i will use this in future .
my border collie is a power chewer so i gave this a try . come to find out she prefers moose antler to elk antler .
well made and a good size . my pup should get allot of use out of this . i wold recommend it to medium dog breeds or puppies .
huge supply holder holds up to 1 gallons of food solid construction and build nice stainless steal holding tank great and easy to clean .
these are a good size for my 40lb dog to use and don't take up any space at all in her backpack .
if your cat is having trouble with dealing with other animals , or has a hyper streak , this product works well to mellow them out .
arrived on time . love the color and the material . it looks fantastic on my black lab . i would highly recommend it
it is a great travel bowl for small dogs , i would loved it for a big dog , but it doesnt work for him
refer to my previous reviews for detail . i continue to order these because they work for me and kitty cat .
economy size water conditioner for your fish . no issues at all with treating my tap water . larger size pricing is good .
first time cat owner , rescued smokey during hurricane sandy . i truly believe the comfort zone helped him adjust to being a full time indoor cat .
i recently tried another highly recommended brand , and my conure wouldn't eat it . he likes the zupreem natural . i would recommend it to other bird owners .
great toy , but toy will not last long with a pet that likes to chew . a tougher material on the exterior would make this a must buy .
ordering again because breath treats at the store are way to expensive , dog still likes them so i'll keep buying
my rabbits love these mats . the chewing keeps them busy and they have so much fun . the mat is relatively inexpensive and very functional .
best hood on market . i would recommend this to anyone who has a aquarium and wants the best lights on your set up .
this is great for gill function and adding some pep to your fish buddies after a water change or if they seemed stressed .
i buy this cat food for a private shelter for cats . the cats love this food and quickly become healthy and happy .
orphaned kittens drank this down . they had no digestive problems while on it . i love kmr and will use again .
comes with a vial of catnip to fill and refill the toy . cat is very happy with it . biggest problem is keeping it away from the dog !
these are the best treats i've ever found , keeps my dog happy and focused , tho he does eat them a lot faster than he used to :)
this is perfect to contain the odors of the litter box and very nice andeasy to use . i love it !
these work well for clipping mats out of cats and dogs . be very careful when clipping mats from a persian--their skin is very thin .
definitely not for larger breeds even if they're puppies . she tore though it after 10 minutes and it is ruined ans useless .
my two dogs love this dental treat and devour them in no time . the price was exceptional at the time of purchase .
zack and zoey fur baby clothes are so nice . they are well made and usually the size is right.much cheaper than the pet stores .
simply the best . not much more to add except my dogs love it and the ingredients are well worth the price .
this was recommended to me by someone with 3 cats--and it has been so continuously good and has the sardines which help them .
this bed is good for a small to medium sized dog , nice color , washable . color matches pic . dogs like it .
my dogs love them ( no choking problems ) . they do clean their teeth and they are less expensive online then buying them at the vet .
my dog likes both cherries and duck and will eat them separately , but quickly lost interest in these . not sure why ?
cheap easy to buy whats not to like fish enjoy it at least they are eatring it and since my fish doint talk i dont know how much they like
my cat turns up her nose to almost all treats . she's extremely finicky . however , she loves these treats and they help with her bad cat breath .
these are easy to assemble , the cats use them and we own 8 of them now.highly recommend to anyone with cats . this is a great item .
have been using these filters for several years . the cats love the running water so will continue to by these filters for mydrinkwell .
this toy is a nice idea , but the sounds it makes are low , and our dogs don't pay any attention to it .
product works great for my dogs , not adverse reactions , and it is about 20 % less than getting through my vet .
we have small dogs . these are just the right size , without a lot of calories , for treats when they do their tricks
we have a ~ 100lb rescue mix and he loves this toy . he loves sticks anyways , so this is now his inside stick ...
does its job and doesn't smell to strong or bad . too bad it came leaking in the box . luckily most of it was okay .
twenty more words required . great little toy to change it up with the kitties . fun egg , four more words , yaaaay !
the actual tube i received has a different packaging . although it is not what it is shown on the website , my cat does not seem to care .
this is my puppy favorite squeak toy . good quality product , made in usa , not some piece of junk . she loves it brings it to bed .
i knew i made the right choice when i decided to buy this & add this to my fx5 filter .
both my cats are gravy lovers , and this recipe has lots of that ! i think it is their favorite variety .
seems like it last longer than when you buy the small little bottle , and it really lkeeps the water good .
my dogs love these and they don't become as mushy and gummy like regular rawhide does .
love zuke's , made in the usa and the perfect size for training . we usually break them in half and our dog can't get enough of them .
i can only vouch for my dog ... he loves them and has had greenies for years
i have a bichon . this tooth brush is way too bigfor his mouth . if you have a small breed type , look elsewhere ... pretty colors though .
this was a cute toy but it doesn't " talk " very long and my dog likes the koala and cow much better .
these treats are fairly healthy and work well for my private training sessions . dogs love them , and so do my clients .
my dog loves them and shes picky plus with duck and yam there very healthy and last a long time
the price is right . they work well for training puppies or dogs who are pee pad trained . the quality is good .
is very effective for my border collie / labrador mix . sometimes hurts her when i run it over the shoulder blades and other bony prominences .
it's hard to watch small dogs , so this works great . dog can run and i don't have to stress anymore .
the cat genie is an awesome piece of equipment and makes my house not smell like a cat lives here .
my two gr 10 month old puppies just love this feast . crunching it all day long . will order an extra bag so i don't run out .
my dog loved this toy but as soon as he killed the squeaker it was all over . why can't they make better squeakers ?
nylabones are awesome for our black lab .. he is a very vigorous chewer and these really hold up well . highly recommend !
my dog loves this stuff . its better than pushing a pill down her throat . i recommend this product . thank you
my dogs ran from the smell . smokehouse duck and chicken for them . this purchase was a waste of money . first bad product from smokehouse
love this product and i will now refuse to live without it ever again . it completely eliminates litterbox odors and keeps my bathroom smelling fresh .
didn't fit , too big , fell apart the first time i put it on my little dachshund and took him for a walk .
i don't love the smell but neither does the dog so it really has helped to cut down on her barking .
it fits well and has a padded snout - much more comfortable . my dog didn't fight it once it was on , which made me happy !
this scratcher is solid and seems like it will hold up for awhile , and the toy on top provides a nice motivation for the kiddos to climb .
my puppy would not pee on these so i think it wasn't worth my money if they did i think i would of like
my dog loved it way more than me but we have certainly had loads of fun.just bought another , we're both hooked
sometimes i use it alone , sometimes with toothpaste for my cat . it " s good . she doesn't abject . have used it for 7yrs now .
love these for my puppy . i cut then down the middle and stick them in the blue kong that has the treat openings .
friskies canned cat food is a great product ~ i have had many cats through the years and each one loves friskies ~ ~
good product . they seem to last a pretty long time . my dogs really loved them . thank you for having something made in the usa .
i expected it to be more effective at removing the skunk smell . does not do the job it is advertised to do .
i have never had a scoop this well made it makes cleaning the litter tolerable , but it is never a joyful experience ! !
this piping works great . it does everything its supposed to do . fits nicely on my air pump and my aerating stone .
i bought these with a coupon using subscribe and save which made them cheaper than my local grocery store . good quality with long shelf life remaining .
put it in the dishwasher once and it will rust . have to hand wash , not very handy . great idea , poor materials .
great filter for 55 gallon tank . i've been using a smaller filter for way too long . this price is unbeatable .
my dogs are heavy chewers and i probably would not purchase this again . i haven't found a nylabone that can stand up to them .
i have three dogs with tender tummies . racheal ray's dogfoods agree with all three of them ! they all like it , too .
my cats wont play with it , so it wasnt worth the money to me , but all cats are different , so maybe yours will like it .
we have two puppies and they love these . we got the hedgehog and the sheep . my only complaint is that they fight over these !
my dogs absolutely love them ! i give our dogs one each night and they howl and shake and dance around until they get it !
the zymox products are wonderful . we've used them on all our dogs with great results . one has sensitivities to shampoos and these products are non-irritating .
this light did not work at all . i had 2 dogs and a cat at that time and none of their markings showed !
this net is far too large to catch brine shrimp with . greatly disappointed .
may seem a little weird to buy your dog stitched happy birthday balls but you should . very low price and a great squeaker ball
my cat does not object to purina one cat indoor advantage ; i would purchase this for him again . wish it had a better seal .
the rabbits love this and they are wild ones . will have to order more to keep up with their use of this
been using bio-spot for years . i treat my yard in early spring for fleas and bugs and apply bio-spot to dogs every month - no fleas or ticks .
these did not deter any of my five cats at all . don't waste your money on this product . not worth it
this is a great bargin if you have a lot of fish and i do and all my fish enjoy this flake and do well on it .
dogs like it , use it sometimes , they have so many toys they get confused ! ! ! it has held up well with limited use .
can never have enough cat toys ! we keep a big basket full for our cats . our youngest loved these toys ! so did our foster kittens !
teething puppy - cannot get enough . he did destroy it eventually , but he really loved it . kept him busy for quite some time .
good ingredients , much better than tradition dog treats . our dog is 13 now and i want to keep her as healty as possible for a long life
i have always liked old mother hubbard treats and these are good . i still prefer the just vegg'n ones . but they are fine
these batteries work as expected . you don't have many options for batteries but these seem to last for a while .
very good and efficient product but they rip and get used up a lot . i prefer muttluks that last and do a better job of protecting the feet
secure and comfortable , she struts in her new harness . have another one we purchased years ago and they are well made .
works very well in the fountain that i bought for my cats . thank you . i look all over and couldn't find the proper moter
he loves the lumps and bumps of the continents on the ball and it bounces unpredictably ! he plays with this for hours , sometimes without me !
my fox terrier has some teeth problems and prefers soft treats sometimes over hard treats and she really like these .
elvina and fella get this as a treat in the evening and seem to like it . i rotate among the flavors
this is good for your aquarium to have around . especially when you need to have quarantine tanks set up . it helps keep your fish comfortable .
perfect kennel for my growing puppy . well made construction and easy to put together . i would recommend for your large breed doggies .
check the size before ordering . it is a nice little harness but too small for my babies . ill keep it though and find another one it fits .
our kitties love these . they scratch on them until the cardboard is destroyed.then they like to nap on them and play with the ball in the track
an excellent product that does exactly what it claims . lasts a while and keeps the critters i don't want terrorizing my dogs away from them .
my mom used this for her puppies and i use it now . it's got a great , long lasting scent and gets my puppies clean .
does what it says it will do . no more heavy tears . i use it once per day at her evening meal .
my mini rex bunny doesn't like these at all . they end up out of his cage & my cats play soccer with them .
the springs rust , the plastic handle breaks as well making this impossible to use . maybe they shouldn't make it out dollar store plastics and bread tie metal .
the zebra got a haircut first thing , then the legs and now it just lays in the yard , puppies won't play with it anymore .
this fountain mat is very sturdy and its large it fits with more then enough room to catch the water that might spill over.yes i would recomend this product
my mom had one and her cats use it all the time so i got one . i only found it here for a great price .
i keep buying this brand as it works and the bigger one is better buy . try to dns gallon size but don't see it much .
i have 3 cats and they seem to enjoy it ! ! it's not too bulky and awkward for our living room . overall good purchse , but definitely overpriced
i love this bowl holder and it looks awesome with our floors ! i've had it for about 5 months now with no problems !
it scares the animals in my grooming shop , and the tip is hard to get on . i would not buy this product again .
i love these toys , i buy them a lot my dog loves them . they are very good quality and i would buy them again and again
love this item just hate that all the feathers came out within the first 3 days of owning it .
the product may be good but it is of little use if the pump spray of the bottle is practically useless .
this is the only chew stick we give our dogs ! ! they can tolerate the chew stick and is wonderfully digested .
my 8 month old lab pup has not been able to chew this one up ! she is a very active chewer !
my 8 month old german shepherd mix destroyed this one almost immediately . i had not expected this from a kong toy . not going to buy this again .
my german shepherd has a great time playing with this jolly ball all the time . he plays with it by himself all day ! !
i have purchased all the flavors and our dog enjoys them all . i like the size for calorie control and the ingredients don't include any junk !
both my dogs liked this initially and now don't ever touch it .. not sure what happened .. maybe the bacon smell disapeared ?
they fit good , light weight wash really well girls dogs dont mind it at all ... not like some of the other heavy ones
durable and fun toy . it no longer " giggles " but my 3 dogs still enjoy it . jw pet makes durable toys .
gave this to a friend's dog for christmas and it was a big hit ! thanks for a very cute toy !
my cats love it and if they love it i love it . easy to put together and great price compared to the pet store .
you can find these in pet stores at double the price . these are the same high quality pens for insanely low prices and they always ship very fast .
one is timid and one is aggressive , but they share with this toy . most fun you can have for the price .
petstages felt friend cat toy well yes she loves it seems to like the size of it gets a good grip of it
love merrick puppy food ! this is great for them when they're beginning to eat because the pieces are small ! great !
every morning after breakfast they line up for their gels . the difference in their coats is stunning . i highly recommend .
love it , use it daily for my 5 dogs and it gives them a great looking coat . worth a try .
i like this tray , but my very small dog ( under 5 pounds ) outgrew it by the time she was 4 months old .
my cats love this toy , but they do get board of it after a couple minutes because the pattern is so repetitive .
my dog loves these , but most places around us only sell packs of 5 . i was so excited to find them in a large quantity .
a lot of glucosamine products i have used have fillers and things you don't need . this does not . it's perfect for my pet and he loves it .
i have a year old puppy that can tear thru anything flat . so far it has held up to a strong puppy jaw
my two doxies love these joint treats . good quality product ( without preservatives ) at a good price . i break them in half as a night-night treat .
the raincoat is a little to big for my toy yorkie . made with good quality material and really waterproof . i love the hood .
i thought this would make a great toy for my puppy . the doll is small and i didn't realize that it squeaks ! even better . great buy !
use the drinkwell fountain premium replacement filter 3 - pack for my cats waterfountain ! water is clean / pure for them ! cats love fresh cold water everytime !
works as described . good product . got rid of my dog's ear issue . better than other products i've used . try it .
not sure why but the flat one gets more use than this incline one ... cats are picky ! oh my ... not sure why .
i bought two of them ... one for my cat container and one for my dog container . easy to grip and plastic is durable and sturdy .
i am shocked at the negative reviews . i really like this cat litter.it has a mild , pleasant scent and really clumps .
when we take our little girls for their walk , we must take these treats along or they will sit down , now tell me thats not spoiled .
great and sturdy toy ! our boxer who can chew through anything has this toy still in one piece .
this contains canola oil . google it and you will see it is not good for you or your dog . it isn't natural and is poisonous .
the only important thing around here is keeping the cats happy and this toys did the job nicely . soft with a crackly sound keeps the various ages entertained .
keeps water bowl fresh and free from pollen , dirt , and bugs . i highly recommend the replendish dish and filters , especially if you water outside .
works great to standard pet food cans , good plastic , goes to the dishwasher , easy to use and clean .
this was beautiful but even the small was way too big for my 2 lb teacup pom . please make a smaller version .
the best product ! no more collecting bags from the grocery store ! one refill lasts us at least 6 weeks , and that's with 2 cats !
my dog is enjoying this food . i haven't tasted it , but the product looks good and i can see that he finds it delicious .
sure beats cleaning up the old fashioned way , scooping out the old litter and wrapping it up for disposal . cats love it also .
works well . the switch is a membrane switch so it doesn't always turn on with a timer . besides that it works good on my fuge
one of our dogs loves balls and the other loves frisbee ... this is the perfect combo for our pups !
worked wonders . and pretty quickly with using less than the recommended dose . i only wish i'd known about this larger size first .
i use these for my expressive cat . i also use them like tablecloths on the floor under her food bowls . these pads are lifesavers for my carpets .
easy to work with and does the job . i keep it next to the litter boxes and a short spray after cleaning out the boxes does the trick .
i have a feeling this one won't hold up that long , but you never know . they love to fling this toy around .
very cute and fits my dog perfectly . it was worth the money in my opinion . pretty heavy material too so keeps dog warm .
these bags work well . my only complaint is that they are a bit thin . it's my second order of them and i haven't found a better replacement .
these bags are great ! we use them daily and they are strong . just the right size for small , medium or large piles of poo .
my little dogs love these treats . they are hard to fond in the stores so i am thrilled to get them online .
size is appropriate for most bags.lid screws on easily and no problem with the threads matching up.appears very strong and should last a lifetime .
exactly what i wanted . measures the salinity of my salt water tank perfectly . glad i bought this . cant wait to set everything up !
stuff animal not as big but puppy likes to pull and shake at it as if its an animal . great toy for puppy who currently in teething phase
my 13 pound dog does not chew on her stuffed toys but she really liked to gnaw on this instead of chasing it . i took it away .
the large chuckit ! balls are the perfect size for my adult golden retriever . no worries about choking like a tennis-size ball .
my 3 small dogs love these , be aware they are much softer than rawhides , and for my dogs they are gone in about 20 minutes .
waste of money , thought it was like a kong but it was plastic , dog was not interested in it at all
i buy these often . we have a husky , golden retriever and lab mix , all large dogs . they love these chew bones
my cairns didn't care much for these ... just not used to the salmon flavour , i guess.they get cooked chicken every day so they're pretty spoiled .
please read the following research report.this stuff is poison to your pet , don't harm your pets please.the ingredient lufenuron is harmful . [ ... ]
new kitten likes fancy feast food . she likes chicken and fish . the gravy is a bonus . i am on auto ship for this product .
the small is very small and the medium is just too big . it's impossible to size my miniature chihuahua . he isn't fitting into any of these
this was a good toy and my dog has not destroyed it - a good price and quality of product .
this is a great toy ! unfortunately , my dog does not agree , she prefers a flimsy squeaky toy that is falling apart , go figure !
within 20 min . my dog had pieces off . i need chew toys that can stand up to an aggressive chewer .
he hasn't chewed through it yet ! so far so good . he is a big doggy so we'll see how long it lasts .
this product complies exactly what it promises . my fish love this food .. the new life products are excellent . recommend the use of this product .
my dogs liked it at first but snubbed their noses after tasting the chicken flavors available . i will only buy the chicken now .
five bucks for a ten cent item . who would a thunk it ? tweezers work so much better .
good size for big dog , nice quality , and easy to clean . i am happy with this purchase as are my dogs . lol
yes , it was entirely what i expected . i have used it before . it was recommended by my vet for my dog .
how light intensity plants are grow strong . i've had to trim them twice already . lights the aquarium very well . awesome small and strong
the rings have stood the test of my boxer in the yard . she immediately played with it and i am pleased with quality , would recommend this
cat will come from nowhere with it and will want to play catch and retrieve . safe items . glad we bought them
very quiet and nice looking tooi really liked this model and was looking for something that wasn't too big or cheap looking.this definitely gets the job done .
our cocker spaniel loves this . but we keep laughing when we hear it--i would keep it just for the fun we've had .
my dogs do not seem to be really interested in these . maybe an enhanced flavor throughout the poroduct would help ?
it smells better than any other dog wash , actually quite sweet . it was thick ( not thinned by water ) . will buy again
some of our cats liked this a lot and it is easy to use . i actually sent one to my niece-cat ! !
i think calling it medicated is a bit of a stretch but it is soothing . it has a nice scent .
our tina loves these things . she will keep at it until she gets them out of her ball good for her teeth also .
did not see any noticeable difference using this on my dog . i bought the spray along with it and it didn't work either .
the cats have good curiousity over this toy and like batting the ball and watching it and perhaps think they cat catch it ..
these stuck to the walls of my tank just fine and seem to work well . they're fairly easy to read and were a good deal .
these are a great idea for getting your dogs to take medicine without them knowing about it . they like them as treats ..
my fish love this as a snack , and my smaller fish appreciate it . i highly recommend this for smaller fish ( not only fry ) .
this is a heavy duty , very well made leash . the lower strap is really helpful to keep an excited dog under control .
it fits my table and very sturdy and adjustable . it will keep my dog still while i clip his hair .
my 5 kitties went crazy for them . a big hit for better health . i bought them for my fiv , feline leukemia kitty .
this is a great product . it's highly palatable , easy to use and packed for nutrients . my dog loved the taste and used it with no problem .
my small pit loves the kong toys . sometimes she rips through them too fast but of all of her toys , the kong toys are the most durable .
i ordered this vest for my 45 pound australian shepherd . it fits her very well and keeps her safe in the water .
were suppose to get a holder , came without holder , just the bags , got 5 bucks back , but still had to go purchase a holder .
i attach this to my rabbits cage so she can have tons of room to run around and play and not be cooped up in her cage all day .
these are great for quick clean ups for muddy paws from snowy / wet yard . we keep then by the backdoor for when we come in from outside
it upsets their tummies sometimes , but that is on rare occasions . they seem to like the food . nicely priced . cheese
the dog destroyed this in 5 minutes . this is cheap and not durable at all ! i would not buy this again .
you can't beat it for the price ! soft , supple , atttractive . i use it in the back of my supercrew cab .
could never get our frenchie to use this . i really should have returned it - might work with a smarter less stubborn dog .
i keep searching for cat food my cat will eat , but this one failed the taste test that my maine coon gave it .
you can't go wrong with the cat dancer . i buy it for my clients , and keep 2 in my home for my own cat .
very good quality and my grey started playing with it right away . this should last her a while =) lol
every time i use it in pack n bag it tears the bag open ! { t says fits all but is not for all .
my dog had no problem pulling the yellow covering off ... took about 30 seconds.oh well ...
my cats like this .. not to dry .. some are to dry.no liquid .. i love buying online.the red salmon flavor is hard to find
i really like the dog bed and the dogs have no problem sleeping / lounging on it and it is also easy to clean .
fun toy for my 3 dogs but the squeakers never last . the balls are durable though and the dogs can't destroy them .
these are not only adorable but pretty darn tough ! my mini dachshund loves his zippy paws . we highly recommend them to everyone !
very similar to hach strips . fast , easy and accurate . good place to start troubleshooting a water source .
good fit and everything i hoped it would be . lightweight for my dog and he doesn't mind it like some heavier collars ! love the color too !
i can fit a few of thes quite nicely in my purse when i walk my dog . they smell nice and they're just the right size .
well made dog toy ! have a young doberman and he has not laid this down since we got it ! really well made and can take tough play .
my 10 months old beagle chewed out the blue ridges within an hour . i found the blue ridges in her feces the next day . i returned it .
these chews do calm my cat a little . she s a very unsecure cat and it helps her alot.and she also loves them
our dog liked these and they kept her busy for a while . i can't remember , but i think they are made in china .
my dog loves these cookies . one of her favotite treats and they are the perfect size for her . 40lb dog
this is my 3rd replacement flap for the door that i have had for over 12 years ! i wish the rubber on my car lasted that long !
its a scoop ... not much to review on this one . seems to be sturdy and matches our kibble holder perfectly
my service do loved it alot and it was fun to watch her play with it . we played fetchit and she loved it alot .
the price is economical . product is very easy to use . i noticed a difference in my dogs coat and her itching has mostly stopped .
my cats love running through this tunnel , but they don't really care to much for the toys hanging in it hahaha
my little dog loves this toy , it has squeaks at bith ends ! that was a surprise and great fun for my dog . he loves it .
healthy for my cat and that's what matters most . only saved a little bit , but hard to find large bag in stores .
bought these to train my dog . he loves them ... i am not a good trainer . they have become treats .
durable and sturdy for small to mid-sized dogs . my corgi puppy does not attempt to break free by pushing or jumping over .
quality is not great for the price , would not buy again . you can find a similar item for less money and better quality .
the dispenser worked great for mesmall and convenientthe bags aren't flimsythe scent is goodand it's recycled ! ! i'm definitely buying these again !
yeowww makes the best catnip toys . they are durable and potent and provide months of play for your feline friends .
just what i wanted and on time . product is perfect for my little dog . arrived in perfect shape and on time .
i got a bunch of these as stocking stuffers around christmas and this one was ok . the rest of the stuff was ridiculusly tiny .
i get so many compliments and it also protects your dog from the sun , great purchase it will last your dogs lifetime
this cat tree was easy to assemble and quite large . my cats love it and enjoy hours of play and sleep time on it .
this is a good , well priced product - my cat seems to really like it and uses it everyday . i recommend this product
my dog likes to sniff the pads . i would highly recommend this product . i think these are the best ones on the market .
my dog absolutely loves this toy ! he's easy to clean and i will definitely be buying more of these little guys !
i have a very picky eater but she is crazy about these ! zukes has become her favorite choice in treats !
this is the very first scratching post that our cats have immediately taken to . very happy with it ... and would recommend it to anyone with cats !
i like the ingredients used to make this treat . better than most other options out there . our cats liked it , but not their favorite .
i have not had to use it yet but just in case when i do the dog dremel on them
my cat just loves this she crys for me to giv you some everyday an she knows wear box is
dogs love them , they sure went fast , just the right size for a quick treat . too bad they don't come in a 500 pack .
my cats love this toy . they will catch it and try to carry it off and hide it . they are so cute .
i can't say how well this works but it has the good bacteria in it to maintain an established aquarium .
i buy all of my science diet here . my yorkie loves it and he is super healthy
not meant for rough & tumble dogs , my lab puppy destroyed it almost immediately . may be ideal for smaller breeds .
it works ... the dogs / cats don't hate me when it's used on them ; it doesn't break the bank ; super easy to clean ears with this .
this is the best easiest harness to put on my cat the leash stretches so she doesn't feel tugging , great product
pup isn't that into this product yet . i think he will as he gets older , the dino is a little smaller then i imagined .
our aquarium recently went through a period of cloudiness . this is the only product that we've found that clears up the water and does so pretty quickly .
this is the ultimate post . plus the cat loves sitting on top of it . saved my furniture . it's been 4 years and it's going strong .
i always order this for our bob whites , and they seem to love it , i would recommend this brand to anyone interested !
our cocker spaniel loves this game , it is part of his nightly ritual.he said to give hit high marks.so five paws from the dog !
this brightly colored color is so cute on our male bichon . please order one size up as others have suggested .
the dogs have an easier time with this than the other kongs ; they have better access to the treats and dont get as frustrated .
we knew it was a 50/50 chance this would work . unfortunately it did not for our dog . she licked it after we sprayed it .
really like the small size media . don't have anything else to say . these reviews require too many words . that is all .
there is a lot of padding in the mat . perfect size for my dogs ( standard schnauzers ) and to line their crate . seems durable .
these pads are easy to use and very absorbent . they fit well in the pull out tray and do not bunch up .
good , sturdy lease . reliable . i don't worry about it falling apart of coming unclipped . probably better for a larger dog than a smaller one .
this is the best nail clipper you can ever buy . it cuts perfectly with ease . i have been using resco products for 30 years .
this product is very durable and would recommend to everyone i know . one of the few i have had that you can hit with a hammer .
again my dogs loves these treats . , they get one every night before they go to bed . they just love them
this is amazing my gerbls love it and i can moves the shelves around to create interest for them . it's easy to clean and offers multi levels
i don't know what is different about the cosmic , but my cats definitely prefer it over any catnip i have ever gotten them .
my cat loves this ... it was her christmas present and she adores it . it's her lounger ... her scratcher ... her go to play time toy !
hate to see how small the small size is ! order this and it was too small they should call this one small ! !
awesome price ! love being able to get my supplies all at once on here ! cats love using this fountain - not just for dogs !
keeps aquarium water crystal clear . really does what it says a must have in your upkeep arsenal . for the price why recharge
good collar for the price but a little large for our tiny papillon puppy . so hard to find the right size for toy dogs .
my little dog loved this - my lab ate the rubber off it when he couldn't get the treats / food out :(
recommended by our vet for my two little dogs . have been using for 8 years . will keep purchasing . received in a timely manner .
my dog enjoyed this toy , however , he is a powerful chewer and it didn't last very long in my house .
well worth the money . i don't know what else to say except i wish i had purchased this years ago .
i purchased 2 of these beds because my dogs would fight over them . my one dog is close to 100 lbs and she is quite comfortable on it !
when i sit at the computer to work , one of my two cats will sleep in the cat tree . they seem to love it .
it got the cat's attention right off , but the plastic tab holding the center button broke all too soon . sigh .
can are way too small for the taste . i use it to mix with other cans or give it out sparingly .
even if he's in one of his hyper moods , these treats clam him down , he also sleeps like a baby once he's had it !
my dog loves it , from when i first put it on her , she proudly structs it on , showing everyone her new sweater
our dogs have enjoyed them . one in particular chews them ... leaves it alone ... then comes back days later . not fun to step on though .
my cat loves it , i just have to give her one and she devours it and she is very finicky .
i have only tried the lavender version of this shampoo and it smells heavenly and gets my dog very clean and soft !
my dog loves these she would eat them as a meal if i let her this is the best deal going for these
just the right size for my 12 pound terrier mix . it is very sturdy and a good value for the price .
nothing - i mean nothing at all - works at removing cat hair from furniture like the fur fighter . no roller can touch what this pad does .
kitty didn't like it much after 5 min . not big enough to hold her interest . may get extensions . hope that works
my kitty has a rash and this stops him from chewing and scratching his flesh away . also use it for those stressful car rides , works great !
i love purchasing doggie games because they are so much smarter than we are and can figure it out in seconds .
dogs love these treats but would like if the pieces were smaller for easier serving . liver is a good , healthy treat for dogs and will order more !
my dog's groomer recommended advantage for the treatment of fleas . i find it works the best !
i'm not sure how this has so many good reviews . it was a complete waste of money . i returned it along with the spray
good for adding beneficial bacteria when cycling a new aquarium , but a waste of money if you use it as a tap water conditioner .
adopted 2 cats , very freaked out . this helped me encourage them to their new spot in the house and i'd swear they were more laid back .
these are small kongs , for small dogs . they are great items for dogs in crates - it keeps them busy and entertained .
my four month old lab fred is not into it yet . right now i use it to holds all his toys .
my dogs love these ... most healthy treat i've found so far and good for teeth cleaning ! i just wish there was no soy in them !
our giunea pig loves these ... we're on our third one , it gives shelter and statisfies his chewing needs ! works well !
my bunny broke it two days later to it's arrival . too light fro him , he brakes things while playing around .
my cats just love this , plays for hours with the sense ball.would recommned this to anyone with cats , it keeps them occupied for hours .
my dog is very responsive when i've got this bag out . he really seems to like anything peanut butter . recommended .
can fill with treats to keep dog busy during the daycan throw and will bounce off centrewill floatis a favorite by me and the dogsfantastic product
this package is a good deal and the doggie loves his pup-peroni's . packaging is great because you can seal and re-use .
very disappointing . the cat likes most lasers but this one it is too noisy . he avoids it like the plague .
after using another top line of similar product that ended up harming my cat and not solving the flea issue , i turned to advantage with no regrets .
this definitely ran small and does not fit . i think it would be pretty sweet if it did fit though .
nice bowl . heavy enough so the the pooch doesn't slide it around . i would buy another when the need arises .
not a fan of scented products for my dog generally , but this face cleanser has a pleasant smell and is tearless . pleased with purchase .
the clicker type training didn't work nearly as well as just giving a treat at the time of obedience .
keeps the ticks off my dogs , seems to work well as i have not found any more ticks to remove lately .
dog loves it and it does give me flashbacks of " oh no " so far it has held up well so we will see
our dog's love the flavor and tolerate having their teeth brushed daily because of the taste . so far , it seems to be keeping their teeth plaque free .
i love honest kitchen . the dog loves this and it is lower calorie to help her get rid of pudge .
instant rejuvenation ! ! i have a dog who is reluctant to drink when traveling--this stuff perked him up immediately
i really like these puppy pads , they are good quality . i just wish the prices would not fluctuate so drastically on amazon .
easy to fill up . only wish my dog would use it vs chewing up the cat toys . good product just a difficult dog ,
my frenchie loves these balls . they are small enough for him to grab and super bouncy . i do not have the chuckit ! .
diamond brand is the best deal i've found on high quality dry food that my cats like . simple as that .
only $ 13.92 at wal-mart . about the same price as wal-mart is kroger's . this is way too high a price to pay .
the cats love this scratcher . they love the incline and scratch it all the time . have bought 3 of these now .
i love this collar & it seems to be very comfortable for my dog.extremely prompt service was very much appreciated .
this is one of the best halters ! ! it works for dogs that pull , but also can be very gentle for a nervous dog too
center collapses and confuses cats . they prefer the long , straight tunnel type . even when i connected them was a no go .
great food for fry , a healthy and nutritious way to start your fish off with , has everything they need in the early days of there development .
these pads were okay and the dogs did seem to go on the target at first . i am sticking to my old brand though .
the scoop is marked with 1/2 cup and 1 cup . well made with thick plastic . would be willing to recommend
the pieces can be small and my dogs down them in minutes , wanted something to amuse for at least a few minutes more than these give
i don't have it up yet , right now just lying on floor , with the other two pieces i got that match it .
our two little ones , hartz and bella , love this ! i would definitely recommend this product for your guinea pigs ! the price is also good .
my dog loves this toy . i bought a bunch of these . it is her favorite toy . it is of decent quality .
hygrotherm works great and is a must have for the health of your pet . does a great job at helping freate a rain forrest .
we get such a kick out of seeing out little dog chase this . and the baking sound that it makes just tickles every one in the room .
seem to me it helps my 2 dogs walking better i don't see them limping . they like to chew tablets . i would recommend to who loves dogs
one of my cats comes running any time they hear a key chain now ! got three of these laying around the house .
junk ! ! ! it was broken right out of the box . i would not buy this heater again . i am upset i bought it .
these do tend to last a long time . not easy for them to consume . they do have a wood smell to them . i would purchase again .
this bed is great , my dog loves it , it seems to be standing up her use pretty well overall and is relatively easy to keep clean .
i use this after giving my pups a bath .. it smells great and cleans excess water from their ears ... i also use in between baths .
my dogs love these organic treats ! ! ! i love that they are healthy , organic and wheat free ! made in the usa ! !
this is a good price for these . not much else to say about them really . they fit in the litter box and contain cat poo .
no dog tummy issues ... seems to be good quality . holds less than a can but , is a little easier for the dog feeding process
i really like this size of the material . not too small.it helps keep the tank water clean.does what it is designed to do .
this is like a kids tee except it is for your dog and frankly i think it goes better with the dog .
one of the cats ' favorite toys . so simple but they love it . every cat i've ever seen with this has loved it .
nice heavy toy , great color . our dog loves to chew and has not managed to eat this one . she likes it !
traps litter too well that its kind of a pain to clean . that being said i cant ding it that much for doing what it is supposed to .
best iv found works fast and 95 % acc to chemical test exp saltwater alkalinity test could be way off depending on the salt u use
my little rescued doggie loves these , but i am getting worried about products from china . no problems with this order though .
go figure - these little things are a little stinky to me but my pug loves them ! i like that they're made in the usa also .
great product especially if you purchase as a set with the collar and lead . i would recommend to anyone for their dog .
the grass grew just fine . the cat nibbled at it . it faded after about a week . i think that i would buy it again .
i have a strong chewer and this toy had to be thrown away after about 5 minutes because he had bitten a couple pieces out of it .
i got this shipment on time and my cats like the taste ! worked very well and now my cats want it all the time .
great product , works great , applied per instructions , killed fleas for about thirty days like it says , i put this on my akita and are lab .
works to clean the tank . i wish they lasted a bit longer but i guess they will do for now :)
my cats love this toy . the squeak noise it makes is very realistic and it seems to entice my cats to play with it .
niko , my gsd loves these treats and the seem to be gentle on his stomach . i also like the teeth cleaning benefits .
good length and very sturdy . easy to assemble and keep dog or puppy close . good product for value , thank you
i have only tried once on one of my cat , but somehow i think nothing is changed . he is still very energetic .
my dog doesnt really like it because is kinda hot material , but it works really good for protecting your seat when your pet is wet
like the ingredient list and my 12 year old pug likes it . way more affordable then other brands . i'd recommend .
this brush seems to create an electrostatic charge when you're using it - must be the tpr rubber . i've found it to work great !
my lab loves these ! they're a bit pricey for a dog treat , but they are harvey's favorite . he loves them .
this is a very fun toy . it stretches which makes for fun tug games . it has no stuffing , so no loose stuff should a hole appear .
i got this for my sisters little guys after she adopted her 2nd , they absolutely love it and it takes a beating ! they cuddle with it every night
i was primarily looking for something less dusty , and this was slightly less than my previous brand . i probably won't buy again .
nice toy , but not one of my four cats will play with it . i know , cats are finicky and maybe your cat will play with it .
use a pill pocket and you're in business . i use them with my two cats in addition to a topical treatment .
the appearance is great , but my cats are not interested in it . they love the messy ones - cardboard inclined scratchers .
both ralphie and mouse love playing with these , and i've spotted them more than once carrying them around . i got them with faux fur .
my five cats just love this particular scratching post especially my beautiful red coon stardust , she always beats it uphighly recommend
it is beautiful and will last forever . the best made scratcher i've ever seen . my cat loves it.and it looks great in my apartment .
great product , fresh and smells great . kaytee is a great brand of hay or grass to purchase . great for tortoises .
bothe my retrievers love to chew these to bits and it cleans their teeth the whole time . does not give them constipation .
my puppy really loves these , they are great for the kong puppy toy and are very palatable for my puppy .
i don't use carbon very often , but its nice to have on hand , these packs are pretty good sized and polish up the water quickly .
sheesh - what's with the " trout " ? ! ? it's like a jail-break when i put this stuff out ! ! cat's love this stuff ! !
an easy way to help your cats dental problems . probably best to use it along with brushing their teeth but at least they eat them .
it works great , as you'd kind of suspect ! the ties then become a loop to hook the bag to my bag holder .
i use this product to clean my dog's eyes an am pretty satisfied , but the true evaluation is nellie's , and she hasn't learned to speak yet .
i have 2 standard poodles one of whom is really picky about foodand even treats . but there's something about the goof balls thathe loves . i'd recommend them !
nice , large size scooper . works well with litterboxes and gets in corners without a problem . best scooper i have had thus far .
ordered 4 and the stitching on the blanket on the one that i opened was coming apart . this is a choke hazard for any cat or dog .
i was not satisified with this product at all , it was put together poorly , i mailed it back , i would not recommend this product to anyone .
it hasn't caught any fleas ... i guess theres none in my house :) but it has caught flies and water bugs
i tried this with my finicky puppy . she ate it but not all of it . i ended up getting embark instead .
my dog loved this toy , however she chewed it up during a chew up toys phase . she loves toys with all the arms to chew on .
it is not fitting my dog properly because i " planned ahead " on my lab's size , so i cannot give a better rating at this time .
i like the way the white hair really is white . i have used it for about a year on two havanese dogs who are 2 + years old .
i found this cat tree was priced reasonable and it is a good size , doesn't take up a lot of space.my cat loves it !
my chihuahua loves these ! they are the perfect size ! these keep her busy for hours and hours on end ! she loves to get to the middle !
they manage to always pick the pills out and weasle another pill pocket out of me.my forehead has " sucker " across it .
one cat loves the pate hates the shreds . one cat eats anything . i'll continue to subscribe and keep the pate coming . so convenient
this test kit works perfectly and with excellent precision not to mention that it is very advantageous to purchase the kit out instead of separate
got these for the dogs . they seem to love them . they don't even waste time digging and burying them . they eat them so nobody else can .
smells minty and helped my bettas after they had some fin problems . would buy again , didnt hurt my bettas at all
8 month old golden retriever loves it . hard biscuit good for chewing . breath seems much better afterbout one week . smaller breeds may have problem with hardness .
two dogs , neither of which have any interest in this . we have other nylabones that they like , but not this one .
great on keeping tank warm when needed at night time and offers great viewing for your nocturnal pets as well .
i've been ordering these treats for my dog , for months and she loves them ! free grain , which i'm happy too ...
we bought this test kit ( which is a necessity ) for any serious aquarium owner years ago , and still use it regularly .
this is a great scoop just wish the slots were narrower to get small pieces of funky litter out of the pan .
my dogs absolute favorite . she loves these and won't go to bed until she gets her greenie at night . much cheaper than i can buy locally .
excellent poop bags with plenty of space inside . the large roll seems to last a very long time . would recommend .
very small jarproduct workscame fastit work greatvery soothingmy dog did not mind me putting it on himlittle amount goes a long way
birdie loves it and spends a lot of time there admiring his good looks .. so happy i got it for him
not as well made as the boss shirt also advertised . i was disappointed with this shirt ... it was pretty ordinary and also didn't fit as well .
works well , fits great in my 30 gallon tank it keeps the water at the right temp and have had no problems with it .
these springs are very narrow and do not bounce as much as the larger springs . my cats were pretty disinterested in them .
next to no dust is what i was looking for . great clumping . never going back to the industrial respirator needing " dust bowl " days .
the bracket broke 2 days after installing it . needs to be rebuilt with better welds . hard to clamp bare handed .
my dogs love them , but they definitely do not last long . the cost is enough so for my dogs , they are given as a special treat .
i use this shampoo with the jp conditioner and spray and they work very well together . smells good and helps with my dogs ' itchiness .
no effect on my cat although he did not mind wearing the collar . he still shows aggression towards other cats and still sprays
this is my cats ' favorite food . they gobble it right up.the cans are just the right size . there is no waste .
i have tried to buy my cats " better " treats than pounce many times and they always turn their nose up . but they both love these !
it is a poop bag on a roll . what else is there to say ? they are convenient and thick enough that they doe not tear .
nice bowls and perfect size for a 13 pound chiweenie . i've only ever hand washed them but they are the perfect size for our dog .
my dog enjoys this food however for the price it is something that she will only get through vine .
jger heaters are very tough , they hold up well to attention from the dovii . they keep my temp stable and heat quickly when needed .
these cartridges are way overpriced and make a hell of a mess . you are constantly stepping on litter that gets tracked all over the house and furniture .
my cat loves these . they are just what they say they are and they have been durable so far ! i would buy more of these , definitely .
i love this harness ! it's so cute , it makes my puppy look so good . no need for clothes to look cute .
uh yeah this stuff will really lubricate your clippers so hard ! i am not sure what else to say . its blade lube . yawn .
its a big bag of healthy food for gerbils . i mean , what more is there to say ? ! recommended for purchase .
it's a fun toy and my dog loves it . the only problem is he can get all of the treats out in about 2 minutes or less .
this filter turned green within the first week . it may be my water tho . there is still stuff floating around the bottom part too .
they follow me around while chasing this . on of their favorites . highly recommend . it would be very easy to make this your self !
high quality , low tracking , great odor control . we have switched to this exclusively and it greats to have it delivered .
i purchase these for my dogs all of the time . a nice size for a quick treat and quality ingredients .
my dogs are getting older , sleep more often , i feel the vitamins are helping to give them a longer and healthier life
i have a toy box filled with chew toys for my dog and he often picks this moose to chew on . i would recommend this .
i chose this nylabone for its unique shape , and my dog loves it ! she carries it around in her mouth and is very happy .
dogs love this treat and good for them , good for their teeth , good for them , nice and easy to get them thru the mail
arrived on time , but when we went to turn it on , it did not work . now it is on my husband's work table for further examination .
this is a pretty sturdy toy and holds up to german shepherd jaws . it is very good at gliding , but i wish it would fly further .
my dog enjoyed it , but the rawhide rings do not last long enough . and not enough rings were provided with this toy .
too small , the size given was the exterior dimensions , was not what i expected at all , did not work for me
this is a great snack that is reasonably priced and good for your dogs.it keeps them busy and happy
my puppy loves these ! they really help with teething and nipping . our 10 week old puppy goes though about 2 a week
my platys love this stuff as well as any of the other tetra fish foods . this big can lasts me a long time .
i have nothing bad to say about this bone . it's lasted forever ( so far ) ... and my dog enjoys it when food-oriented toys are not around :)
too small for what i needed . i ended up sticking with my older one that has a larger hose on it .
we've been using this brand like forever , so it was nice to see a cheaper alternative to purchasing it on 1-800- petmeds . happy with my purchase !
this is a darling coat for winter for my 4 lb maltese . i liked the velcro tabs , too . an easy on-off .
nothing nastier from your cat than a hairball . glad to see greenies branching out . i don't know what's in them , but the cats love them ! !
just love the color and know that if my dog slips out of my had and takes off running , i can find her with the flashlight
great way to cut down on the washing of the tray - highly recommend if you are getting the booda dome
i always use these in kittys pet fountain . don't change them as often as recommended but when i feel they're ready for replacement . love the entire system .
my cat / s enjoy lounging on this warming pad . my only wish is that it had a power surger plug .
works great . follow directions and put a calender alert in your phone to replace it right when it starts to expire . easy peasy .
the blunt tip enables trimming without poking dog . the shears are sharp enough to cut hair easily . good product for small dog .
it seems dogs like the feeling of relive and protection on their paws.good for protecting them also against some volcano ashess .
very good quality , they give a good cut , easy to hold and easy to use . what else can you ask for ?
precise and easy to use . ollie allowed me to trim his legs and face without batting an eye . the tips do have protectors from accidents . quiet too
very nice leash . lube it well with saddle soap or mink oil on arrival and within a few uses it's soft and supple .
i got this toy for my power chewer . she did de-squeaker it pretty fast , but she still loves to play with it .
i needed this for a shrimp sanctuary . it works great for that . i don't even use the filter part to it .
disappointed this did not hold up very long . not made for chewers or pullers . mainly just for the puppy to cuddle with when they are sleepy .
works great on my 70lb goldendoodle , i am back to walking him rather than him walking me !
this is my puppy favorite chew toy . good quality product , , not some piece of junk . she loves it brings it to bed .
been through many it my day ... this one is large enough , strong enough and nice looking . the spaces are perfect too .
these filters i clean once every two weeks and replace them semi-annual ( every 6 months ) . also they are easy to clean .
great item and will order again . my dogs love to sleep in them and feel safe . great for small dogs .
none of the dogs would eat these treats , i still have the whole box , months later . i would not reccomend this treat .
i always have these for a quick treat ! i buy the little ones so i can give more to my two big dogs !
this is really a cute tee for my papillon . the fit is good and it gets lots of compliments when she wears it .
i have these glass super pet water bottles in numerous sizes . they work great for my pet rats . i have had no problems with leaks .
either they absorb or they dont these were ok , but the are small in size so not good for a big dog
my dog loves this toy and she hasn't eaten it all to pieces yet . very strong material and soft at the same time . would order again .
my three yorkies loves these chews . they don't even know that they are cleaning their teeth . great product ! ! highly recommended ,
when i get the pet i will use this but it looks as if it will do the job well .
this is o . k . for his dog friends , but too tame for my dog . i think it's fine for a " normal " dog .
i use it for the canned food of my pets , but also for mine , and they are great , and made of good quality materials .
worth it . easy to use and set up keeps water clean and cheaper than the normal replacement whenu factor inits reusable .
nothing bad to say ! ! love the sound its not to loud and the brass gives off an nice tone . perfect
i prefer these to the standard filters . always performs well . never had an issue . i will continue to use these filters .
super companion to raw feeding . my dogs love it , and it saves me hours and hours of work to make my own veggie / fruit mix .
i bought this along with the exo terra terrarium , and it came together very well . my frog is very happy with her home .
my cat doesn't like this flavor but all cats have different tastes . the fancy feast brand is good and my cat likes several other flavors .
keeps my dog busy and fed when i am trying to complete work on my computer . she really enjoys all kong products purchased so far .
too cruel.reverted to positive assoc . training.caused dog too much stress ... rather keep trusted , good relationship with my dog.so not worth it .
my older dog takes these . she has degenerative mylopathy . they were recommeded by my vet .
this is affordable and i have no cat box scent in my condo . my last bag lasted a whole month !
my ten pound puppy loves this toy . great for retrieving and chewing ! highly recommend for medium and large breed puppies !
this is such a neat idea for feeding pets , especially if you get home later than expected . very efficient . would recommend to other working adults .
the cat prefers to play with the rubber-like string more than he likes the actual toy at the end of the string .
this is truly a treat for my kitties . they absolute meow at me fiercy when they see the bag . it is so cute .
make sure you shorten it so your dogs don't fall in the gap between the console and the seat when you stop .. haha , poor stout .
does the job perfect . stays put . sturdy . easy to get the bowl in and out for refills . would definitely buy again .
very good quality , whole shrimp - not just broken up pieces & powder like some other brands . my cichlid loves these .
this suds up nicely and rinse easily and does not irritate pups ' skin . leaves my pugs smelly a lil less puggy . happy with the ingredient list .
my lab loves this thing , bouncing it crazily across the floor . when i stuff it with peanut butter , he is occupied for quite a while .
this doesn't really get thru my dog's hair / fur so to me , it's more of a toy than a grooming tool .
all the cats seem to have their own preferences so i can't guarantee that since my cat likes this brand , yours will .
i have an olde english bulldogge and she devoured it in minutes , ended up throwing it away because she ripped it up ! ! !
this was super easy to assemble , took about 30 seconds , like putting a sheet on a bed . the pooch was happy , we were happy .
my chinchillas love these , and it seems to be a lot cleaner than the hay everywhere . i will continue to purchase these .
pup loves to do tricks to be rewarded with the treats . i tend to pull them part due to the large size . very similar to human jerky !
i'm very happy with this adorable little shirt , my little teacup maltese looks so adorable in it , high quality and durable .
my african grey parrot loves these bites . they seem to be really healthy too . i am very pleased with them .
this tower is awesome . my wild bengals love it and play rough , but this tower can handle it ! excellent toy for wilder cats .
i bought this ball for my blind dog . unfortunately the sound is only sporadic so she still wasn't able to find it . bummer
the rabbit likes it and it's reasonably priced . the dust doesn't seem to be too much of an issue either .
good value pail and fits on kennel wire . it's also a good size for a big dog who spends time outside
i have a dog that has a compromised immune system . i was afraid to use the spot on products.this is a great alternative .
well made and works perfectly for my pom mommies to have and raise their puppies in . easy to clean and maintain , sturdy construction and portable .
my little fella loves his pad . sleeps on it every night . fits his crate dreally good . washes and dryies well .
my 8 month old lab pup has not been able to chew this one up ! she is a very active chewer !
it won't stand up to high drive , experienced , fast weavers , but it's great for teaching young or inexperienced dogs to weave .
great for small pills and all pill shooters are pretty much on par for that ... if the pill is too large ... hard to hold in the end
this really worked well and didn't harm my five clown loaches and five plecos . i like it so much i am keeping some on hand just in case .
my dog loves these small dingos . she chews them fast so i buy the bigger bag . would recommend for pets .
great for protecting my carpet from my pets . i love this and use them every single day . perfect for the apartment .
had a different tunnel which just plain wore out . purchased this one . conclusion : kitties love it !
its just a dog bed a a little smaller then i thought originally but my dogs dont care they cuddle up on it anyway
i am a repeat buyer of these because they are so wonderful ! it always ships fast , and gets here in great shape ready to go .
so far my puppies will play with or chew on anything but this . i do like nylabone brand but this isn't the best so far ...
i have 2 little 6 lb poodles have looked everywhere for a way to give them glucosamine theses are perfect tiny little treats that my dogs enjoy !
my cat looked at it and had no attraction to it what so ever . i think that this item is a dud .
my super chewer puppy of 9 months loves this durachew toy ! great purchase . it has lasted longer than the majority of her other toys .
my puppy love it , but within 15 minutes my puppy had chewed one twisted end so now there are lose strings .
i think the name is hilarious . my cats love this scratchy box and it has held up well . nice size .
it's rugged as can be and fill it with just about anything and you have contented babies ... i would buy this again ...
excellent and effective product . does a great job of removing harmful discharge from puppy ears . vet recommended , too . expensive but does a good job .
i love the service , the freebies they send , and the product that i can buy so much cheaper than i can locally . thanks so much .
my dog seems to like it like the chicken the best . not to keen on the bacon.course he is a pekenese and they are fussy
a real treat favorite of our two large dogs . we've been using this product for years because the dogs enjoy it for a treat .
my dog is very prone to getting eye infections . i like this product as it keeps her eyes clean and i noticed the infections are not as often .
worked well and prevented my dog from jumping on people . just be careful that the button for sound is held for only 2 seconds .
dry floor , dry cats , perfect fit , holds the drinkwell platinum fountain in place - - no need to say any more .
i love this its great just remember to put some wd40 on the metal parts . worth a repeat purchase so i did .
great product at a competitive price . perfect for our small dog . helps keep their teeth clean and therefore their breath fresh as well .
the dogs love it and it is what it says . nothing major or special about it so i did not rate as 5 stars .
nicely made and attractive . will enjoy having this for the inevitable " necessities " . nice choice of colors . would recommend to others .
just the right size and construction . my dog loves this toy and it has held up for 2 months to some very rough abuse . well made .
my bird untied the bridge so she now just uses the hideout to sleep in . still a good purchase for punkie our lovebird !
i have consistently ordered from this company . product is reasonably priced and they ship it quickly .
i have 3 dogs , so this value pack is great value for money . my dogs loves their greenies and just can't get enough .
my dog loves chewing on this and it's super durable . exactly as advertised and would highly recommend this line of dog toys .
i have a senior pug who now sleeps all day ... and she sleeps through a pee ... so i use these at night
my puppy caught on to this and was potty trained in no time ! it also the most attractive looking training bell on the market .
it fills the system which is working beautifully . washes easily in the shower and we are very pleased with having the system .
these are your average poop bags lol but for the amount you get including the little holder thing it's really a great deal
the freeze dried chicken is a favorite of my three cats . fish is their least.these are healthy treats that my cats love .
our dog loves this toy and chews on it all the time . it did separated into two parts but he still loves it .
my cats play with this for hours at a time , along with the other toys of this type i bought at amazon .
easily chewed by my dog . found a lupine leash on here that was guaranteed even if chewed ! avoid this leash !
my puppy loves playing with this stuff toy . it is so cute . i just wish i could select the style .
my dogs love these , i use them to lure them back inside or to reward them for good behavior , just a couple bits is all it takes .
i have purchased two of these--one in pink and now one in purple for my miniature poodles . they are excellent quality--substantial but soft and highly adjustable .
this frisbee has held up so far with my puppy , and she loves to chew , so i am completely satisfied .
thier fur was already shiny and soft , but now it's more magnafied.they also have this with half a can of either aristocats food or fancy feast .
not one meal can pass without my dog demanding this positively " stinky " treat . the are perfect . while they crumble easily , she still loves it .
my dog loves the flavor and it's keeping him healthy . it has some very important ingredients within . i give it an a
i have a 7 month old great dane puppy . he ripped this to shreds in around 20 minutes . he did enjoy it while it lasted ...
i purchased this for very annoying neighbor dogs that bark all the time . nothing changed . nothing . i do not reccommend this product .
i tried the cheaper ones and they popped right open.this one locks securely and looks great.it is a very nice quality
i had a really picky dog who refuses any kind of biscuit type treat offered to him . he eats some soft treats and loves these .
i got the product on time and it arrived as ordered . i was not disappointed . buy it ! you will not be disappointed .
everything i had hoped it would do . really traps all the litter . i'm glad i got the larger mat . good productt
i like running these with a second filter . in a planted aquarium , these really help . it helps keep the water oxygenated .
fancy feast is an excellent brand of cat food . my chicken lover cats enjoy this one . it is convient with the pop top lids .
my puppy loves he carries it from room to room . it's very durable it feels good on a teething puppies gums .
my pitbull can destroy alot of his toys but this one he goes to alot and plays with it without destroying it . love it .
i use these for my older dog , 15yrs , who has lost 2 of his back teeth.no complaints from him .
my bird was attracted to this and went right to work on it . i wish these things would last longer .
my dog just loves this treat , and it is small enough that it doesn't spoil her appetite . i've been buy it for years .
great little heater with a neat design ! i just wish they made a higher wattage as this is not quite enough for my 60 gallon cube .
this product was a life saver . slightly disappointed with how fast they run out but when i moved apartments it was a life saver .
my 18 year old cat went right to this bed and has claimed it for himself . i find him in there all the time .
dogs love these . i alternate between these and greenies to give to them after their last outdoor trip of the night .
have bought greenies of various sizes for years . greenies lite are well-loved by my dogs . price is right . result is great .
they are very thin . my poodle takes less than a minute to go through bigger pieces . she just swallows smaller ones .
my dogs have a blast flipping this ball around and chewing on the spikes . keeps them busy and the price was right .
i haven't yet ordered this but have two 15-20 lb . boston terrier dogs . can they tear up the mouse ? ? what do you cat owners think ?
works great for a 5.5 gallon tank . i would recommend this to anyone . been using it for 4 months so far with no issues .
quick and easy dog tag and good quality . i really like this brand it does a great job ! no issues thus far
my cats seem to like it very much we mix it with clumping litter and it works out just fine
for little dogs i break them in half , and have to supervise . my dogs love these and cant get enough .
i use the scissor on the face of my puppy and she doesn't mind at all . i think that is great as well it cuts just fine .
this is a must for any dog of any age , but the best for older dogs to help with their necks . make sure you purchase the correct height
this is a soft rubber and it is easily swallowed if you have a heavy chewer like mine . supervise carefully .
my two yorkies love these chews ! one loves it more than the other , but both have to have identical chew bones .
the big is cute , but my puppy quickly recognized the magnetic snap means treat . i had to be careful when snapping the bag close .
as described on amazon site . do not hesitate to purchase this product . you will not be disapointed . buy with confidence .
got this at the same time as the flexi leash . great to hold the rolls of waste bags , treats , etc .
one of the few toys our dog hasn't gotten tired of . we use the kong goldies cheddar recipe dog treat in this and it keeps him busy .
but my cats are too picky about what they eat . they like this but only when the " junk food " cat food isn't around .
he swoops in and lands on the ground and saves the day ! perfect dog for your perfect dog ! he saves the day !
my bettas over the years have always loved this brand of food . they always do well eating it and maintain colors nice .
great activity ball . if we put any of the kong treats in here , our pup is occupied for hours ! definitely would recommend to others
fun dog toy-not great for dogs who love to destroy but it makes a good " baby " if your pup is gentle .
best wire brush i have ever owned . well placed bristles . easy to clean and the handle is just the right size for my hand .
despite being pricey , this door is totally worth the cost and i highly recommend it for anyone who needs a pet door .
all the red and green ripped of in minutes ... waiting for the rest to fall off ... not made well for a chewer .
my new puppy was mildly interested in this toy , but didn't last too long . don't let your dog go unsupervised if he or she like to chew .
best price as the vet is double . best product for dogs with food issues . highly recommend it and will purchase again .
i've been using api products for many years and feel these are the best for my aquatic pets . thanks api !
did not work for me . did not discourage my cat from scratching . good thing is at least it's didn't discolor my couch .
works great ! ! ! i used it for both my dogs to walk them together . helps to control your walk with your dogs
junk cheap kills your arm and shoulders was a huge waste of money ... wouldn't recommend ... throw it in trash
i think i am just going to stick with petroleum jelly , which is the main ingredient in this and much cheaper for a lot more .
did not deter dogs from barking , we had better luck with the spray bark collar . i would not recommend this product .
this was a great product when we got it the can had spilled all over everything i would buy it again but pay for it to be shipped alone
even for our toy breed poodle , this small you is way to big for her . she can't squeeze it to make it seem cause it's too bog .
nice toy ! the cats chew on them and play with them . it isn't their favorite toy but overall it is a success .
really like this tag . bought another for my second dog . very tough . visible in dark of night . highly recommend it .
i have had parrots for more than twenty years , this is by far the best cage for the money ! don't hesitate , just get it !
my dogs loved these , however my dogs are aggressive chewers . it didn't last as long as i had hoped they would .
works exactly like it should . it's like a an upside down cup with a bowl attached to it . what more do you want ?
my 15 pound dogs love these . i think they're the perfect size for them , and they're a good way to help keep their teeth clean .
it was for my cat and we both loved it my other 3 cats were glad it wasn't for them
i like the simple ingredient list . my dog loves them , but my cat , who i bought them for , won't touch them .
the dog coupler , which you attach to your leash , is a great product for walking two dogs at one time , no more tangled leashes ,
i use it to trim my dogs ears and around the eyes . i also trim between the toes and it works great .
i did not find this product to be any better than the nature's miracle products . would not purchase this particular product again .
these are used in the litter genie which makes disposal of litter box waste significantly easier than it would be otherwise .
strong and great toy , my 11 month olde olde english bulldog loves it and its been a month or so and the toy is still in tacks
great snack for my gs . she loves them and i use them as reward treats for training . best when broken in half .
this toothpaste must taste really good ! our dogs line up for tooth time now , and try to get the tube when it is not their turn :-)
we have a puppy who loves to bark and drive us crazy . since getting the bark collar he is now a much better behaved dog .
i'm glad i bought the stainless bowl . fits great and a perfect size . i use it for water only not food .
my rabbits just loved these yogart drops but i do have to watch how many i give them.not too many otherwise you have alot to clean up later .
this carrier is very stylish and very sturdy and nice and big for my big 11 pound cat . 2 can fit .
our 1 year old lab destroyed this in less than 30 minutes . we were expecting better quality material to last a bit longer .
i bought this for my kitty and she loves it ! i even use it for treats and it keeps her busy . very durable .
this was a great purchase for my puppie . it's esy to zip and easy to carry . i would recommend this carrier .
really usefull accesory . even for indoor p * * p picking . the bone dispenser is really cute . i would'nt recommend them for larger breed dogs owners
my red eared sliders absolutely love this food ! one strange side effect on my filter - it turned my white course filter red but the water stays clear .
of all the cat toys i have purchased over the years , this is my cat's favorite of all time . he loves hiding in here and playing .
my dog loves them and would recommend these for anyone who wants to buy them for their dog . will continue to buy them .
i use my bulb on a timer and so far so good , life on bulb is very good as well .
this works great and turtle don't touch it .. i bought one of those that stick to the tank and they never work .. this the price is great
great food for skin problems for my german shepherd large dog who loves it . he eats quite a bit of it !
have used this product for years makes it easier to deal with the stressful trips to a vet or other types of issues . well worth the money
dont know the ingredients , but looks and smells like catnip . cant tell it helped . maybe it will work for you . worth a try .
these are extremely durable toys ! my pit bull will chew on them for hours at a time and she has yet to put a hole in one .
my terrarium plants grow well in the substrate . i'm very pleased with it's performance . my plants are doing very well .
this is a great product . exactly as described . if you need a 30 - ft lead this is the one to get .
i used this on my cats and my dog , and didn't notice any difference in any of them , so i stopped using it .
really great to clip inside crate and outdoor run . prevents spilled water bowls . probably should have gotten something larger than this , but great product .
cat likes it . seems to be comfortable . decent place for a cat to feel comfortable and kind of hidden . thank you .
this was a nice treat for my dog . he gobbled it up and seemed pleased . he thought it was " people food " for sure ! !
it arrived fast and my black lab loves to make the noise with it . she plays with it a lot . anything to make her happy !
dogs love it ! the price is excellent for a premium food ( without byproducts ) and profits go to animal charity . what more can you ask for ?
these are really handy and great for keeping dog food fresh . i love that they come in a three pack and they work great and fit perfectly !
i needed a tap water conditioner that didn't remove the ammonia since we were starting up a new tank and needed it to cycle . this worked perfect !
my dog has nothing to do with it , but i gave it to a friend who says her dog loves it . personal taste , i guess
i bought these treats because they were all natural and the perfect size to do my dog training with . my dog loves them !
my flowing cat bowl motor was in pretty bad shape so i needed to replace it . now my cats cannot seem to get enough water ... :)
missing hanger for door ... very disappointing .. why they would ship this to me when it was obviously missing parts is a mystery
don't have to worry about disrupting my turtle's enviornment or worry about not being able to reach a spot due to a stick .
these bags do the trick ! the clip on bag holder also adds to the convenience ! however , everytime i smell lavendar i associate it with poop .
same with the treats , my dog is very picky ... i want him to eat this healthy food but he won't touch it
so cute . the sizes seem to run as you would find in the store as well . well made for my pup
this is a great toy for any cat . it work some of the cat energy off so he can sleep .
the mice are fine . great price , but kind of small . i think my cat eats them , because they seem to disappear ? ?
very sturdy brush . handle makes gripping comfortable . brush does not fall apart like some that are purchased at the pet store .
to make a long story short , our dog completely ignored this dog toy right from the beginning . it had a terrible odor . i don't blame him .
this was an instant hit with my pug ! just the right size for her small mouth and she loves the squeakers !
they are smaller and not as sturdy as i expected , but they are put together fairly easily and they are good enough for a small dog .
it was good at detecting the purebred part of my dog , but came back with mixed breeds that my dog couldn't possibly have been .
my dog loves these balls ... i hate them when he plays with them early in the morning . i love him so i'll sacrifice for my d-o-g !
this works well and does not bother my beta . what else can i say ... hmm not much but i have to type
a standard in our house . the dog loves it and it is easy to feed to him . he likes all flavors but this is his favorite
used this with my foster kittens as i was weaning them from kitten formula . they loved it ! really helped them gain weight .
bought this for my german shepherd for use on hiking trails . works like a charm . the product is well made and holds water well .
this toy is super fun and dog seemed to like it ! a little smaller then my normal choices but dog did not seem to mind !
this is quick and easy to use . long enough so the dog can move around a bit and get comfortable . easy to store when not in use !
great little frisbee , as such . too small to really catch a good fly and stay up for any distance though .
i have been giving these treats to my cats for several years now and they love them . it gets rid of hairballs in no time at all !
used these for a long time . excellent quality and ingredients . dogs love them . old mother hubbard makes good dog products .
these are my dogs favorite since the would eat fresh apples and peanut butter . these i will buy again when they are on sale .
we have gerbils and hamsters they both love this food and i love autodelivery i do not have to remember to buy more food .
been using this stuff on my dogs for years and they are indoor / outdoor doggies . not a single flea or tick when they are on it .
these are dog diapers ... used them to prevent pregnancy and messiness when my dog was in heat ... she chewed through the crotch ... she is now pregnant ...
only buy this for the poop bags . the dispenser looks fine but i can't get the clip open to hook it to the leash . very frustrating !
our new kitten loves this canned food ! he is now 7 months old and still begs for it ! great food !
very nice product , especially for the price . my dog wears it all the time , seems to be a comforable fit .
my pups love the skinny minis treats . they're a good size for my 20 lb . dogs and they're healthier than most treats .
because some of the tests will drain out faster than others , and you can buy this for a few bucks and not buy a whole nother kit .
pups like it , they of course have been able to chew off some of the fabric , they are goldens and tough on everything
we went looking for a top rated dry dog food with a salmon flavor and this one pleases both our dogs and our pocketbook .
worked great so my small dogs can get on the bed without having to pick them up all the time .
using a product which is the same as what the professional used at my home , saves a bunch of money . this is the real thing !
one of the few chew toys that have held up to the powerful jaws of my golden retriever ( who destroys everything ! )
my bala sharks lobe this stuff and hate flakes , if you have mid range feeders this stuff is awesome .
arrived with two mirrors off in the box ... i had to glue them back on . snowball and kiwi like it now that it is back together .
this filter works very well with the fronier dog fountain . keeps water clean all day . i change the filter once a month .
works , smaller than i thought [ bottle ] but it does what it says so ... i will buy a bigger one next time
my dogs who normally won't eat right away unless i add wet food , will eat this alone . they love this high quality dog food .
i have 4 cockatiels and they go through this bag in a bout a month . i don't think it's absolutely fresh , but it's ok .
my lab chewed right through it . it is too soft and some big dogs will destroy this in 2 minutes .
this worked on my small 9 pound cat but not good on my monster sized 15 and 20 pounders . prefer a different brand for them .
my breeder recommended this to me for a bichon frise . my dog has used it since i got him and i've never seen unsightly tear stains on him .
all of the media makes the c2 and c4 wonderful filters ! my tanks water has never look clearer and my fish and plants never healthier ! ! !
love the telescoping feature , just wish it was a little smaller when totally closed but it is everything we expected .
see my other review for a similar product from luckypet . they do a great job , get it there on time , and the product is good quality .
my cats love these treats . i even use them for incentives to get our cats used to their new perches and wall cat track ... very satisfied !
this is a really cute frog .. so soft and all my pups love itl would buy again .. great product and price
serves its purpose quite well - worth its weight in gold . don't hesitate purchasing if you have a need for this item .
my pup is 7 months old and it still looks new looks great , easy to put on and take off and it tough
i love the color and the clean up is a breeze . very durable . i expect it to last a long time .
same as from vet's office but better price . my vet actually recommended that i look in amazon and comparison shop .
best chews on the market and they are made in the usa . fido will love you even more than now . !
this is really helping to reduce my dog's foot licking . it's down probably 50 % since starting to give her the oil ( around a month ) .
better than the orange cubes , but this can make a mess in the cricket keeper . still , it appears to work best .
no better than regular flex wrapdont waste your moneythats all i have to say about this productdone
i havn't really used it yet but im sure it's gonna be fine i like the quality of it so try it
the color in the red plants has improved considerable after using this product . it is a good source of iron .
i trust hikari fish food .. i was surprised to read the label of this tubifex product , and see it comes from china not japan .
they are really good . but my kitties seem to want to hide all toys i buy them . therefore they are not used in my sight
my dog won't go near it . waste of money for me . oh well . that's the way it goes here in escondido .
these chews are an excellent source of dental maintenance for my dogs while , at the same time , give them great enjoynment .
my guinea pig like it . much better than the kaytee supreme diet which she wouldn't touch . i think it is good
my three tiny puppies absolutely love their new toys . i will certainly order more when they have wore these out .
my original base only worked for halfway through my second winter here in new york i had expected it to last much longer .
my aussie loves ziwipeak ... i would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to supplement their dog's raw diet with a quality product .
worked fine with the air pump . no leaks or signs of wear should be fine for a long time for aquarium use .
good , much easier than the little tubes.going to try the cool spray next time.all & all good and convienient.thank you !
did not work for my cat , he continued spraying in the rooms i used it in . will not waste my money again .
great recoil on the leash and a nice locking function . is made of high grade materials and works great for active blue heeler .
this was a great product and a great value . i would recommend these , as a dog lover . they were gobbled up
i am a huge fan of nylabone and this is no exception . great bone that is difficult for our strong chewer to destroy .
pretty purple polka dot harness . my dog has an 11 inch neck and this 6-12 inch fits perfect .
most of these were dead when they arrived . some that were still charged only lasted a few days . i will not buy again .
these have always been a staple in my house ! my puppies love them and i'll continue to buy them !
i am so happy that i was reading other reviews . i want too say thank you all because it really works thank you .
this is a good product . i personally like the blade that pulls out the hair more than the brush but it is also a good product .
my cats went crazy over them i will be ordering more of these i will definetly be ordering more refills
gave this to a friend's dog for christmas and mikey loves it ! just right for him cause he's a big dog .
my cats don't like the paste , so that was extra crap . the toy itself is enjoyed by the kitties . done .
my dog is about 60 pounds and normally wears a large dog harness this large would fit a dog that is about 25 pounds .
my cat without the claws seems to like this very much . the cat with claws like little needles doesn't seem to notice it .
nice inexpensive collar . looks good and has lasted on a pit bull . would recommend . these also come in different colors .
i've been looking for the perfect brush and comb , and this one is not it . it make work better on shorter haired cats .
these fit really well on regular cans too . when i do use it for dog food , it typically keeps the smell from permeating my fridge .
after brushing our dog's teeth - they smell like vanilla cookies . the dogs love the taste and don't run when i go to brush their teeth anymore .
i needed a spare thermometer for a tank and ordered this one . easy to apply with included sticker , accurate temp readings .
very durable . dogs with wide muzzles like rotti's may not enjoy as much as slim muzzle dogs . shepard's definitely enjoy the toy and play with it regularly .
reasonably priced & the crickets gobble it up . easy to feed & it has calcium for gut loading . what more can i say . great product !
if you have a cat , they haven't eaten til they tried this food , smile . i have 14 cats and they love this
i've been feeding my cats friskies for a long time . i buy the pate because they prefer it to the chunks or filets .
i have 1 in each one of my tanks has worked great for me and help keeps the water clear .
my kitten loves the way this swirls and twirls . keeps him amused for a long time . i like it a lot .
nice to let my dog walk a little further than me , and when i wrap it around my hand its comfortable
great stroller , folds nicely and easily . made well , can be covered easily if it starts to rain . very pleased ! thanks !
every thing i hoped it would be and more - awesome for desheds too . nice in between or right after bath also .
this is a great chew bone for a small dog who loves to chew ! dip in boiling water to sterilize weekly and it's like new . lasts forever !
i just started using this on 2 of my dogs . will know in about 2 weeks or so , so far it seems to be ok .
my cats like this halo cat food very much . i am purchasing on the auto ship plan to keep it coming .
helps to loosen plaque on teeth but heavy tartar remains . better to start this before significant buildup has already occurred .
now she's over seven , the loaf-style food seems to be working best for her ; and this makes a good go-along with her dry science diet .
this toy chest is very large and will hold all of their toys . it is durable and easy to clean .
this is a good puzzle for the price paid . it's challenging and has held up well to 3 dogs using it .
needed and extra cover so when the other one is in the wash , i can still use the microwavable disc in the dog's cage .
one of their favorites . my dogs are huge , but the sticks would be good for any size dog , i am sure .
the product is as advertised but the trouble is my cats won't go near it for scratching as they seem to prefer sisal .
in general purina makes very good , affordable cat food . these varieties add to my kitties menu . and 4 more words :]
always can count on friskies.all their varieties smell fresh and all are quickly eaten by the cats recommend to all .
i love that critter trail makes these to connect multiple cages . my hamster loves that i have used these to connect a whole new playground for her .
i always buy this brand of toothpaste for my cat because it works well and he loves the chicken flavor !
it was a good price and my son's picky dog ate it . yeah . between that dog's attitude and my budget this managed to fit both of us .
my dog detsroy it in 18 min , he is not big but is a french bulldog he looks for the sound till bite it till the end
our new puppy learned to use these immediately to climb up on a soft chair in our bedroom to sleep
great crate and the best price i could find , either locally or online . easy to set up and break down .
my dog looves chewing off plastic bottles ! what better than to roll around an undestructible handy chew toy ! ? safe and cute !
i like them , however , none of the herding dogs except for a few smaller type dogs liked this product . sorry
scooter loves these little ceasers for breakfast every morning . he ears breakfast every morning with his daddy and his mommy .
i have a very large dog she is not to old but she has a leaky problem . these simple solutions worked great for her.thanks
i'm short , and this scraper is just what i've been needing for my tall , planted tanks ! don't settle for anything less !
3 and 5 pound puppies love this size and squeak it for hours ( this is sometimes a bad thing ) . cute !
my german shepherd has suffered from tummy trouble for 6 months but since starting prozyme he has gotten so much better . smaller more solid and less frequent poop .
my pets love these healthy chewies and hopefully , greenies will contribute to dental health and overall good nutrition . recommend this product highly .
was worried dog would embarrass me bc we didn't know if he would pee all over the inlaws furniture . looks funny but he didn't mind
for heavy chewers , save this toy for water trips only--that is , if you want to use it more than once .
wanted these natural treats for my girl , but was hoping for smaller " training " size treats . she does like them , however .
these are a nice warm weather jammie if you just want to dress up your dog . not thick enough to be warm though .
since the stores no longer use plastic bags , we needed something to pick up after our 3 dogs and this was a great price .
our dog loves this product , he runs along side the bike , great exercise , pulls hard enough not pedaling is required . heavy duty too .
very happy with the color and quality of this leash . the color is as pictured and the leash is very thick .
bought this for my daughters dog who can go through a large rawhide chew in about 30 minutes . he loves it and it is lasting .
very pleased with this litter as it does not spew dust like the majority of the others . a bit pricey but worth it . would highly recommend .
my peacocks love these dried mealworms ! i sprinkle a few in their food and on the ground and they go right for it .
too expensive , runs out quick . i've replaced them with 10 gallon bags . more economical and less to play around with .
my dogs and foster dogs love these little toys ! they are great , fun and durable with all the tug-a-war it goes through .
my dogs and all of the dogs in the various parks they visit loves these " cookies " and that makes everyone happy .
i haven't seen any differences between this product and front line plus except for price making this one less expensive
my cats like this toy . they played with more a first , but they still play with for a few minutes everyday !
the plastic hanging tabs smapped off when i tried to hang it on the side of the cage . i stuck it in the corner and it's okay .
i love this brush . this is my second one . now i have one for my dog and one for my cat .
rosie likes all of her toys but seems to like the soft ones that she takes to her crate at night time to sleep with ..
great for taller budgie cages . but they do love jumping around on it , and chewing it , of course . i guess that makes it a hit .
way too small order a medium and got a small the small would be for a cat not a dog ! !
both chinchillas were not interested , including the one who seems to want to eat almost anything . so i'm sure it depends on your individual chin .
using as a reward tug toy , my dog love these ! i have not tried them in the launcher yet .. enjoy !
love these , best price out there . same as those in store , and if you have to walk multiple dogs this is the way to go .
good strong tie out for large dogs . we use it on a runner wire and it works great . it is long too .
saw that this was on sale and thought why not get a game to occupy my dogs . they love it .
i didnt notice it absorbing any odors , seemed the same to me . i would not purchase again or recommend it .
my dog loves all the flavors of these treats . i get them these once in a while as a treat .
i am the proud owner of 12 cats that i have rescued . not a single one of my cats would eat these .
my only complaint is that its hard plastic and really loud if you have hardwood or tile floors . dog loves it though .
seems as effective as their firm up pumpkin without the cranberry . bought the one with cranberry , since our old dogs could use both supplements .
these are great for days that you aren't in the mood to wrangle your dog to brush their teeth . i love the weight management option .
the dogs like this stuff ... but the price is large and the quantity is small ... so there's better quality for price dog treats out there ...
this is a nice collar . it fit my dog fine . i picked it for the design with the polka dots .
its an ok bird toy . but my parakeet doesnt play with this as much as couple other toys he has gotten from here .
can use for several weeks as long as you vacuum the tank . works great for general cleaning and as a biofilter .
it was a nice looking cat toy online but my kitten doesnt play with it to much maybe when he gets bigger .
my dog hates having his nails cut , thought this would be good but it splinter the nail and makes the experience for the pup awful .
it is one of the few cat foods that my cats will eat . fancy feast is the best . keep up the great work .
he will play with this thing for an hour with out tiring ! ! ! he prefers this toy over the cloth string ! !
my dog just loves these he won't hardly eat any other treats other then the pugsley's peanut butter which he enjoys
my cat is 13 years old and i was feeding her the dry cat food . i bought this as a treat and she loves it .
my dogs really like these but i checked on the bag and i don't like to buy treats made in china for them .
i highly recommend this as a refill when you have used up the nitrite portion of the api master tes kit .
i didn't notice any differenc . the cats still fight and yowl . i put one upstairs and one down and that should cover the whole house .
finally a dog food that i know my dog will eat and loves ! no more trying to coax him into eating .
glad to have all my fish supplies sent to me so i don't have to go out and get them
very nice ... good outdoor place for the cat to hang out . sturdy and solid . i would recommend it to others
installed into my pt cruiser in minutes . the dog is secure and contained . she likes to be placed into the harness . great product !
i can not personally attest to this product but the cats love the treats . the aroma from the treats is pleasant .
my assumption is that it's an ok product . my dog never took to it .
well made , heavy duty comb . comfy handle with substantial comb teeth . should last a good long time . decent price . recommend .
he taught how he could fetch with 3 balls at the same time . he had only played with this before i got him those balls .
using this in combination with the flourish carbon , seems to be working well . my low-tech planted tank is thriving and all of the plants are growing .
our ferrets love this . i've rigged it to hang in their cage and it's their favorite place to sleep now .
this ball works pretty well . my fat cat is using it as long as there is no food anywhere else that he can get .
havent had any ticks or flees . so far no complains and my dog seems happy . i reccomend to any dog owner who is switching from frontline .
we use these exclusively for dog training . their perfect size and the dos love them ! i would recommend to anyone trying to do some dog training .
i like the way the kong toys are made . they do last longer than most animal toys . our cats were not impressed but the dog loved it .
kitties , young and old , love this one . with or without catnip inside , it is their favorite toy - not on a string .
nice healthy treat for the pups . i give them as rewards for good puppies . i would definitely buy these again .
its flimsy and loud but gets the job done . go get a korallia and you will appreciate it later in you saltwater journey .
i thought these pellets were to large and my parrot tossed more than he ate so switched to higgins pellets .
the size of the throw for a sofa is not large enough . you can not tuck it is in corners on sides . too short ! ! !
he pulls , runs , pulls runs . i can let him , know why ? because there is no way in heck he can break this thing .
works for plant growth and algae control . use the instructions at first after your plants are growing well increse the amout slowly .
my dogs love this furminator . does the job well . when looking for a dog brush , i will find this first .
it looks so cue on my little yorkie i like it because it's on a collar so there on tying it on
this fits nicely between the two front seats and really does keep my full grown doberman from coming up front .
unless you have a dog that doesn't chew on toys and only likes to cuddle with it , then i wouldn't recommend this . won't last long .
they smell like the bag they came in and fuel . my cats aren't interested in them yet , still waiting for the smell to leave them .
these are apparently delicious ! they're small , soft squares . my dog loves them . we cut them into smaller pieces for training .
i am glad this comes in a resealable plastic jar . my 17 year old cat really likes it , and she is really picky about her catnip .
fast and quick delivery.my kitten seems to like playing with these toys better than his squirrel toy.he has played with these even more
this product rocks ! great for my cichlids ~ happy fish = happy fishkeeper ~ ! i couldn't ask for a better product ~ :)
our wire haired pointer can chew through almost anything . not this ! ! ! yay , thank you kong for thinking of the destroyers out there
it came right away , i think the very next day i ordered it . i was so delighted . i surely love it .
my cat loves the springs so much , she turns her nose up at these balls . so , i'm going to use them on christmas presents !
perfect for my westie puppy ! tried to feed her using my hand , but she went straight to the bowl . happy with my purchase .
these are the best bags we've used . this is not the first time we've purchased them . but it's the largest quantity we've purchased at one time .
these are great treats for my 14 lb dog . great product that i feel comfortable feeding my pup , would buy again
we love anything that is dog-safe and dishwasher-safe ! it is also the perfect size for our dog's feedings , & we love the colors & dog-friendly design .
i bought this to put on my porch and i think it's a good product . it seems pretty well made and hopefully will last a long time .
we used this for our rabbits ( found a new home for them ) and we use it for our caged bird . helps with odor and works well .
shipping was right on timepackage was small and secureproduct was not injured in shippingcost is well worth it
so nice i baught it twice ... i think i may by another , its the same as the brand name coral life & others with a way better price
this seems to be quality catnip and i am hoping it will keep for years in my refrigerator like i have done in the past .
the cloth used on this is gorgeous ! my cats love this ! plus it looks fantastic in any room we place this in . i highly recommend this
good toy , i would have gave it 5 stars as my puppy loves it but .. he ate the ears off within a couple of days . :(
sadly , this didn't do a good job at keeping pee from getting through . i was hoping it would be a little less porous but no luck .
very good product my cats loved it .. lots of gravy and a good selection of flavors , i would recommend to anyone with cats
great filter , works good and helps keep the water clean ; easy to prime and ready for use . would deferential recommend with the hagen water fountain
these are popular w / my 2 big cats . they have been durable and hold cats attention . i just add catnip and they prefer these over others .
this keeps the litter in the pan , there will always be a small amount stuck to cats feet that get carried out . good price and fast shipment
i have bought several of these beds for my cats . they all love them . they keep them toasty warm , my cats and i love this bed .
the caps that fit are perfect but one of the three is too small and will not fit over the can top .
after his evening meal he gets one of these as a treat.he demands it ! very digestible , and probably better than raw hide .
filter worked fine for 3.5 months and then died . never had a filter that quit after such a short period of time .
i ordered this for weekly cleaning and because of the scent . it doesn't seem to work as well as the vet solution product but smells much better .
as a pet groomer , this restraint really helps me with the very active dogs ; keeps them more secure & still !
its fluval tubing . it fits and works properly . this tubing worked for my 406 that is not listed and have no issues
my cats love the yeowww product line.strong catnip , great texture.these balls are decent sized so they don't get lost easily .
cats love these guys , they dont last a super long time but are a great treat for your cat , and a lot of fun to watch
my border absolutely loves to eat these - - - every morning he patiently waits to get one . keeps my dog's teeth clean and white.great price from amazon !
i like to use this instead of any other products , it's ointment and won't come off easily and repels flies .
got this for my cat with a delicate digestive tract and it does seem to help .
buy these every couple months for kitty litter box and have never failed us . works perfectly and highly recommend to anyone
i had my doubts , because i got some big cats . so far this has held up great and the seat is very cushy
i received the " play & squeak " mouse today and i plan to return it because it did not squeak or twinkle .
our 120 pound bog loves his new bed , it is very big , cushioned and really easy to clean . it really is 8 inches tall
have two small yorkies with dental issues . this was recommended by our vet . seems to help the breath and tarter issues . will keep purchasing this item .
when it comes to aquarium lighting , it just doesn't get any better than this ! my tank looks amazing ! my fish are in heaven !
my 3 pounds chi-chi loves it . she loves the taste of it . she gets energetic after taking it . she starts running away around my house
alas , this had no discernable effect on my cats . however , the product arrived in good time and in good shape .
however , see above , it arrived with a clockwork , which broke and put a hole in the bag of dog food .
like the soft grip and ease of activating the lock . purchased this for our 10 lb dog - light enough and strong enough .
my cats are not picky but all 3 hated these . my dog wouldnt even try to steal them . not a good product .
the scent is so strong that my yorkie jumped back into the tub of water ! i've never seen her do that before i gave it away
these are really expenive in the stores even with coupons .. this is the only way to buy them ! go ahead ... buy them
great replacements for the roller ball thing i've got . they work , hold the catnip , and are good products . not much else to say
all puppia products are well made and attractive . my maltese is wearing this mesh halter , which will be cooler for him this summer .
we unfortunately can't leave it on our showe rhead at all times , but it is easy on easy off and our vizsla pup loves taking showers with it .
i volunteer at a cat shelter and we have these plugged in all over the place to help calm the cats , especially new arrivals .
works great , but i had to get a second one . the first one clogged and broke after a year . works with a standard paintball 20oz canister .
used this for my puppy , now he is on the large breed adult dog food from diamondreally like the diamond dog foods .
this is a very reasonably priced product that avoids urinary problems in my male cats . they like it , too !
seems to be working to keep the ammonia down in my tank , but my fish would really like if i cleaned it out more often .
it is very helpfull for your cat litter box , i use it one in a day and is it enough
this product took care of all the intestinal and digestive problems that my dogs were having in the past few weeks
my dog loves the taste and it has helped with her problem of biting her feet . vet recommended i try this food and it has helped .
perfect for my little puppy . i have matching collar and harness . lightweight and perfect for az sun . recommend it highly .
high quality - my dog loves it ! believe this one will last a long time . keeps those little chewers away from various home objects .
my dogs love these balls , they are small dogs and these are a good size as they can squeeze them
we have two very active vizslas and this is definitely their favorite toy . dad gets it out and dogs go mad . ' nuff said .
i just wish there was some way to lock the top to the bottom , but it's never been a problem with my cats - thankfully !
i searched for something homepathic for my dog and bought this product and i am very pleased with it . it worked great and would always buy it again .
i didn't believe there was a ball that would last for more than a few hours until this . this ball will save me hundreds of dollars ! awesome .
the male cats like this very much ... they go find it at least once a day and rub it all over their faces .
my dog lets me know that this is her very favorite treat . she will do whatever you ask her if she can have one of these .
the booties kept falling off . but the hilarity of watching our dogs get used to them was priceless . better than nothing .
extra large container makes my critters happy and less trips for me to the pet store ! will definitely buy again .
ditto on two other purchases of fancy feast . i will continue to purchase as long as my children will eat it .
my dog loves it and i have noticed less late night bathroom trips i recommend this product it is all natural and does the job.dogs love the taste as well
since it is quite expensive , i mix it 3 cubes of it with no grain kibble , and he loves it !
one cat loves this , the other ignores it , but it is great fun driving the cat crazy chasing the light !
we love the whelp washable pads and thanks to the prime account got them within two days :) everything came as it said it would , great product .
i love this chuckit ! , and appreciate that i'm able to throw the ball a long distance . more importantly , my adhd puppy loves this gadget !
these ultimate touch cat claw clipper do the job and do it well . we've had them three years now and their still sharp !
my yellow lab hates it he refuses to lay on it and the fabric stuff is so scratchy dont waste your money
my cats adore these . the minute i open the bag they come running and one cat will purr while i'm giving him the treats .
very nice strong crate , leaves lots of room for the puppy to grow instead of buying a smaller crate to start with .
labrador has not been able to destroy it yet and it has been weeks . love west paw products ! will buy more for my friends .
my cats love the scratch pads and the item the pad is in . they all have fun with it . woukd recommend it to all cats
this is a well constructed halter for my little shih-tzu . the double stitching at the stress points is superior to some other brands .
hope that my dogs will enjoy this on christmas day . i will know more on then and will know more on how it holds up .
it does a great job on treating tap water.the smell of this stuff is not great , but goes away after the water is treated .
opened it up and the motor isn't strong enough to pick up anything . tried changing the batteries just in case that was the issue . sent it back .
well-made product , very durable , works great but its drawback is that it can only be programmed for one day , not multiple days in advance .
like it quality is to be expected for the price , cheap but better quality than what i expected , ,
a fairly cost effective grain free cat food that both of my cats enjoy . i think they prefer the salmon but i could be hallucinating that .
this product is noisy , works so little not sure worth the effort . maximum of 2 degrees if that in temp decrease .
my dog just loves these i have to give him medicine everyday and with this it becomes a easy task
laborious but it is strong but my puppies are bigger than i expected so they climb out it rather easily
they are healthy and my cat loves them ! i couldn't ask for a better treat than this . pleased with my order
very good . i needed refills for my litter locker and these fill the bill .
for two cats great fun , esp on hard wood , non carpeted floors . destructo kitty chewed his in half and bit through in a few hours .
this didn't work . my dogs got tired of me trying to get the tick into the jaws . don't use it .
our dog loves these . they are a good size and a nice treat to give your dog in between boring dog biscuits !
he still pees on my curtains but the cat litter has helped :d really i'd recommend this litter to other cat owners
my dog is 16 and very thin , so i use these treats to get as many calories into him as possible .
if my dog could talk he would say this is his favorite canned food . it's very moist and great over kibble .
if your animals have problems with their eyes , try this product . does not seem to cause any irritation , but does help within days .
i didn't notice hardly any minty smell to the rope . but the rope seems sturdy enough for a pull toy .
played with a couple times but then dropped and left alone . every once and a while .
my dog really did not mind this at all . it fit around her chubby middle and was long enough to cover most of her back .
all of the natural balance products are good . this one is healthy and both of my dogs ( which are small dogs ) love it .
cheap . simple installation . does what it claims to do . keeps labs in the back seat . what's not to like . blah , blah , blah .
i ordered this for my little dog and he loves it . i had been looking for a bobbing doggie toy for a while and this one is perfect .
... one more option for your fussy cat .. fussie cat premium tuna with salmon ... my fussy cat loves all the different flavors and especially the salmon !
my dog loves the added crunch that this nutritionally safe and beneficial food provides to her regular diet . it's like adding french fried onion crisp to her meals !
i bought this for a rescue wish list , but i have them for my dogs . they have no stuffing and the look realistic ! squeak inside !
happy dogs . they love these . probably not good for a home with dogs that demolish plush toys though , cute concept and decent quality .
i put it on the floor and she immediately went to it . she is using it as a bunny kicking toy rather than a pillow right now .
although they have an odor which is totally normal , it does not stink up my furniture or home . keeps my dogs busy and they love them .
my dog really likes these treats . with bigger pieces i can break them up . good high reward treat . i like the container it comes in .
good product for inflammation and maintainance after you vet has cured an ear infection . not for the primary tx . of serious ear infections .
very accurate thermometer that is easy to read . the numbers and colors are clear . it is a bit larger than others making it easier to read .
love these pads . they are the only ones that clean out my pugs ' wrinkles properly yet they are mild enough and don't get their skin irritated .
it tends to really pull on the cats hair and hurt her so we try not to use it on her we had to get a bigger brush for her
this is a nice little toy for a cat . just ad a little catnip and watch your cats go for this . most cats will like it .
easy to chew through legs as they aren't very protected . haven't tried in water yet , but overall it's durable enough .
and so do our three dogs ... plus , it's a local colorado company ! the treats are always soft and the dogs freaking love them !
my dog loves these , though they are only for treats here and there . they would probably eat the whole bag if i gave it to them .
keeps them calmer.these keep my cats much , much calmer and continues to keep them calm longer.try it they will like it .
this is a great buy as for the cats love it ... and it keeps them from scratching my couch and chairs ...
my dog loves these chews . they are a great ( supervised ) treat that gives him something to do in his crate for a while .
my cat loves this , when he comes in from the porch that is the 1st thing he heads for just to claw the cat tree
they love this toy . wouldn't leave it alone when they first got it ! the novelty is wearing off a little now but they still like it .
my dogs just love these things . and i like it cause it has less fat . which is a good thing cause thing eat so many of them .
the litter still gets on the floor some , but what can you expect , it's a litter mat . and so i sweep .
my dog likes the taste of these and whenever i take her for her walk , i break up the wafers and use them as her treats .
i recommend this product for any dog that likes to work to keep busy . it is durable and keeps an active pup busy .
crunchy small rewards for good behaviour.very small , i find the perfectly sized rewards . i have a chow / aussie mix.so they are just the right reward size !
very small the item was very nice looking the cat did not like the cover so we use it without it .
received in secure packaging and really fast . i plan to order my 2 cats their food this way . easier this way .
i bought one of the bags for an irish setter friend and he went absolutely crazy with.played with it for a very long time and then fell asleep .
a must get for dogs . we have a blue pitbull and she loves it very much . it came purple too
unlike inside the aquarium thermometers this one stays in place and shows the temperature outside ! so glad that i found it !
the swivel works well , was very easy to install , and stays put .
this leash really helped me to walk my two dogs . they are still in the pulling stage so it helps to keep them close to me .
destructor dog chewed the top off , but after that there was nothing left to get his jaw around and it worked fine
this is the cheapest method to replace these cartridges it is very simple to put together yourself , nothing extra needed definitely buy this again
and i love that they are biodegradable . the dispenser is cheap , but at least the rolls fit into my nice dispenser .
dog loved the edible bone , shredded the flexi chew , but seems indifferent to the durachew bone that's included in this kit ..
they're not super thick , but i haven't really had one break on me yet . they do the job . not much else to them .
i bought this for my cockatiel but my jenday conure has taken a loving to it instead ! we ended up getting a second for the tiels .
good ingredients and the cats love it . price is a couple of dollars more than petsmart , but worth it with free shipping .
these are great and at a great deal getting 3 of them they keep the machine running clear and clean my animals love their water fountain
chuck-it products work very well . good pricing . they hold up to daily usage . our dogs enjoy the toys they have .
we have been using nu-vet for years and have tried to find something a little more affordable , that was comparable . our dogs are doing great on these .
my shorkie looks adorable in this and will tolerate wearing clothes to get her picture taken . the fit is great .
my cat does not like this very much but he lets me groom him . it takes off a lot of fur , works great .
my kitty is spoiled and could not be tricked into taling her thyroid pill . doggie just wolfes it down no problem . good for dogs !
make sure you check size . vest is great for arizona summers . washes in the washing machine and looks like new after dried .
this shirt in comparison is way larger than other zack & zoey x-large tee's . i am quite sure it is labeled incorrectly .
great treats , but i have no idea why they are so expensive on amazon . they should be priced * as standard * at 10 dollars .
my dogs love these dog biscuits . read the ingredients on the label , this will convince you that these are the ones to buy .
my dog love to play tug of war and the ball squeaks so it make her want to chase it even more easy to throw
the clasp works well and the leach material has a good and strong construction . at six feet , it is the proper legal length in most jurisdictions .
i bought this as a toy for my two ferrets . they love soft plush toys and hide & play with them . this is a great set
great toy for smaller birds . my cockatiel loves it she plays with it every day and thinks it is great
cheaper than the store and frankly , i don't have to haul it from the car to my house . :) it works great too .
i love these scoopers . the get a lot that other scoopers leave behind so it takes less time to scoop the 4 litter boxes that i have .
zukes never ever disappoints . easy to digest and tasty too . will continue to buy based on quality alone . yay zukes ! !
these are low fat which my mini schnauzer with pancreatitis needs or he will get very sick . also he loves them , so a winner .
i normally buy the blue cat food , but this was a nice change . both of my fussy cats liked it .
its a very cheap way to entertain my cats . they love that catnip ball ! all of them ! last long and inexpensive .
this product wasn't so great . my dog didn't like the treats that fit in here and he didn't like playing with it or chewing on it .
wow i bought 3 of these bowls and i am so pleased with them . thank you amazon reviewers for your great recommendation .
my dog whines and claws at this thing but it's held strong . the frame is very sturdy and easy to set up / collapse .
my dog chewed through this and had pieces of string all around the house within 2 minutes of getting it . what a waste of money !
love the scented ones , works the same as the others . who wouldn't love a scented poop bag ? lol works great ! ;d
it is very easy to look at the tank and doesn't have that blinding effect that most bulbs that some with aquarium light fixtures have .
what else can i say ? it works great and kills the flea . i don't really follow the stringent monthly schedule but it seems to work just fine .
the dogs ( german shepherd and malamute mix ) love them and they last the whole day . they arrived fresh and we will buy again .
i have a 12 lb cavalier . she just licks these and when she does get around to eating them , it takes her several days .
my bunny immediately started playing with this toy and chewing on it which is exactly what i wanted . yeah i am sure your bunny will like it too !
these are awesome ! my dogs love them and they are great for their teeth . good price , too . will be ordering again !
fits him perfectly ! he is about 17lbs and looks like a littlr tough guy in it . and best of all , it keeps him warm :)
have had now for about 2 months and it's still intact and the dog still loves it . only will take small pieces of treats .
works great along with the liquid medicine you put on thier coats , easy to use just put it in the cats treats
3 and 4 pound puppies like this size for fetching and squeaking and attempted dismemberment ( no limbs lost yet ) . cute .
works well for a cheap test kit . using the card can be questionable sometimes as it looks different in different light .
a very small amount will rid your animals of 4 types of worms . tape , hook , whip , and round worms will die within three days .
i just love this ceramic food dish , and so does my red foot . its just big enough without being to big , will last a life time .
this cable is very reliable for its strength its latch is very strong and dependable dont have any fear my dog will come unattached
works fine but too noisy for me . the cat enjoys it and doesn't drink from the bathroom sink as much .
the dogs love greenies ; they know exactly what time they get their treat and never let me forget ! greenies always satisfy !
this really did not soak up much water and i was highly disappointed with it . still looking for a solution .
i have two bouviers.their coats can get very matted without daily grooming.this comb makes the final steps easy.highly recommended .
use it in conjunction with chemi-pure in separate bag for my rena xp2 75 gallon filter , keeps tank crystal clear , works just fine .
my dogs didn't like it and wouldn't touch it . it is a good price too so i am disappointed that they won't eat it .
it really is nearly indestructable ... unlike those other toys that say they are and my dog rips it apart in seconds . these are awesome .
a really nice , fairly well balanced comb - very happy , fluffs up puppy's hair nicely when scissoring body and legs
aqueons are great filter but the replacements at my lfs are way overpriced . these were priced very well so it was a no brainer . great performance .
the only reason i don't like this product is when i try to make these more bite sized pieces for training , they tend to crumble .
i have 4 cats , but 2 don't get along . i noticed a big change in the temperament of the more aggressive cat after using this product .
one of a very few toys my cat actually likes . works even for old and lazy cats . it awakens his feral instinct .
works very well for both my cats who have allergies and will scratch tip they bled during a flare up .
easy to assemble and very large . the cats don't spend as much time on it as i hoped , but it wasn't for a lack of size .
my senior dog is on long term meds , and this is best solution in getting her to take meds.no struggles any morerecommend .
functions perfectly and available at a reasonable price . please be aware this is intended for a small dog . perfect for my 10lb pomeranian .
i thought it was already filled but when i received it , i realized i needed to purchace filler . good quality , nice size and a great price .
the bird is visually appealing . our dog had the toy apart in 20 minutes . parts inside i feel , pose a choke hazzard .
my cat does not like this product at all . she tries to bury it and walks off , so i can not say if it works or not .
good idea :) definitely helps with the stray litter that the cats have on their feet . :) and way less clean up
oxbow has high quality and healthy food . our two rescue gerbils really like it.they prefer it fresh daily . well worth the money .
the only thing i wish it did was prevent them from going in same spot . otherwise great .
i bought all of these items for christmas . this is the one that survived ! will stick with this material and buy again
bought this for my squirrel and he loves it ! he chews on it , hides in it and rolls around the cage with it .
i bought this for my corgi and he loves it to snuggle in .. very nicely made and the color is beautiful .. easy to care for .
cat loves it ! great way to maintain dental health and i highly recommend this to any and all cat lovers out there
i alternate with the chicken and the beef and my regular brand . nice sizes , added veggies , they love it , so i'd say it's a winner .
its not attached to the pole very well and rips easy .. cat not interested much and its just not worth the money
this pet toothpaste is very good . i cannot find it locally anymore , except for the robbery prices that vets charge .
i have 3 different sizes of these and they are the best groomer around . this price is also excellent ! ! well worth the money ..
this was a great buy ! it protects my leather seats and fits great . this is a must if you want to protect your seats ! !
my cats love these scratch perches . keep them in the bay windows and they snooze on them and lay in the sunshine .
got it to hold down table , chair , and umbrella outside . live on a hill with a great wind that sweeps almost everything away !
works great ... i have used it for over a year and my dogs and cats never show any signs of fleas
my pup loves them . i take one out and break it up in pieces as treats for when we go outside to use the potty .
this crate was perfect for a growing dog and it's easy to set up and collapse . i especially like that it can open on 3 different sides .
a little smaller than expected , but it's kong , and i know the cats i got it as a gift for will love it !
works as advertised and smells great . with 3 dogs that love to play in the dirt , this gallon has lasted a long time .
these smell great , are soft and easy to break up for smaller dogs and all my dogs love them . happy with them being made in the usa .
these really work well to slow down my pups from eating too fast ( and getting out of breath ) . they clean up nicely too .
what can i say , its tubing and its blue . plenty of tube do the job and works fine . no complaints here
i was hoping that the litter would be trapped better into the mat . it really does not trap well . i do not recommend this mat .
all 3 of my cats absolutely love this stuff and helps to ease tummy and stool issues . highly recommend even if it is a bit pricey !
this is the second batch i've ordered . my dog loves them . great value . great product . nice sized bones for my 40lb mutt .
i have had this toy for almost a year now , it is still in great shape and the cats still play with it .
they click well . my dog ate the ring off of one ( he eats everything ) , but it came with three so that was no big deal !
all this video shows are birds sitting in trees . my cats might watch if there was any real action like the birds actually flying around !
unfortunately , we like the carrier better than the dog does . perhaps the yorkie just needs alittle more time in it .
the dogs love these squeaker kong balls and they don't last very long before the squeaker is ripped out of them and they are bored wit them :)
it's even been in lake michigan a number of times and it still works ! though , i don't know how to replace the battery .
would recommend this product to anyone . i have been training 15 month old boxer with great progress . smart choice.thank you
so easy to use and she doesn't mind having her nails trimmed.would recommend this to all dog owners . great product .
i was unable to lift the 40 pound box even to bring it in to the house so i canceled that subscription and subscribe now to 20 pound boxes
this is very difficult to use . the bristles are very stiff , and seem to hurt my cat's gums . i would not recommend anyone use it .
my dogs love these treats , they are perfect for training . and small enough that you can use many without them packing on the pounds during training .
although i did end up throwing the fountain away , these filters were great and worked really well . my issue is more with the fountain itself .
these are the perfect replacement for my pup's favorite toy . it was nice to buy this set and not have to purchase the entire hide-n-seek tree trunk again .
these seeds from petlinks appear to be a quality product , and my cat has really enjoyed his greens this week .
great stuff , everyone in tank eats it . shrimp , betta , dwarf african frogs and of course the snails . will buy again .
great leash for long walks . my dogs still have freedom to run and play together while on their leashes . worth the money ! ! !
picking up poop isn't on my " oh joy " list , however , these lavender scented bags make ithe job so much easier .
our cats love the shredded chicken ! they seem to like the shredded type better than the solid pate . either way , this is good stuff !
grooming has never been as easy as this quiet motor fast , shave and groom your animals without the hassle or grooming costs
bigger size and cheaper in price than at the store ! use to be a couple dollars cheaper on here but still a good price .
works well . better than the little plastic ones . gets into the coat better . i work recommend it to a friend .
it isn't as powerful as i needed . i am considering returning it . i need a more powerful pump . this one may now do .
i have very big dogs and they think of these as a nibble , so finding a way to get them in volume packaging cheaper is a gift .
these filters are necessary for my drinkwell stainless fountain for my kitties . they love the fountain - not really the filters
this litter is terrible and did not last long . it does not contain urine or feces smell well and the smell stayed even after cleaning .
we cute these up into smaller bite size bits because we are also training our puppy . he gobbles them right up !
the blue base of this dish melts when washing and gets all over work gloves and other dishes being washed .
my vet recommended this years ago and it is much less expensive on amazon.com . it gives my cats a very shiny , healthy coat !
yeowww is right , my cats had a ball with this toy , they still play with it.great toy would highly recommend this for cats .
these filters are easy to install and keep the water fresh . my pets love this fountain and these filters keep it clean and running smoothly .
wonderful product .. animal planet has never let me down . washes great and is so soft . my dogs love it . very happy .
this product works very well . i highly recommend it to anyone trying to remove the stain / odor of dog pee from carpeting .
cats loved this item . it's pretty small and the only draw backs are that it collects a lot of hair and dirt .
i've been using these for several years now . they work fine for my corgis ( 35 lb dogs ) and would work for a larger size dog too
my chihuahuas ate the crust off of these bones then didnt touch the bone again . so , the bones are just l ; aying around .
it's a great idea and was a real pleasure to use , until the spring broke after 3.5 mos of use .
this think flys like a real bird when you circle it . my 20 lb lazy main moon cat even chases it .
this package has three flavors th cats love . the gravy is the icing on the cake . it helps get liquid in them also .
the cat loves it . he gets 1 can a week on sundays.good value , and he loves the seafood flavors the most .
high quality canned food . my bichon does not relish this as well as others . grain free is a big plus .
my cat is allergic to chicken , and this was one of the few foods out there made with turkey instead
it cost a lot in the begging but in the long run it will cost less the more you use it .
sand storms .. great for keeping dust and debris out of my dogs eyes when we are camping in the desert . she doesn't seem to mind these goggles .
some difficulty in putting together but not too bad . very stable bed for my 50 lb boy . bought another because i was happy with the purchase
my furry friends love the flavors in this mix pack . they were delivered on time and not damaged . i will order them again .
lasted a long time with my two dogs ripping it back and forth . it did eventually come apart but that's inevitable . we have always loved kong
he didn't really seem to like this very much . not sure why , as he enjoyed previous purchases from other sellers .
i have a multi cat household . this works so much better than a plastic scoop . i highly recommend this !
how cute fits is great love the colors easy to get on and off.great for after bath and as it gets colder outside .
i got the original drinkwell fountain as a second fountain , so the cats have an alternative place . they love the fountain and the filter works fine ,
our mini-aussie is a bit challenged by the size of this toy but loves it anyway . super durable and made in the usa in montana !
really great size , but sadly is really only an 8 sq ft cage . i love it though , i would definitely recommend to everyone !
it worked like i assumed it would . it quenched my crickets . there honestly isn't much to say except that the price was pretty reasonable .
this is a super comfy bed ! the hood comes off very easily and will not collapse when attached.very happy with this product .
just as described and better quality than i expected . can not wait for the matching collar to be delivered . just enough bling on it .
love that it is made in the usa , feel that that it is safer and the dogs love them . keeps them occupied when outside .
i feed several feral cats and bring the fleas inside to my cats . with one treatment , no more scratching cats and no more fleas on my socks .
these work great ! serves there purpose . has a safety on it . i use them on my large dogs . very durable .
very happy cats here ! great price and hours of fun for them.it ' s cute to see them play together.buy and enjoy ! we are !
my cockatiels go crazy for this product i have in my avaiary 13 birds they chew 1 down in 2 days .
way smaller than i expected ! but it'll do the job . its like the size of my hand , i was expecting bigger
my dog would only pee in the house when we were gone , so this works wonderful ! he does not mind wearing it .
this product really made my yard smell good for awhile .. and my dogs used the yard more often to piddle since it removed most of the urine odor
reads the temp in c or f and seems accurate.it does what it is meant to do and does it very well
this was advertised as being 3.5 lbs . it was a 2.5 lb package . also the product was very old and very dry .
using this in the nature made composted . easy to measure , tidy to use , provides ample ' brown ' for the electric composted .
as an k - 9 leo , i've tried many collars and harnesses from various companies and this one fits the bill to a " t " .
my corgi loves them , which is great . unfortunately they do have kind of a warm kelp on the beach smell to them .
or at least mine do ! i have 5 little guys and two of these disappear pretty quickly ! will purchase again .
haven't received anything , just ordered it today , but already tried before from petco . let's how it is for this package .
my 3 month old kitten loved it , even after one of my dogs took out the stuffing . i'll definitely buy another .
i like it . it's still alittle big for her but she'll grow into it . she cries when i put it on her .
this product is amazing and costs so much less than at the pet stores , and works the exact same way .
dog loves it , multiple flavors available and i don't expect to switch until puppy is older .
i have used this collar for nearly two years . i love it and it has lasted well . i haven't had a single issue .
nothing special about this shampoo . it doesn't make it shinier or anything that other shampoos can't do . live and learn .
you can spray it just about anywhere you want and your dog will at least temporarily avoid that spot . that's all i've got to say about that ...
i have nothing bad to say , just wish there were more for the money . my doggie loves them and i would think they are good for his teeth
these are nice and thick and it takes a little while for him to chew on them . i like them
this is like a giant cat toy . my dog will run chasing this and become exhausted fast . good quality materials .
my dogs were happy to get a new toy but weren't really interested in this at all . not sure why but i wouldn't get another one
very good lot better then other 1 i order few month ago like day & night rats never brake out this 1 other 6 got out i know of
my papillons seem to like the taste of these . they are a good small treat that is not too much . can give several a day .
these would be great for holding a very large dog in the tub . they're useless for securing a small dog to the kitchen sink !
unable to determine where to cut my dog's nails ; decided to return the clippers . follow advice of the other reviewers .
this is a wonderful treat and my two dogs always love them . well worth buying and i will as well .
i use this product for every cleaning in my aquarium . it works great and is good for the fish . i highly recommend this product for any aquarium .
my dog doesn't process grains well so this food works . gas almost completely gone . i recommend it for any dogs .
indestructible . i've lost a couple of these , but my dog has never destroyed one--and he's an expert in his field of ball eating .
these are also a great treat to share with other dogs and is used as a training tool for my service dog
this is a great toy / chew for any dog ! a little pricey because they don't last very long if you have an aggressive " chewer " .
to my surprise this was much larger than expected , not much more to say but that it does its job
4 stars for this one just because the chinchillas sometimes gnaw on it but i wouldn't say it's their favorite toy .
crystal gets her senior vitamins very morning . i just put it on top of her wet food and it is the first thing she eats from her bowl .
these are just the right size and are so easy to travel with . only thing i could wish for is that having them just a little thicker
nice pump-good power and quiet . has adjustable air flow and two out puts . much better than more expensive , better known brands .
i have used this kit twice and it seems to work very good . i would recommend it to others and i will buy another when i need it .
this bed is the alternate place to curl up for the cat who did not get to the cat pad on the couch first .
smells fresh . my 10 # dog loves it . seems it is easily digested . expensive , but of course she is worth it ! !
my cats would not touch this can food . must be something in the product . i have nothing more to say .
shaped safely for a large dog although not as big as i would expect when described as large dog toy .
we have an american bulldog and he destroyed the ball in minutes . i expected something with the name " tuff balls " to last through the day .
being a trainer , i've used a few different types of clicker and so far these are my favorite . can't go wrong !
i love that all wellness canned food is grain free . feeding my cats grain free helps losses shedding and urinary tract issues
all i can say is my dogs love it . it is expensive but i have two little papillons and i think they are worth it !
use it every time i brush and groom the dogs . nice , easy to use and gets the job done fast .
this is one of the few toys our dog can have a good while before he gets to the sqeaker-it is a keeper ! !
all the cats like it so i lucked out . i was worried but they get bored so i tried it out . they're happy so im happy .
mydog loves stella & chewey products so this was quite a treat which i can take with me for treats on the go .
i bought these for my 4 month old kitten and she liked them . she swats them around and chews off the feathers .
recommended by our akita breeder - this is the best food for my dogs !
my bulldog love to shew & destroy her toys , so far she has not been able to destroy the kong ! ! !
my dog had an ear infection and the vet prescribed it . i will always keep one at home in case it happens again .
my dog doesn't seem to like it too much , but i try to apply a little every now and then .
excellent litter box . thick and well-made . i'm glad i got a purple one because it matches my guinea pig's cage .
these fits in any throwing device which is great . so easy to clean . and these are cheaper than in stores .
this is a very small harness would work on younger kittens but not grown cats to small for the cat we got it for ..
using the flourish tabs is ok but don't expect miracles . having good substrate is more importanti will say i use these to enhance root quality
this comb is perfect for grooming my pet her hair is thick and she has a lot of it and this comb makes it easy to comb through it
while i would never put banana chips and chicken together , my malitipoo absolutely loves this treat ! i have also found them to be a great training reward .
nice waterer however some of the birds dont use it and still like the old water cup over it . takes longer time to clean all the parts .
the quality of this leash is terrific . i get compliments on it all the time . i'm sure we will have this for years .
great price , easy install and removal in a blink , fots my small suv door like a glove ! would buy again !
it's no furminator , but it does the same job in finer , smaller strokes . the curved handle design does not really do anything .
after 10 minutes of brushing , i have enough hair from my malinois to make a whole other dog . it works .
wonderful cat tree ! ! very durable and sturdy . my cat loves it ! it is also very attractive in comparison to other cat tree climbs i've seen .
have used on my 3 dogs for years . love the fresh smell it leaves on their coat and sheen . all top performance shampoos are top quality .
these help my dogs breath . it is right for small dogs . i use daily after a meal and my little dogs breath is improved .
cats love it , hold a lot of clean water , and is fairly quiet . i even got complements from a repair guy .
actually all my dogs love my puppies chews . have to keep them away.great for that biting stage of saying no and replacing with the chew !
every toy i buy my pitbull she goes right through this toy is still very much together very happy with all kong products
run on the larger size but the price was rightnext time i will get one size smaller
my dog does not mind me brushing his teeth thoroughly . the paste must taste good for him to accept . i am a repeat buyer .
the kennel is spacious and sturdy . our dog is not afraid to go in this like she was the enclosed crate .
this is excellent . i believe this mat tracks more cat litter than any other mat i've ever gotten for my cats .
my congo african gray loves these . i have both original and mini and he will happily chew on whichever is closer .
what a great toy for a parrot ... very sturdy and my parrot took to it straight away ... highly recommend for middle to large size birds
i returned this item . well made and nice looking . it was way too large for my tiny toy poodle . too bad .
my three furbabies have eaten this hill's ideal balance savory venison recipe in thepast and it continues to be one of their favorites .
i use it in a two gallon tank for a beta and its just right . would be a little small for any thing much larger .
my shorkeys love this food and they are very healthy . i generally feed them a combination of wellness and blue buffalo .
love the litter genie . refills so easy to install . i took away two stars for the price . way overpriced . needs to be cheaper .
not sure why ... but these are a favorite with my dogs . i use them to stuff and " hide " within the puzzle toys .
nice and cozy bed . perfect size for my 7lb dog who likes to keep warm . the color is very nice , too .
my dog is a 7 - month old westie . he's 10 lbs and this fits really well . he's super cute and easy to get on .
we needed containers that would keep ants out and this works perfectly ! mine came with a scoop which was nice !
my pit / lab mix destroyed every squeaker immediately ! but the sheep held up pretty well so she still plays with it despite the squeaker shortage
my 5 cats love this . they chase each other through it and love the crackling sound it makes . even my 23 pound make cat can get through it.lol
like the idea works best with plastic grocery bag . pull out bags twist and waste clogs neck and doesn't drop down .
i breed cats and replace cat furniture yearly . this piece is well worth the price and my cats love the height .
this stuff is awesome ! ! one of my cats was peeing on the carpet . this stuff really does take the smell out ! ! love it !
get only the best food for your dog find a brand that works and they will eat it and live forever
i bought several types of dog shampoos and this one is very good my dog had skin allergies and it helped clear it up .
recommended for supervised play only . my chocolate lab had the covering off in 30 minutes . it is now a two winged toy .
only complaint is it took me 20 to 30 minutes to wash out , you get what you pay for but it will work
it totally broke and i threw it out . u r better off getting an extension hose for your handheld shower .
i wasn't paying attention & paid more for this 6.6 lb bag than the 11 lb bag costs ! need more coffee , i guess ...
this works great with the collar . however , if you have a dog that eventually gets used to it , then it's useless .
they work well ... they are made well . they groom my dogs well . what more is there to say for now .
smells very fresh , and my birds come running for it ! it is a great treat that is not unhealthy junk .
my cat goes nuts over his da bird toys ! he plays so hard he pants like a dog and flips like an acrobat .
smells good . seems to help relieve some of my cat's dry skin conditions in the winter time . would buy this product again .
they are awesome and keep my boys warm ! they fit great ! will be ordering more for sure ! very very happy ! :)
bought it for the fluval edge , 6 gallon . it fits perfectly in the filter slot . make sure you rinse properly .
these work quite well and hold a surprising bit of moisture . the size is nice and it's a great value compared to local big box stores .
this bin is great and i store dry food in it right beside the stove in the kitchen . takes up little to no room . thanks !
nice toy for the boys ! they love to throw it . boys = pomeranians .
nice , sturdy bright light . just what i needed to light up my aquarium . i really like the night setting , the blue is nice and calming .
easy to put on . works great ! i have a chocolate lab who used to pulled me down the street . walking is actually pleasant now .
they work but i really wish they were smaller as they are quite large for my small jack russell's mouth .
m cat started spraying my house a few years ago after putting my carpet and furniture on the fire i tried it and it worked . no more spraying .
some of the spacing is too large for finches and the hanging dishes do not fit the spacing of the bars . but the birds seem happy in it .
i have tried other products but this one is the best ! i try to make sure i always have plenty of this brand ahead of time .
they like to bite it occasionally and they have no problem moving it around their cage it is not too heavy or too light
my dog loves his working dog stew ! i put a few spoonfuls on top of his dry dog food each morning and he eats it like candy .
i like that i am able to refill the trainer with air . so , that i will always be able to count on getting a good night's sleep .
bought this because we put in a doggie door and didn't want the cat to get out but she wentout several times
my fussy cat will eat some of it but i then have to give the rest of the can to my other not fussy cat
just what we needed . the replacement cartridges are a bit pricey , but they do work . if you have a cat , you will like this item !
my puppy enjoy's this so i purchased it for my other two dogs . they just love these pacifiers especially for teething .
great , but ; because of the curvature of the blade , these scissors are designed to be used with the right hand .
this product works well and seems to be reliable when taking the temp of your tank . it reads pretty accurate .
purchased this for a friend and within about a week it started leaking . check the dimensions also , much larger than i thought .
this product does not work at all anymore . the ticks appear to be immune to it by now . they need to change their formula .
they work , but are not very sturdy . the blades can be turned completely over , and they do on their own .
i should say i assume they're yummy ! my dog loves them and literally flips for them . they've been very useful in helping to train him , too .
my cats love this food and it is good for them - that is a treat and piece of mind for me .
i use this for my cat to feed food and water at night while she sleeps in the carrier . perfect construction works well on the carrier ! recommend !
my dogs didn't care for this at all . one crunch and it was dented permanently ! was of money . too bad-it looked like a great idea !
instant hit ! this is my very picky melsie's favorite toy . the feathers look and move like real prey . great exercise for your indoor cat .
why would someone pay $ 4 for this and then pay $ 10 to ship it ? i don't understand that !
this past the first test ... my dogs loved it . provides much needed ingredients when dogs needed soothing in a tasty treat . i was not disappointed .
wahl pro pet clipper kit not as loud as some not too noisy my younger dog does not like the loud noise
the ears arrived just as they were expected , same day , nice clean product ! i will be ordering more for my own and my cleint dogs !
these toys are a complete waste of time and money small dogs kill the sqeeker in less than a minute
my cats love this and it matches our decor :) so , win-win ! a pretty scratching post and fun for the kitties !
this product really does work from the very first shampoo . i have continued to use it and have totally cleared up the skin problems .
this product is utterly fantastic and pet stains cannot even be detected under a black light after treatment . highly recommended for pet-filled households !
this works well , my dog doesn't seem to mind the taste at all . i mix it in with her wet food . kind of expensive though .
the dogs just love the taste and there is lots to a bag . it settles the dogs down for quiet time in not time at all .
my 22 inch red tail catfish loves this stuff . it has a strange smell to it thow so i always put it in a shaker with a lid
maggie waited in the kitchen every night for her milk-bone before bedtime . the day was not complete without them . absolutely the best .
the litter just sits on top and the cats can still drag it all around the house . i don't think it works very well at all .
good product my kitties love it . this is a good size for multiple cat homes . i put used portions in my tupperware and refrigerate until net feeding .
it gets super hot and i can't get the clipper off ... arnold in his hay day must have tightened everything on this thing ...
nice . does its job and i don't have a lot of litter around the house . i give it 4 stars because i think it's a bit overpriced .
excellent quality , dont think this would ever wear out , way better than plastic , has good control of air , would buy again , thanks .
this shampoo works well on my yorkies . it lathers nicely and leaves their coat soft with a very pleasant scent . i will continue to use this product .
seems to work well as advertised . used on a old cat urine stain . applied product 2 x on the area and it worked well .
even my 18 year old cat perked up and took interest . something about the sinuous , snake-like movement it makes when you pull it across the bed .
the cats love this food . it has a lot of gravy though , so be aware of that if you have cats with weight problems !
gift for our son's cats . one likes to play with the hanging toy in the hole . the other likes the scratcher .
has helped so very much . the sores are disappearing and the scabs are gone . hardly any itching and he seems a lot happier
i ordered these pods for my reef tank ! my fish loved them ! i will be ordering more when i run out !
i loved the idea of the busy buddy toys , but then i found out that these products were made in china and had to throw them all away .
he isn't super crazed about it all the time but he does really get into chewing on this , also he knows its his and he's keeping it .
cats hardly touched these . the regular furry mice , they love those much more . they didn't play with these very much . mediocre , at best .
my black lab enjoys toy more than he other one does , and sorry about the delay , my internet was down for a couple weeks .
this ball has become my pets favorite toy . it is fun to watch him amuse himself with this product as well as playing catch with him .
i bought this for my " grand pups " for christmas and it was a great looking product and super easy to assemble !
these are not the bite size , my baby turtle cant eat it at all , i got to break them inorder to get it feed
fits 2013 subaru outback well , covers seat , stays in place with 55 lb english bulldog . protects well against drool and paws dirty from wet ground .
my dogs enjoy playing with the safestick dog toy - they will play tug with it . it was a good price .
great for trimming all around your pet's body . i have 2 pomapoos and they make my job easier when grooming their legs .
it's amazing how cats know when you switch their brand of food . finicky is underrated at this point . my three children love it .
my dogs love them , but since they can't type or speak english , i have to assume they approve of me giving them a 5 - star review .
its a bit smaller than i was hoping for , but it works ! my own fault for not figuring out exactly how big its listed as being .
the velcro is really stiff & my puppies scratched at it so they didn't wear them long but i did like that they were adjustable
it really takes away the smell of accidents . don't have to use too much ( just finished the first bottle ) . use it on anything
my rabbit loves these ! she snatches them & runs off to keep all to herself . wish that it came with more seagrass though .
he's good at counting too and no way were there 50 of these in the last bag , when you give one a day , having fifty is important ..
i have to give my dog two of these a day and the price can't be beat when you are buying these in bulk .
our little " buddy " likes this hay .. he eats it entirely ... not a lot of waste and a good deal for the cost . will buy again
this is a good quality leather leash . nicely designed . sadly it didn't work for the shenanigans of my new puppy so i had to return it .
i changed to this pouch after using the biscuit buddy . this pouch is ok but i prefer the biscuit buddy .
we have a 14 year old jack russel with bad teeth and a picky palette . she gives halo a " thumbs up . "
my dog who is a red nose pit bull , has no interest in playing with this ball . we have 2 smaller sized and he prefers them .
really good product . my dogs go to the woods a lot and ticks are everywhere . they didn't get any ticks on them this time
my 10lb . 8 month old pup tore this up the very day she got it . there was nothing tuff about it .
the dog got it in 2 seconds and what a neat way for her to have treats and just additiona food ,
bought this for my cats love it and it works great does everything it promises to do and smell good to
my dogs love all the different flavors ! this had big chucks of turkey and duck , which my dogs love ! great !
i was unhappy with 1st pair but company promptly replaced and very happy with 2nd pair may have been defect with 1st one ? great value
my diamond doves took some time getting used to this food , and even now there is still food waste . still a good buy though .
we have a mini-dachshund and she goes through lots of these bags . we always pick up after her and this product is cheap and meets the need .
both my dogs love these and the're a great value . i don't really know what else i can say about dog treats .
we use them every day . it would be nice if they were a ittle bit thicker , but they work just fine
i have around 7-8 cats & they all love the treats . they have learned what opening the package sounds like ... and they come running !
it's a little bigger than i thought and the paw print on the front of it is kind of lame . it's pretty good though .
the cats like playing with it . since you can add fresh catnip it does not get old for them . cleaning out the old catnip is a pain .
nice ! so easy to change , keeps the water clean and clear . my dogs and cats drink more water with the circulation in the fountain .
i love these treats because they are easy to break apart and are great for training treats . not to mention my puppy loves them ! !
we have about 4 of these tuffy toys for our 2 year old golden , they're the only toy she can't rip apart !
works well for my snake , only negative is the background which has enough room for the snake to get behind so i removed it .
our outdoor area is suffering through a major flea infestation . having tried frontline without success , we waited some time before trying advantage . worked like a charm .
o really like the poles . they are light weight and easy to adjust . i would recommend these for class or personal use .
i have an older cat ( 13 ) so i give her fiber every morning in a small amount of wet cat food . she gobbles this stuff up .
our shar-pei mix is very opinionated . she says no . she'd rather drink the mud water at the doggie park than this .
works fine except it is a lot smaller than i expected it to be . i use it on my sheltie and it does the job .
the vibrate gets my dog's attention in the house . not so much outside . i like using my clickers way better .
i only buy frontline for my dog and it always seems to work . thanks frontline !
i knew what these were and they were just what i wanted . great for a quiet clicker to use in the ring .
no wires , no fence just an audible signal then slight shock . two years later my dog stays in his boundaries even without the collar .
got this last week , put it in the tank and it sank straight to the bottom . total waste of time and effort .
this jacket is much bigger than the specified measurements - it is way too big for my dog and there is no hole for the leash to go through .
easy to digest - must have a deligtful flavor - they enjoy it so much - i highly recommend for picky eater finch birds .
purchased this for a friend who'd just taken in a pitbull rescue . she said the dog went crazy over it right from the start . loves the squeaks !
this was a refill for a turbo scratcher i had purchased previously . bergen makes quality pet products that my pets actually use and enjoy !
fits my 40 lb bags of food well . it is easy to pour the bags into this bin . it seems like the seal is very good .
same as the hairball treats of this brand . all 3 cats hated them , smelled and walked away . i don't blame them .
this product is one of very few dental pet sprays that actually works . applied consistently , it does a great job on dogs teeth .
i have to keep buying packs of these every couple of months . my cats love them and manage to lose them like socks in the washer . :-)
my dogs loved these all natural treats and they are good for them . always soft and fresh , never brittle , fantastic treat .
it is working great ! it's clean and you don't have to clean the waste yourselve . my cat also having fun watching it !
my dogs love these and it works well with my dogs who are sensitive to certain grains . would highly recommend .
it's a little stiff when new , but softens over time . just the right length for the dog to be close enough but not under your feet .
they are nice handy sized bits . and our puppy adores them . and they don't turn into a mess of crumbles .
helped keep my dog's eyes moisturized when used 3-4 times per day . liked how it spreads over the eye surface .
remember you only need a few pea sized pieces to glue rocks and even smaller pieces for frags . will be buying more
pretty cool idea . lab loved it for a while ... then it broke when it got tossed onto the driveway - bye , bye , toy !
kitty loves his treats , so getting a good price on these was excellent ! he has to have treats , so i stocked up on these while on sale
used it as a water bowl for travel . right size and having it be pop up made things simple when packing and using .
this think is great i use it every day to move or replant my live plants in my tank that my fish uproot .
milo has to eat more slowly than usual . he eats better , still messy , with food on the floor , but it's great .
my two cats just adore this toy . they even like it better than the " da bird " . it's a must buy !
my dog is extremely happy to be able to catch this disk and to shake it or play tug of war with it
perfect for my puppy . she absolutely loves it . would recommend good quality product although it was a bit pricier than other competitive items
my dog loves these very much ; especially the fresh flavor ones . these are only snacks she throughly enjoys to eat .
i will use this shampoo periodically and can't really say anything negative about it and i guess it does the job but it is not one of my favorites .
this is a perfect fit for our pet compared to the previous one i had this is much better keeps just the right amount of water
i love it , it's so quiet plus my pets put their paw approval on this item . easy to maintain daily
this really is a nice crate at a good price . i never use the top door but the ventilation is probably good .
this airline is too stiff and it does not fit other air accessories nipples without really forcing it on with pliers
our dog chewed right through the plastic outer part in no time . this was actually smaller than i had expected too when it arrived .
so far so good . my aggressive chewer hasn't destroyed this yet . 2 months and counting . the shape make for interesting bound paths as an added bonus .
received broken glass is super fragile looks cheap ... looks like it would break if you look at it to hard lololol
works pretty well . i have notice a positive change in my fish so , i will continue to use it when needed .
these treats are made in the usa which is a must for our family ... and are the perfect size for training . our border collie loves them !
this crate is fairly easy to set up ... once you figure out which way to open the sides . easy to carry with suitcase handles .
this is a nice gentle shampoo for our two bichon frises . it has a pleasant fragrance , not perfummy or strong .
keeps my dog's teeth clean and fresh . she goes crazy for her greenies which is just a bonus since they are a healthy treat for her .
i have several dogs and they don't like the taste of these vitamins . i have to conceal them in peanut butter to get the dogs to eat them .
i was disappointed , i have 6 cats and they are all afraid of it ... not one cat will play with this toy ...
just the right size for my dogs , who are 8 and 10 lbs . i use riveted name tags and they fit just right on this size collar .
my dog is growing and he fits perfectly in this is durable and greats for big dogs .. perfect for growing dogs
if you are going to buy zukes - buying them on amazon is your best bet - best price for value . great for training
love the color of this bowl . while i wish it was a bit heavier the design can't be beat for this price .
i purchased three of these and i gave one to my daughter and so far they are working very well and seem to be made of quality materials .
i bought two , one blue and this one for my cats and it is super practical and does the job perfectly
dog loves it . she carries it every where . it is made of tuff rubber . our dog is not a chewer . she is a gsd .
this combo package is great . i love the size of the tank and the fact that it comes with everything but the fish is a good thing .
no complaints here . i am through 1 roll so far with 0 problems . thicker bags and well sized . the bone is smaller than the ones at petco
our vet put our kitty on this product and we and kitty love it . this much cheaper than purchasing it from our vet .
the picture makes you think you are getting more than one . i figured it was just one antler but it should be made clear it is just one .
training a puppy to come back can be challenging but this is an inexpensive method to help . would def purchase again .
blossom likes this one occasionally . i like that they are dry on the outside so they do not go stale so quickly
my little pom sticks her head right in theses goggles . they work great and look super cute too . wish they had more colors .
sizing is correct , love the pattern , my 4 lb dog wears it with a rivet on tag , seems to be pretty sturdy and hope it lasts .
my dog loved it ! he just kept thanking me over and over , and wagging his tail . that made me love it .
my dogs are obsessed with these . with how hot it gets and how specific i am with what they eat these are a great ice treat !
bought this product for my golden retriever and dog started chewing it and had to throw it out.not for dogs that chew .
the cats seem to like it , and it's less messy than catnip leaves in a bottle , which get strewn around .
good concept ... not sure the ingredients are safe to use daily ... will likely use once a week to be safe . thanks , cd
yep it entertained . i wish the squeakers lasted a little longer but for an afternoon or two of fun , perfect .
if i had known what these actually were , i would not have purchased them . these are useless for our beagle and not very durable .
i bought these because they have limited ingredients which is good for allergic dogs . my dogs seem to like them so it works for me .
using this for my 10 gallon fish tank with an air pump and works great . no leaks and works as expected .
my parakeet and parrotlet were both frightened by it , and never learned to use it . i thought the sound was kind of annoying myself .
replaced the plastic attachment piece on the poop bag holder with a small carabiner and it works perfect . bags work like bogs are supposed to .
awesome product . does what it states for a great price . bright led lights with 2 100 watt plugs . very dependable so far
i give this to my kitties when they are on an anitboitc , it has alll the good bacteria in it.seems to taste good to them also .
great toy for your already spoiled cat . a lot of shoot and miss with other toys , this one is a hit !
i would probably get a different name brand next time , this air line is a bit overpriced for what it is .
my dog doesn't really have any interest in this toy .. it's hard to put dog biscuits into and as of yet we haven't enjoyed it much ..
they do what they show . unbelievably handy for picking up little worms and dubia roaches for my lizard
the conure really likes this . but when i clean it some of the dye comes off with just water , and it worries me some .
i've had many different cat scratchers and my cats love this one for some reason . they wake up and go and scratch it
my cat absolutely loves this product . it's a little expensive when comparing to other treats but he doesn't get them everyday .
very cute and they have not seemed to tear this one up yet so it must be well made cute
dogs love this chew toy , its thier favorite there is a squeeker in it also which makes it even better ! !
i like the product because packaging is easy to use & is effective in helping keep the dogs teeth whiter
i have wire fox terriers and the only type of chew toy i can give them is the durachew nylabones . they are great !
this product has worked well for the dogs in the past so i am trying it for my cat . easy to apply , much easier than pills !
my boxer loves peanut butter and these treats are an excellent substitute for real peanut butter ! he would eat the whole box if given the opportunity !
these feathers are nice . good quality and realistic . but my cats prefer the simple 2 - feather kind . it's just their preference .
realistically , it's never easy to brush your dogs teeth . this is ... slightly easier . good size for small mouthes . i have 2 jack russells .
my dog just loves this product . she will take this treat and is just off to the races to chew it up .
these are great because we put one in each car glovebox . if we are out wiht the puppy , easy to give him water .
durable strong and fun the dogs have not stopped playing with these they bounce float and can't be chewed up
squeaker was out in about 5 minutes , from then on it was shredded to pieces . it got shook around and just kept coming apart .
great product , well made and with a excellent price ! it is almost a must for this summer and i totally recommend this product !
used it as a pre-filter to my hang on back aquarium filter . if you need heavy mechanical filtration , it will clog easily .
i got this formy girlfriends sisters new girl beagle . it looks very cute on multi-colored dogs . plus she likes camo . itkinda looks camo-y
wanted a " healthy " snack for my cat.she literally mugs me whenever she hears / sees me with the bag lolgreat buy , great value .
am looking forward to using this in introduction of new persian kitten to older one . safe harbor for the newbie .
i've used this for 2 years and it's a great product.it does everything it says it will . you should buy .
did nothing to deter barking . did not phase a 2 year old peek-a-poo when it was close or far away .
i suspect the open areas are too small and overall the product was too enclosed and my cats were not the least bit tempted to play with it .
i have a little moster golfin cockatoo and he hasnt been able to destroy this whooooohoooo ! ! ! thank u very much
well , this was a disappointment . i bought this food wanting good quality food formy dogs , but they will not eat it .
it seemed difficult initially but puppy breeze through after 1 week .. highly recommended for small dogs only . the step is small for big dogs .
it cleans up well and catches the " accidents " that sometimes happen . i just throw it in the washer and hang it up to dry .
absolutely wonderful , both of my dogs can tolerate it , works perfect on my staffordshire terrier and my miniature dachshund's nails . gets the job done .
my puppy loves these ! not only do they keep her entertained forever but she really enjoys chewing on them and the yummy taste ! would definitely recommend these !
to start off , this is just white lava rock . still its very porous , it hasn't clogged , and my cycle is doing well
they work fairly well but only fit one toy . if they were a little smaller around they would fit the ball .
my twin rat terrier / chihuahua mixed dogs really enjoy gnawing on it and i love the fact that they cannot destroy it ! !
terrible . didn't hold form when being scooped . crumbled into little pieces , and has terrible absorbency . i do not recommend purchasing .
i would recommend this toy to anyone . it's fun , it floats , it's cure .. what more do you need ? definitely love it !
she was enticed to eat it after smelling it , for whatever reason . i will have to find another dog or throw the product away .
this product was exactly what i wanted and a bargain too ! it is well made and i don't expect the bells will fall off either .
got this for my cat but he did not like the taste of it . gave it to a friend and have not heard back yet .
my dog loves this . she is a pug and it is the perfect size . it stretches and squeaks so she is entertained .
i really like these doggles for my doggie . i have a pair the same color and we look pretty cool wearing them as we go for walks .
our cats go nuts for this fabric on a stick . if the cats didn't love it , i wouldn't be giving 5 stars .
cute and good for chewing but i am disappointed that my guinea pig can't fit underneath it . it is too small despite being advertised for guinea pigs .
this product is excellent ! it is quiet and cuts cleanly . added bonus of using cordless . added bonus also is the extra heads .
our yorkies love this treat . i just wish i could find this treat more affordable and made in the usa .
we have two scratch lounges . both my cats love them . they definitely use these to get out their aggression ! furniture saver !
her favorite toy , we're ordering another one . finally she found the seam--oh dear.had to distract here while we buried him .
i have 3 dogs and i use a lot of pill pockets . this 6 pack deal is very good for me . they are fresh and delivered promptly .
this leash feels well made and strong . it is a little heavy but i think it will last longer than past leashes .
easily added to my cats wet food with absolutely no negative response from the crew ! i am feeding it to all 3 seniors i see a positive response .
this is a great , sturdy toy for dogs . my 3 little ones enjoy it a great deal . its lightweight yet is holding up well .
the clamps need hands of steel to openthe hose is almost impossible to aimwhat a waste of moneyperhaps the worst thing i have ever purchased from amazon
my budgies love this food . i am going to order more soon.it is fresh smelling and has a variety of seeds .
theses have been a staple for all our dogs their entire life . even with a high end grain free food these vitamins are the best .
this is a really great product . it makes it very easy to carry small dogs around .
really nothing special about this brush ... just a slicker brush with a sharp plastic piece to imitate a furminator tool
with the online data , text , videos i began training my pet amstaff and it really works , un just one week my dog kearn how to seat
sharp , fits the hand well , good action , well-placed nail guard , very comfortable and easy to use . a + in every regard .
this smells like what you might expect it would for freeze dried liver . but dogs go nuts for it . great to use for training .
my two dogs love these treats , i think they love almost everything . healthy and natural they enjoy them . great quality .
my three dogs enjoyed this ... their coat seems shiner than usual and it did not upset their stomach ... really happy that we tried it
great product that i have used for years . works well to stop the chewing that can occur with some dogs .
i've been using this for a while , and it seems to be controlling the tartar . this is along with brushing .
this empties our 3 gallon tank in a couple of minutes . works as expected . really can't complain for the price paid .
my girls love their frolic ! every evening we turn the lights down and let them have a good play session . the timer feature is awesome .
i like this product because my cat likes it . it makes it easy for him to get some dental care between his vet visits .
i use this with my lab puppy and it has worked to calm her down when she gets over-amped and agitated .
my cats absolutely go insane for this treat . they come racing when they hear the crinkling of the bag and consume every tasty treat and beg for more
my dog stops barking right away when i push the button on this works great for our dog and i'm sure it will for your dog to good product .
our puppy couldn't get enough of them and they're much healthier than alternatives . i'd definitely buy them again and i'm sure the puppy wouldn't mind either .
great price very attractive . my cat loves looking out the window . it is soft and comfortable for him and he is a large cat .
i don't like it because the cat won't eat it very much unless there is nothing else offered for a while ...
i had high hopes for this , but my cat won't drink out of this . it also gets dirty fast ... looks nice though .
i bought this along with a black light because i couldn't find the source of pee ... the light helped me find it and this eliminated the smell .
my dog loves them but they don't last too long . she makes quick work with these . must be tasty . i will buy again .
per smokey and bandit . these treats don't stand a chance in my house and are gone within a half hour .
great quality dog leash . we ended up purchasing two of these . simple and good quality what else could you ask for .
i give my 9 year old shih-tzu his allergy medication with this pill pocket . he never turns down his medication or spit it back out .
i didn't buy extra squirrels , as recommended . the fur does rip off easily , but my yorkies love them so much , i don't mind .
didn't have any affect on my crazy dog . he was just the same . the collar is powdery and a bit messy . but it does smell pleasant .
i feel good about feeding this food to my dogs . i can feed less and they stay in good condition . i wish it were not so expensive .
we have a drinkwell platinum fountain for our cats . they love it and the filters keep the water clean . highly recommend using the drinkwell filters .
this is a must have with african clawed frogs and many fish , i test weekly and stop old tank sydrome before it happens
this wasn't being used for a fish tank but rather a halloween decoration . it fit the bill and i have plenty left over for the next time .
my 5 cats love this turbo scratcher and one of my cats the black tiger is able to remove the white ball and hide it
healthy and my dog loves them , shipped fast and is a great product . will be buying more when i run out .
great product my dog loves it . he's a 10 lb yorkie and the size of the kibbles are perfect for him .
my cats all love it and i would recommend this treat for all cat owners . it's evidently a very tasty treat .
omega treats , whether duck or salmon flavor . they are so worth the price ! ! ! seven more words required now three more ! accomplished
i use this in a canister filter for my 72 gallon turtle aquarium . it works great , at a fraction of the cost of active carbon sold elsewhere .
i will buy the powder next time because it just seems to get hard and fall off and the quick will start to bleed again .
took a few days for my dog to accept it . she was on the chicken . she now enjoys it . no more allergies .
this is a great carrier . nice and big for my fat cat or a small tiny dog . the price was great .
works as advertised . handles easily , a lot less mess than litter . strongly recommend it . it is a little pricey but well worth it to me .
oh boy do my kitties like these . they bat them around unmercifully . the rescue kitties think they are terrific too .
i give it to all my hunting dogs as a little extra boost . i like it and will continue to use it .
he loves it , its affordable , there is no grain , and i even got my boss who shows greater swiss mtn dogs to switch over.no complaints !
these are too expensive but the cats do like them . i wish they could be purchased for a more fair price , but the product is good .
dogs love them - and they do great on thier breath . that's all i need them for so nothing else to say
not the best spring type toys , my cats don't care for them they like the other plastic type toys :-)
this worked for our 7 month old pit , after two times hearing this , all's he needed was to see the can .
my boys get a can of fancy feast as a snack at night and they look forward to it , no matter what flavor it is .
nice product i just add a little to the cats water and he does not even know it's in there so he is helping himself .
this doesn't hold enough for larger cats compared to another brand i bought . it wore off after three weeks also .
i only buy human grade pet foods sourced and produced in the united states . this is a product of thailand .
arrived quicker than expected . used with super pet hamster potty . works like a charm as it is easy to scoop and clean .
your only get 1 , not three as pictured . it is not worth the price paid . the toy is also very small
this is the only way that my dog will let me trim her nails back . they also have a good idea to help keep the hair away from trimmer
l-lysine is a great supplement to add to your cats ' wet food to prevent or cure upper respiratory symptoms . highly recommend .
good stuff for australian shepherds - they eat anything that sits still long enough , so panacur c is safe and effective !
too stiff to really stay circular . haven't used it yet . it's pretty though and the breakaway works fine , too . not for big cats .
every pet needs to have that soft furry coat and not scracthing . so glad i can purchase it at amazon .
one of my kitties is a complete snob when it comes to food and she loves this . great product to buy .
it's been a lot of fun training my pups with these things . my one lab hound mix is extremely stubborn and has reacted very well to this !
wonderful toy for my beagle dog she plays with it night and day and it is well very made it's invencible
it helps their ears smell fresher and give them a better feeling is what it looks like to me . all in all it works pretty good
decent small treat - small size is good for small dogs - easy to carry around in your pocket or training treat pouch
my dog loves these treats . she thinks it has a great flavor and loves how soft they are . she loves zuke's .
it is very good it helps my dog to be limber and more flexible . it is a very good price
excellent quality ! does a great job without hurting my dog by pulling or tugging ! removes tons of hair ! best price , too !
the priority with any treat is whether my dog likes it or not . she's rather particular . she liked the product .
one dog loved them , the other not so much . will try a different variety next .
unless you completely tighten it too tight , this thing is completely lopsided when you weigh it down . it made it awkward to walk with .
i lost some fish after a water change once & i'm happy that since i started using this conditioner i havent lost any more .
love it . fits our hamster perfectly . no need for another upgrade . small but still roomy . love it . would recommend to others .
it is probably okay . i bought one just to see if my dog liked it.she didn't get sick eating it .
need i say more-fancy feast--fish--cats--they love this and when i open a can they go wild-of course they appear sedate until eating-love this product
this is a nice scoop . has lines to tell you 1/2 cup measurements from 2 cups down to 1/2 . i'm buyin another outside .
this is the only wet cat food gabby will eat . god forbid the manufacturer ever stop making it just this way . !
my three dachshunds love to burrow and crawl under blankets . i only wish it had more structure to keep in open .
it takes away nasty cat spray odors and prevents cats from returning and spraying the same spot again . i'm going to order more very soon . ginger
my dogs love this , it is a good size for large dogs & tough , but i wish i was able to select which color i was getting .
my dogs don't like these as much as the greenies . i like that they arrived on time and would probably buy again .
this is my dog's favorite food dispensing toy . others have not help up or dispensed too quickly . he loves this one , empty or full .
right to my doorstep and for me it's hard to pick up those heavy bags , the price is good with free delivery i think it's a good deal
my cats won't drink out of it so it just sits on the floor making waterfall noises and providing water for the dead mosquitoes floating on top .. yeeha !
i used this to clean my 5 foot bird cage . i used a few sprays and a paper towel and everything wiped away easily .
i used this product for the first month and barely saw results shortly after that the dogs fur got noticeably better and all the shedding became minimal .
we bought this to use under her food / water bowls while we are traveling and staying somewhere other than home . it works great for this purpose .
my dog loves these . 100 percent all natural . not rawhide ! safe for animals to chew on . delicious enticing flavors that make my dog happy .
i have tried other cat grass ( pet store , grocery store ) and this is the one he prefers over the others .
love this product for leaving my high energy pups home alone . we bought the collar , but this seemed to work much better !
too small . puppy chi would not stay in it . need to return . can't find sales receipt . was isappointed , it s a cute little bag .
great all natural duck jerky treats . my pitt-mix zelda loves these tasty duck tenders , she allways wants more ! go smokehouse !
my kitties love this stuff its better for them than the wiskas so i'm glad that they like this one
the water was getting a little chilly for the fish , but i put in the heater and overnight they had the right temperature .
my bc plays with this ball every day ! keeps her busy for hours . bought 2 keep one in the house and one outside .
my boxer loves these treats . they're great as they fit in his treat balls which are his favorite toys ever .
i have all 3 of my dogs on this and i can see an improvement in 2 of them / would recommend !
my cats love this treat ! the size is well worth the money . a good value especially since they like the little treats !
they last a long time . i have major toy destroyers but even after they chew off the handle they play with the ball .
i have 5 small senior dogs . 3 have food allergies so this was a great alternative to cooking for them
good purchase for keeping fountain clean and fresh . fountain purchased recently because the cats love running water and i want it to stay clean
this works good for our tea cup chihuahua's ! they get lots of use from this waterer ! would recommend to anyone who needs one !
no odorclumps just rightno bottom of the box residuemost import point : kittehs like it and use itthis is about the orange bag ; we haven't tried the other .
plants love this stuff i am not kidding if you are concerned with price it is worth every penny.word
what a great leash . i gave it to my neighbor as a gift for her yellow lab . i wanted to keep it for my dog .
i change about 10 % of my water on a weekly bases . i have not had any problem with losing fish .
i use this with my toy poodle to get rid of / prevent mattes . it was recommended by my groomer and i am very happy .
the pet apparel industry needs to revisit their sizing standards . i love the shirt , just need a new size now
dogs love these and small enough not to make them gain weight also a good price for this item try them
i haven't seen one bird on it . i have it next to the feeder and hanging flowers they are attracted too .
kong toys are worth the money for those that have serious chewers , which i do . she really loves the frog ... hours of enjoyment
this holds a full 30 lb bag of food , no more than that . the height is perfect for my great dane mix puppy
each time you use this , you must take it apart . it's pretty tricky and hurts your dog's neck when removing .
i have two cats and neither of them will give this toy a blink . i'm giving it to the local shelter for their kitties .
[ ... ] my dogs simply love this stuff . good pass time chew treat and cleans their teeth as well . you can't ask for more
i used this in conjunction with algone nitrogen remover but the algae just kept on growing . i did better just cleaning off my glass and saving my money .
hight quality rawhide . great price . the dog loves them , i love the price . it's a win win all the way around ! !
kitty is happy ! great price on the greenies . i dont buy them often , but this was a deal to good to pass up .
the dogs love it . the cats love it . it really picks up the loose hair so i love it too .
good collars . great designs and colors . i have a big collection of them for my 3 girls . they like to change their accessories .
i have never seen a flea or tick on my dog , and give it to him year round . amazon has the best price , perfect all around .
got this for a gift for my neighbors cat . paws really likes to try to beat on the ball and chasing the ball .
i got this and was able to put a resale value of $ 120 a year later . this thing does its job and hold its price . great purchase
none of my larger / older ( 3 ) kittens will play w / this toy . it's very , very small . much better toys out there .
super big cat post . the cats love it . of course they still love my furniture , but this post helps keep them away from it .
my bunny sugar loves walking through this tunnel and she also loves to eat and chew it also . very sturdy
easy to install and adjust.reliable , haven't had any issues whatsoever.gets a 30 gal tank up to 80 ' f no problem
all natural , nice size , good crunch and made in the usa.very pleased and keep buying . no cons to this product .
this solution seemed to take care of the odor and the yellow stains . if you put it on area as soon as cat urinates it works exceptionally well .
we use this on a regular basis to clean my two sheepdog ears . works great and keeps ears clean and smelling nice .
cute pattern , heavy clasp . it seems to pull some on the collars . definitely wouldn't use it on a small dog .
seems to delight my dog and that's the way i can rate the product . will buy again in the future .
direct replacement suction cups made short work of rehanging the return hose . product came as stated and was cheaper than i could find in local pet store .
my wiemaraner puppy liked these chews . lasted for a while when he was younger but disappeared too fast when he got older .
i began to use it a days ago with my cats litter box , works good but you have to see the instructions
for what it is , you may as well just use real peanut butter . really serves no purpose , unfortunately . wouldn't really recommend it .
i like the lavender scent . bags are economically priced . good quality in general although i did have one tear when i opened it .
love that this has a strong clip to open and close the pouch . treats don't fall out when you bend over to play with fido .
my 53 pound dog and my client's 10 pound poodle both love this toy . it dispenses kibble and keeps the dog occupied .
this ball is easy to grip with puppy teeth . light enough to be carried . dries quickly if wet . rugged enough for a lab puppy .
works for my two rotties of course they are only 5 months thicker then the other bags i like them
i don't recommend as a permanent replacement for grooming , but it works great on those in between grooming needs , or light cleaning needs .
the rating is actually what my 4 cats think of this food . they adore it so therefore i adore it .
treats seem very dry and my dogs only like them a little bit . may or may not purchase them again . price is ok .
this is made of the good heavy duty gauge wire , not the thinner , cheaper quality stuff . i highly would recommend this product to anyone .
one of my cats favorite canned cat foods ; the clean their bowls . i feed my fur-babies mostly chickenbecause they don't seem to tolerate fish based food .
our dog is about 30 lbs . we refill it about once every 5-6 days . a good way to deliver fresh water .
my dream team of seven absolutely loves this cat tree . it is always occupied and getting better use than i ever would have thought !
these work in conjunction with the filter i ordered for keeping my goldfish indoors during long winter months in michigan
this product was recommended by a holistic vet and has proven to work well with my to border collies . amazon has a very good price and fast delivery .
this is the greenest most compact package of hay you will ever see . my guinea pigs eat this hay better than any other brand .
i have 2 very picky standard poodles and they have beenknown to stick up their noses at treats that other dogswould love . these , they like lots !
does not work has no effect at all . my kitten could care less should get cash back don't order it's a joke
my girl has allergies and these chew are great . she's been successfully eating them for several years - the shipping was super fast with prime .
use them in the cat playpen . fit is perfect . easy to clean in washer and dryer . would prefer a darker color .
my dog could eat these all day if i let her . our dog is very food driven and these always hit the spot for her .
my two guinea piggie girls seemed to think this food was just great.there was not much left behind in their bowl so i guess it was good .
this didn't end up being durable enough for our new lab . she destroyed it in a matter of 10 minutes .
cats used right away , can't hear any noise from it other than if i'm really close , then it is just a very light buzz .
i think that may be willow threats are best for bunnies , because my bunny loves only willow threats : sticks , balls , etc .
it clumps very nicely and i think it actually cut down on litter smell . not a bad price either compared to other litters .
having a persian and a himalayan , i feed them this cereal as a dry food and royal canin intense beauty as their wet food to compliment their diet .
i will be buying this dog food againg because of the price.it is a little less than the same food i buy at the pet store
perfect for protecting my home during this messy potty training phase . i love this gigantic size because it gives my mind more comfort . :)
my one year old boxer chewed this toy open pretty quick . she is an aggressive chewer . cute toy for a dog that is not a big chewer .
not what i expected at all . my little shih tzu doesn't like them so i wasted my money . would not recommend .
i could not see a difference in my cats . maybe if i put one in each plug in each rood .
my large 100 + dog enjoys eating these and they do seem to help . would recommend for a joint supplement for a large breed .
i bought this clipper blade to groom my maltese . they work great and attach very easily to my andis clipper . i highly recommend them .
works great for scooping my bearded dragons poop and it cleans up easily . there's really not much more to say .
it is ok . my dog did not like it but when i took the little squirrels out , she played with those .
the squeakers are too stiff . my morkie can't get them to squeak by chewing on them . they are very small .
i searched all over my hometown for professional show dog leads and theses were great ! they were exactly what i needed .
i purchased prime and api stresscoat . the prime works so much better without endangering your fish . will purchase again . ( if the gallon ever runs out )
after a few simple adjustments , very easy to use . my dog loves it , simple to put on , simple to take off .
they work as stated and maintain my two four gallons tanks at 76 degrees . just what i was looking for in a heater .
this product did not work with my dog and car . it would not fit in my car and allow my dog to move .
this product has really helped my dog and her skin problems related to allergies . the hydrocortisone helps her itching so she won't scratch or lick the problem area .
it's a nice kitten toy , but it's certainly not , " big " . the facing paper came off immediately . it fits under my bed for storage .
based only on no scent is why . but it works even for when we had a cat who had kidney failure which made him pee a large amount .
they're quite entertained and i don't hurt my foot stepping on them because they're flexible .
it is just cardboard , but for 11 bucks can't really complain .. my cat seems to like it , i toss some catnip on it at times .
i use this product to clean my dog's ears , and it seems to work quite well if nellie could only talk !
awesome toy for outside .. hours of fun and durability for the dogs to play with ... lots of back yard fun ! they love it ! !
muy bueno para lo que yo quiero . entrenar poco a poco con la costumbre de un sonido , a mi dulce yorkie
long lasting fun for you and your dog for as long as you can imagine , but again tougher materials are required
my cats love temptations in any form , and this catnip version is no different . every time they hear the bag rattle , they're there .
this item looks so cute , but is a little snug , but it will be fine . i find the back on these items is very different .
controversial on the substrate actually good for shrimps or not . i haven't had much problems.looks good and grains keeps its shape .
i have a cat who will sometimes use the floor instead of the liter box . these pad are very good for my cat's problem .
these are nice and small , healthy , and perfect when i just want to give my dog a small reward . i would absolutely recommend these !
it smells nice when you put it on , but doesn't really do much for the overall stink factor of old litter .
my birds seem for some reason will pick at a cuttle bone when in these in stead of being just by their self .
i have dogs w / allergies so i cook for them a lot .. i have recommended taste of the wild to family for their pups , dogs .
the price of this item is a little expensive for my taste . however , my ferrets love to play and sleep in it .
i love that i can keep my dogs nails nicely trimmed at home . this is not too powerful and is exactly what my groomer uses .
my dog thinks this food is a treat instead of food . she absolutely loves it . her favorite of course is the filet mignon . naturally .
i have pits and this stands up to their chewing so i highly recommend . it's outlasting everything else and they love it .
cheap food good for any 1 that really doesnt care about there fish growth or health aa a a a a a a a a a a a a
i have found this product to be invaluable for keeping up with sick kitty's helping them stay clean and odor free . much more easily tolerated than sink baths !
i haven't got to use this clipper much yet , but so far it has done excellent . i would recommend the oster brand to anyone .
not very tall . we sent it back as we knew our kitty would not like it at all . it way too small .
if you enjoy walking yor dog and experience fog at times , or walk at dusk , this is a safety must for your large dog .
not that my dog has ever snubbed a bone but for the price this is large and she hasn't put it down yet
very costly and expensive amd not much comes for you ... ecept the boogyman and iron man and superman and three more
bought it to help my son's senior cat get comfortable and she liked it . the extra warmth was a big factor .
worked perfectly for my external filter , in which i put activated carbon in these bags . i used them in my fluval fx5 filter ;)
the conure parrot thinks this is a lot of fun . he chews at it , swings it around , climbs on it .
good food . dog is healthy . wish he wasn't so picky and would eat it happily instead of just settling for it .
seems to work ; seems to help our cats with hairball removal . all of our cats love this as a bedtime treat .
i had this cat scratcher for about a year and my cats basically destroyed it . found another product , wouldn't repurchase this one .
cats love this product , especially when you put a little of the catnip on it ... never hear any complaints from them .
my rabbit loved this so much he ate the whole thing in a night . i couldn't believe it was all gone !
really worked to keep our dog and cats out of an area of the house where they are not welcome .
the quality of the baby shrimp is beautiful , and i feel good about feeding my fish . highly recommended to anyone with hungry fish .
when i saw this on the internet i like that i ordered it and it was just as it looked when i received it
i was worried my cats wouldn't drink from this product . all 6 of my cats love to drink from this fountain , it is easy to clean
my bassets love them . they are nutritious and helpful to keep your dog lean . my babies love them . i recommend this product , buy it !
my kitten loves this toy and it is pretty indestructable . he loves both ends of this ... likes to chew on the handle and chases it like crazy
won't buy anything else . it's the only flea and tick killer that will work here where i live in florida . is tolerated well by all our pets .
my boxers favorite toy by far . the squirrels squeak and she loves throwing the log around trying to get them out
since both of my cats seem to go hungry rather than eat this collection , i won't buy it again for them .
the larger size for some reason does not work the same ! ! ! could be suplier . i will stick to small size it works very well
it was an economical kennel liner and i'm very happy with it . i highly recommend it if you don't want to spend a fortune on a kennel pad .
this has been a blessing , works great , cats took to it right away .. no more cat odor .. thanks for a great product ..
our cat loves to play and hide these mice . he carries them around by the tail and loves to hide them .
i tried many different things before purchaseing this product after just one application the fleas where gone from my cats .
i have yet to meet a cat that didn't l o v e these treats ... even the most finicky cat will probably beg for more !
very light but substantial lead for my dog . looking for something that wouldn't weigh down my dog , but would be strong to keep her from bolting .
if you keep your cichlids in somewhat brackish water this is your product it is made for them and it is easy disolveplus its not standard table salt
all 6 of my cats love this . i've had this for 6 months and have had no problems with it . highly recommended !
my dog liked this one , and i would buy it again.no more market food for him when this is around .
this product lasted about 30 minutes with my african grey parrot . as you can see , there is an african grey in the pic . how misleading !
this is exactly what i expected . makes throwing the ball way easier ! ! the dogs get excited when they see me pull this out !
my cat loves his cat mat fountain and seems to drink more water . i love how easy it is to clean and to replace the cartridges .
have used this for years for bichon rescue fluffs . great product for a pick me up for dogs recovering from starvation and / or surgery .
can clip to my belt ( carabiner included ) and use to give pups water during walks in summer . seems to be well made .
our dog weigh less than 11lbs and this fit him nicely.he has plenty of room for him to turn around .
my dogs love the knot ends , of course they are the first things chewed off . they don't last too long with the pitbulls though .
good all around cat toy . i am happy i had purchased it . they still play with it when i pull it out - now months later .
the sassy dog wear collar is perfect for our pup ... we bought the matching leash ... its good quality ... definitely recommend it ..
it had decent ingredients and the dog still eats it , both good things in my book . also ships through prime so that's nice as well .
can't beat the price for almost 3 lbs . of marro bones ... and my dogs just love them ... what a special treat . highly recommend .
love these .. makes walls of bubbles in my fish tank . i will continue buying these when the ones i have stop working over time ..
this stuff really works . it makes your dog smell like sulfur , but that's a small price to pay for a product that works this well .
it works , keeps my snakes nice and cozy . hopefully it dosent blow out in a month like they usually do !
my 2 cats did not like wellness ' beef & chicken recipe but they love this chicken recipe . the clean the bowl up very well every meal .
i bought this item because my hamsters kept biting the cage . now they bit the chewy toys and its great .
it was a sort of two for one deal for us because this serves as a cat toy and a baby toy . they both absolutely love it !
my puppy likes the noise it makes and i love that its tough and flexible so i don't need to worry about him swallowing anything from it .
advantage stopped working on my dog and cats , so we switched to frontline and have noticed a dramatic improvement in flea related stuffs .
pretty flimsy , i got a couple of them and those both cracked and probably leaked inside my 55 gallon tank .
i would say if you maintained your own dog that these would work , but as a groomer , they just aren't a good fit for me .
i love this litter box . sure makes it easy to clean out the litter without having to use the scoop and dig through the litter .
excellent quality for the price i paid . i also bought the matching padded dog collars as well . my boxers go out in style now ! !
my cat has no interest in this and he is a very playful cat . i thought the concept was good ; scuffy thinks otherwise .
this is a good product at a reasonable price . not too smelly or super soapy . it was easy to rinse out of very long hair .
my cats all love this and it is reasonably priced . seems to help with hairball and i can tell my finicky cat like it .
ok , so i will need to rate later on . b / c i have only used it once so far but my bulldog was sooo soft after !
my maltese loves this . just her size , and with three i can keep her play time going continuously , and are great for indoors .
my cats like them . however they don't love them the same as they love the catnip fish from yeo [ ... ] different catnip used ?
this is by far the toy most played with at our house . he love to chase it and play tug-o-war .
my chihuahua mix loves these , i'm not sure if they are really helping with cleaning his teeth but they keep him entertained .
the first couple of times i used it we had the desired affect . unfortunately the dog simply ignores it now .
my cats actually pull this off the shelf onto the floor wanting it ! they try to get into the bag on their own ... they love it !
got this as a gift for my boxer and she loves them , hard to find in retail and this price seemed fair
my cats like it , it's holding up well and while it's not a good looking fountain , the cats don't care .
this collar is sturdy and has the features which keep it sized correctly without becoming looser with wear . i may get a couple of other colors
my seminal parrot loves this food ! he is picky but loves this and price is good to ! not to mention it comes straight to the house
great quality perfect size . i recommend this seller the quality of the bed is great my dog seems to love it that is all that matters .
my dog liked it in the beginning but now has lost interest only after a week . in retrospect this was waste of my money ...
thought this would last my 40lb dog but she devoured it . a bit expensive for a treat but she deserves it-on a limited basis .
fortunately or unfortunately , my dogs are addicted to greenies . they live for their afternoon treat and maybe a half of one inbetween ! !
i have a huge litter box for a maine coon cat . these are the only liners i've found that fit appropriately .
i bought these and they both worked great in my tanks . no trouble at all . sometimes the air stones add a pretty cool look to the aquarium
the little allergic furbabies thoroughly enjoy this food added to their dry food ( same brand ) . they think i've cooked for them !
my little dog enjoys playing with this , dragging it around and proped up on it while chewing her bully sticks .
great price , easy order , very good quality produce . my dogs really like it . my dogs are healthy and active . reccomend
i like the idea there not being any chemicals in the cat litter , and the cedar litter does control odor , but it tracks easily . that's unfortunate .
you can use this tool for both tree and brush . the birds are not frightened by it . it holds both light and heavy loads
my yorkie loves these ! i cut them in half and she is a happy pup ! i highly recommend for small breeds
great leash for my pit bull mix . very sturdy when she tries to pull . highly recommend this product for anyone with a large dog .
this collar is waterproof and is fine for my dogtra device . it is long enough for my dogs neck . the price was good .
recomended by the dog behaviourist , very effective and good product . the pet corrector and holster are both very good and helpful .
this ball is to replace the one i had for years until it got lost outside . great chew toy .
is very funny to see my cats play with this is confortable for me to use it , i highly recommen it
we will definitely use this whenever we travel . it folds down so well . it is very sturdy and stylish . definitely a great purchase !
i love the scent and when applied does not leave any smears . works great when my doggies miss the pad .
good product but the jury is still out on the effectiveness of shedding prevention ... nice fragrance and softens fur , not overly expensive
great product , made potty training a lot easier and great for rainy daysyes i would recommend this productsstewart
i use this towel for my puppy boston terrier . it works great and gets him dry really fast . good buy :)
it's very hard to find a longer and durable feeding mat for my 2 cats . this definitely ticks all boxes ! !
did not work did not work .. the gardener thinks its some fertilizer stake or something so leaves it in the ground . even the squireels don't like it
good for dogs teeth & is a healthy filler for a 1 - a day snack & helps control dog breath ordor
good for cats that just bat the toys around . would not reccomend for ones that chew toys as the edges are a bit sharp .
great for training new puppies and for your house cats . use some training spray and they almost train themselves ... again great item .
my vet had one of these and sure found the fleas which the comb i had didn't now i can check my gang to the pest .
the squeaker lasted approximately 5 minutes ; after that , my 2 year old pomeranian lost interest in the toy . am disappointed !
don't waste your $ $ on this product . we got it for our dog who whines / barks in the car in her kennel but it is useless .
my chihuahua loves these toys . he likes to squeak them and then destroy them ! very good value and just the right size for smaller dogs
as with almost all fluval products , this does a great job of helping to keep my aquarium running smoothly . will definitely continue using this product !
an excellent product . tetramin is one of the best fish food manufacturers there is . i heartily recommend these tablets to anyone .
nutri berries are like candy for my cockatoo only more nutritious - excellent parrot treat .
it's held up well so far . my 14lb havanese seems to shred these easily . it was just as described so i was pleased .
recommended by my vet for joint pain - used on all 3 dogs - purchased here at a much better price ...
water runs clean moments after rinsing .. great shape pellets to work great ! no loose pieces in tank ! water clarity is great ! very fast shipping !
our puppy had the material chewed thru the first day ! won't buy another fabric covered toy for him . very disappointing .
these are durable and a good alternative to the tennis ball . will remain flexible and not crack as a tennis ball will . fits into a chuck-it nicely .
a bit expensive compared to other similar products but my 18 lb vizsla loves them . they keep him busy for 10-20 minutes .
this is quieter than our previous but ive never had a silent fountain . works great and simple design keeps it cleaner longer . cat and dogs love it
this bubbles great but the lights are not as blue as i had expected . still a very nice bubbler and lights .
my wife's cat won't go in anything else . i guess it is easier on their feet , which is nice . he seems to love it .
easier than using the powder in canned food . she likes the treats and they seem to help her runny eye .
my dog loves playing fetch and doesn't tire quickly so this was a life saver for my arm . i definitely recommend !
medium fits my 10lb dog with a little room left over . very soft and looks comfortable and the price can't be beat
installed in tank plugged in and it came on for about 5 minutes and shut off . raised temp and did same thing .
very well designed filter , easy to install and affordable . it does help to control aquarium clean and i am very pleased to use this product's excellent name .
very steardy and worth the money , my birds love it . will buy again if i ever need a replacement one .
does dry my dog safer and faster than a normal hair dryer , however it tips over too easy and is extremely loud .
good collar with a bit of reflective thread , loop is strong and easy to get leash on has a good purple color
love feliway for our kitties , or extended family members i should say .. lol ... :) it is the best by far .. would buy again ! !
my cats r not so interested on it , i have no idea why , even the toy is not helping
larger than i thought , but that is great . my 1 year old has yet to destroy it . good product for large dog .
they do nothing to keep the litter off the floor or carpet . it pills and is extremely thin . do not purchase
it's sturdy , a large litter box . option to take door off . the cat is a large breed and he has plenty of room to turn around .
my cats dont really use it at all and it seems a bit pricey . seems to be good quality but it is basically just door art
my dogs play with this ball and even our rambuncheous black lab puppy hasn't ruined it like he does to most balls .
these are terrific ... expensive from the vet ... but even then they are wsorth it ... keeps their teeth clean and healthy ... and they love ' em .
used to keep dry food in while traveling with pet . keeps food fresh and easy to store . great traveling companion .
i have not used this much , since my little pom really , really hates it , but it did a good job and i like the self-cleaning feature .
i got this when my dog had a urinary tract infection and it worked great . i would recommend this to anyone who has an animal with urinary issues
this stuff is great ! it leaves their fur silky and shiny . i would certainly recommend lambert kay fresh ' n clean oatmeal'n baking soda dog sahmpoo
my cairn terrier mixes prefer regular small tennis balls . i thought they would enjoy these but that was not the case . they really aren't interested ...
the new packaging was a bit hard to get open but the product itself is still the reliable product we have come to love .
fast delivery , and always has been a trusted medicine . always recommend maracyn to friends . the new packets seem to distribute med . faster .
this was a great price and came quicklyfits the wide wall of our " sun room " secure that the dogs won't get scratched on their way in and out
i love these and im so glad i bought these i like that you can change the blades on these
my dog loves the squeaking ball ! it is great that it comes in a package of three . would purchase again .
my dog loves this toy . he's had it for a couple weeks and he still gets excited when he sees it . he leeps and runs for it .
so far so good , cleans out there ears well , they don't mind it and it doesnt smell strong at all , good bang for your buck .
we camp almost year round with 2 dogs . these are wonderful and easy to tie . i like the bone dispenser .
the squeakers come out very easily and are small . i don't think these are safe . the outside covers can be chewed off quickly .
my 3 bengals love these things . they are very safe and light and don't have anything that could harm them .
it is easy to carry and fits perfectly in the kennel , dual fabric is so adapted to the climatic needs . recommended .
i choose this product due to design , looked durable , it was flavored & made by nylabone.my puppy doesn't bother w / it hardly ever.waste of money .
my cat loves these mice . the mouse only squeaks when the cat moves it , but he plays with them for hours .
my dogs love these bones . i do have to monitor them because my older dog will eventually start bleeding because he can't control himself .
bought this after it was suggested at a seminar i attended to help rescue cats be more comfortable . it works and the kitties use it .
one of he best filters you can buy for the money.quiet and you can see when it ges filled up with crud .
a healthy and apparently tasty treat that briley cannot get enough of . i have already bought 2 more packages . great value and fabulous nutrition !
my rott chews up everything . this is her favorite toy and it has lasted for a while . i will buy this again .
i have 3 dachshund's and this is perfect for them to get up on our very tall bed . they love it !
this stuff doesn't seem to work very well . it doesn't clump hard and my house smells like pee . i'm switching brands again .
not for heavy chewers . she swallowed the stuffing and had diarrhea . i don'have nine more words . bla bla bla bla
this is the only carpet shampoo cleaner i am going to use from now on . it removed any scent of cat pee after one go through .
i gave this to my lab mix , she starting breaking pieces offin 45 minutes , not recommend if you expect it to last !
this was a great deal . i have the diffusers and buying in this quantity saved me a bundle . well worth it !
after years of a 95lb dog on the crate bottom , it was cracked and all but destroyed . this is the perfect replacement ,
didn't work as well as battery operated collars . charging is a pain . just more cords and chargers to lay around the house .
these are a heavier wool pom pom . been searching for these for a while . my cat loves them . would buy again .
not so much fun it didn't make a noise so the kitten was bored by it . seems kittens find other things to chew on .
used this to crate my yorkie when we are away from home during the day . definitely a good purchase for the price .
i just love this container and will be getting another of the cat food ! ! will also be looking for smaller food containers
use it for my house's water and gets the metal " out " . it works well , and i would recommend to anybody .
we live in maryland which turns out to be tick heaven . this stuff has worked great on keeping the pests off !
this sturdy squeaker ball drives me a little crazy , but my dog absolutely loves it ! it is holding up really well , too !
this product saved my furniture . it really works well and solved the problem without doing harm to the cat . .
make sure before administering heartworm medication that your pets have a yearly heartworm test . if they do not it could be dangerous for them !
the title says enough . mousse tried to escape , got stuck and suffocated to death . do not buy ! this is definitely a hazard !
i can't live without this item . my puppy will not go anywhere near the area i spray with bitter apple . it's the best thing ever .
this stuff works great and you can't be the price that you find on amazon . it's the only stain / odor remover to use for dog messes .
the dogs use this to chew on as much as chase , but they love this ball ! it gets played with every day !
just as the headline says .. my chinchilla frisky loved these so much ! i will have to order more soon for sure !
the critters like it so taht was the whole idea in purchasing this . yes it is a go and i would recommend this hamster toy to others .
my puppy has very fluffy hair with an undercoat . this is a wire brush and pulls his hair out in tufts . unusable .
it's so cute . this warm dog sweater has a reinforced hole in the back to hook a leash to if dogie is wearing a harness or a collar .
this is a great training tool when used correctly , timing and being consistent is very important . i wish it was still available in a gallon container .
love this leash for my puppy . he hasn't torn this leash up and he can go pretty far and run around while not dragging me with him .
works well for my westie , we like it , the smell is great and we alternate with malaseb shampoo .
my dog loves this ball . he's chewed on it for many hours and it's still mostly intact . great buy .
this food looks like i could pick up a fork and eat it myself . smells good and most importantly , my beloved pets can't get enough of it .
may work for some dogs but not really for mine helps a little but not a whole lot still pulls just not quote as strongly .
my dog is a chewer , and loves to show on anything . so when i got her this , she still chews on it .
they do what they are supposed to do . i like getting a whole bunch of them shipped to the house . the price is great .
i didn't think pumpkin and yam would be a hit , but they both gobble them right up like they're made of liver and bacon !
the seachem filter bag is big and strong . the material looks like it will really last . there is enough room for plenty of filter material .
fits the large size tall cat can food nicely . good price for 3 pieces . seem unable to find it locally here too .
i am very happy with this dog wrap . i would recommend it to anyone who has a male dog to keep the house clean from spritzing .
great car harness for small dogs . seems comfortable and sturdy , and is very easy to put on & off .
best odor control yet , beats the ' world's best ' litter and at a great price . cats like it , easy to scoop , clumps well .
i use this on an indoor door and it works great for my cats . i would never use this on an outside door though .
my 2 mastiffs love these dog bones . kinda messy , so be sure and give them outdoors . much cheaper than big box pet stores . highly recommend !
my golden retriever loves this product . however , my mini aussie is not so into it . he is more picky on food .
i have used frontline plus for my cat and now my dog for years and it has always worked the best for me
this is my yorkie's favorite toy of all time . the best part is that you can replace the squeaker when it gets crushed to death . :)
cheap plastic base cheap thin bowls wish i hadnt bought sorry but its cheap cheap dont buy if you have a big rouff dog
huge supply holder holds up to 2 gallons of water solid construction and build nice stainless steal holding tank great and east to clean .
my dogs love these crazy bones . they actually keep the dogs busy for 5 minutes or so . i'll buy more of them soon .
nice idea but no good . these will not stay in the holders and start to float around . also the cats pull them out .
great leash i have two and a coupler for my great danes . nice quality .
i have 5 of these pads for the outdoor feral cats and they stay nice and warm even during this past winters coldest weather .
this is a product i would not recommend because there are pieces inside that your pet does not need to get into .
we have a very strong chewer and this is a great product for her . they seem pricey , but they really are worth it .
this crate is easy to collapse and put up . light weight and easy to carry with its own handle . good value .
they break apart very easily and the dogs love them , easy to take along in the doggie treat pouch , no small , mold or greasy finger .
i have ti be careful on costs with over 30 kitties to care for , and this product is great with fair price .
cowley loves these gives him a change from other btands . loves the smoky taste of the strips . next we try smokehouse duck
even if the dog punctures it , it still works . dog loves his jolly ball and easily carries it around by the handle . very durable .
this dog collar was a little flimsier than i espected , but for our small dog it does the job ... no problems so far .
works great for night time heat for all my reptiles ! couldn't be happier with the product . it lasts a while since its not on 24/7 . :-)
again , i am so glad to have my fish supplies sent to me instead of my going out shopping for them
the promotional video starts buy the girl saying sit repeatedly while pulling up on the dog's leash . this is what the company considers an obedient dog ?
awesome item , wish they made them for small dogs . would have been great for camping with our schnauzer . had to return it though .
unfortunately , my puppy was able to rip the end open after five minutes of chewing . i would've expected a little stronger material from the kong brand .
did not work with my three bichons . had to resort to another liquid gel brand that you squirt on the gums before bedtime
my dog loves these - especially if filled with peanut butter . some people freeze them for teething pups . my dog chews them all the time .
our dogs just love this treat , they seem to want them all the time . i have purchased these treats several time and will continue
i am always looking for products to keep my australian shepherds busy . they are very busy puppies and these bones are wonderful .
it is difficult to get the everlasting dog treat into this ball . directions on how better to insert the treat would be appreciated .
my cats are picky but they seem to love the friskies party mix . they beg for them . thank you for the mix .
hours of fun until the light doesn't light up anymore . my cats liked it when it flashes and they chase it .
my dog loves these treats ! it actually takes her a minute or two to chew them , she usually just swallows every treat i give her .
our dogs loves these . we brush their teeth once a week and they get one when we are done . they do the trick
my shepherd loves them i gave a 4 star because they are greasy so he only gets them when he's outside
my dogs told me that this is the best doggie toothpaste in the world ! ! lol
this is a great grooming tool , and anyone who owns a cat should have one . your cats will be happy .
love these for my dog - a treat she enjoys , and much better than a " real " bone that could splinter and cause health problems for her .
the dogs always love this flyer , it holds up well to 2 large dogs playing tug and catch with it .
sorry , i love duraflex ; but this belt sticks and the handle is not one bit soft at all . very surprised at that
very easy for a dog to tear apart , is cute and everything but it should be made with tougher materials
does what it says , pumps air ! i use this in my hospital tank on the sponge filter and it works great . can't believe the price !
perfect little hoodie sweat shirts . it fits him great and washes up like a breeze . the sizes run a little large . very well made .
my 8 month old german shepherd mix tore it up within 5 minutes ! i was so disappointed !
like them , when the price is right . mt turtle loves them . and this sucks have a limit too how many work to right
finally used it at our new home & its great for protecting the carpet from splatter . our cat is not afraid on the plastic surrounding the drinking fountain .
a hit with the dogs . they love it along with all of their other kong toys . would recomend to dog owners .
my bunny really enjoys these treats . they smell good and they don't stain . i would buy these treats again for my little furry friend .
retrieved in time with no damage tubing works fine and will be ordering more as i have used most or it up already .
it keeps falling off , the cat use it once the catnip was old very bad quality , i fixed it over and over .
have to have these cans on hand all the time . my cats just love the taste . too bad their so small .
my kittens love this toy . i have ordered many . they tear it apart but it gives them many hours of fun .
the price was good and it seems to be effective in treating the cats . it sure beats buying from the vet .
andy my bird likes this food , there is very little waste , no food thrown all about . he is very picky
octie is a favorite toy of zoey's , i'm happy because it is so strong / made of quailty material , still together and it is strong .
one of my cat's favorite toys . he will paw at it , attack it , jump for it , and chase it . good purchase .
the scoop bends when you scoop . good idea to hide the scoop , stronger plastic is needed to be more durable .
i always use it before my dogs bath.if he gets anything in his eyes , they are protected.he doesn't like putting it in .
they seem more like just little sticks out of the yard .. lol . the guinea pigs will chew them but it's not a favorite for mine .
my dogs love seeing these , especially with peanut butter inside . this is a great size for my lab dogs , i have 2 .
best and quietest pump i have owner to date ! if it wasn't for my regular water changes i would forget it was there ! ! !
my dog wouldn't go on this at first but once she did , she loved it . really works .
... that these seem the same as nature's miracle scent release , flowering meadows , with more pads for the price of the 50 count .
i have been using these things for over 6 months now and no rust or anything . pretty durable and pretty cheap . deff would recommend these for friends .
cat is terrified of this ! i've given it to my son for his cat . i think it's fun , but i'm not a cat .
very handy container . i wouldn't count on it being 100 % air tight , however , it serves its purpose . great for dog food storage .
my plecostomus love the the wafers but they are slow to sink to the bottom of the tank . good option for bottom feeders .
too rich for my old cat ... so had to mix it with a cat food not so rich ... did half and half
i had been feeding her the same this but for younger adult cats . i changed to this one and she likes it even better .
did not last to long since my dog tears stuff up , but was worth the money and the squeaker works great !
furbabies love this ! i use this in my garden window for my furbabies and they adore it . will get another soon .
this was destroyed quickly , not much to this toy . one tug of war was all it took , now a two piece very flat toy .
cats refuse to eat anything with this on . not even with their fave food and even the kitty that eats anything hates this .
this is the good stuff . instantly stops the bleeding . super handy to have and super easy to administer . a pet owner's must have
needed something short and durable for the hectic drop off and pick up at doggy daycare and , this is perfect .
my dog loves this toy ! she is a 1.5 year old boxer and has not been able to destroy it , amazing !
the contents of the cans had separated so that my cat licked the liquid and then left the solids uneaten in his dish . it was disappointing .
i just got a flat chunk of driftwood , it's not terrible , but not really worth the money either . i guess that's the risk of ordering online .
truly is so-fresh . we really like how it makes our dogs smell and it seems to work well . very pleased and would purchase again .
my boys take turns napping in it . i also use it to keep the toys in one spot and generally find them strewn around the next day . :)
dog loves it so i do too . heavy duty , bounces high and rolls far on a smooth surface . would rec . this item .
not easy to get into the side of a cat's mouth , even though the design seems suitable for small mouths . fine for front teeth .
love this collar . easy to fit and very bright for walking the dogs at night .
chloe doesn't mind it in her litter box and i can smell the difference as soon as i spray the litter .
my bulldogs love it , it dose not smell as bad as some of the other flavors .
this stuff is magic ! dog doesn't mind it and it seems to pull out a lot of dirt . worth it
these are perfect for my tiny little 3 lb puppy ! we just wrap him up tight and no worries about him being able to run around the house .
my cat lives this toy ! ! she playes with it for hours and it is hard to get it away from her .
using these cushex drops along with a few other supplements for my dog that has cushings disease and resent blood tests do show promising results ! ! !
i've been using these for a few years . they never disappoint . perfect size , good price , especially when you buy the big pack !
this toy would be great for a puppy . i have a 1 year old boxer and she has chewed the pacifier up within minutes . cute toy !
cats where clawing at it even before it was out of the wrapper ! ! great product and easy replacement cardboard . thanks !
my babies love these . tiger lily sleeps in hers almost every day at some point . i do have her favorite one on a cushion .
my cats absolutely love it . be warned , you will have trouble satiating them with anything else after they have tasted this .
i really like this litter pan , wish i had a clip for the canopy that i have for it . great purchase .
this is just what i was looking for in a training clicker for my new kittens . worked great , easy to use and came quickly and well packaged .
tool is just as described . she hates all brushing , combing and dematting so this isn't magic .
k9 ballistics makes high quality products and in beautiful colors . i highly recommend these whether you have a chewer or not .
cats don't like it . prefer pt . you should try s can from grocery before you order a case or subscribe
i don't think my dog has the dna they found . maybe they didn't have her dna because it's a rarer breed .
these lids work for both cat and dog food cans , clean up easily and are a lot neater than tin foil . recommended .
i accidentally cur the quick on one of my dog's nail and it bled . i applied this product and within 10 seconds the bleeding stopped .
own 3 flexi leashes and we love all 3 . they take up less room and feel just as reliable as a regular leash .
easy to use etc etc . recommend you buy the plastic balls that don't come with this launcher . much cleaner and more durable .
always helped my horse by preventing rashes if it rained . i used this product for many years to prevent skin problems
its a filter that filters :) . does its job , not sure what else to say . great price compared to the local places .
my puppy like her toy . she plays with it all the time . she is a small dog . and it not . to . big
the dog loves these treats making training a lot easier . they are the right size for training and seem to be a reasonable price for dog treats .
i use in my 75 gallon tank . it keeps my water crystal clear and my fish healthy ! it works great !
my little yorkies are very picky with their dry food , but they eat this regularly . it makes me happy that they are eating dry dog food .
i can never tell when one is bad .. so i mean .. whatever . they didnt blow up or give me aids so 5 stars it is .
this product provides a level of comfort for fido's safety . i like that it provides additional security by hooking into the standard seat belt .
this was the perfect length blade for my maltese mix . loved it went through her curly hair great didn't seem to pull her hair at all
hey , you can not go wrong with extra links . you must keep extras , just in case it one breaks or you lose links , etc . !
my dog is a large dog and loves to chew . this did not hold up . probably would for small dog .
am moving soon and wanted watering fountains for 12 cats.have not tried others , therefore no comparison.when used , will return with update
this is a good quality fish oil , but a bit thick and smelly . the price is very competitive and the dogs always lick their bowls clean .
grate product . works as well i have this item in my fluval 106 canister filter . helps give good bacteria a place to live .
my vet said i should try this product since my dog did not tolerate the nsaids . so far she is doing well on them .
okay but not as absorbant as i would like . need to change more often than i like . however , a good value for the money .
like i said this product i have been using it since since may pets were old enough and it works great .
these are great . i cut tena pads in half or use a kotex , cheap and does the job for our poodle / chin cross .
i love the pump because there isn't any measuring . this supplement is great for your dogs skin and heart and very easy to use .
i have two cats . my tabby mushie loves these . my other cat could not possibly care any less about them . cats , go figure .
my 8lb chihuahua loves this ! it's fun and makes him feel like one of the big dogs with his own bone . he plays with it a lot !
so glad i purchase the bone storage for pet toys . it fits all the toys and looks good . finally , i feel i made a good purchase !
cuts really well , doesn't heat up as much as steel , and it left the dogs fur looking good and felt so smooth .
i am so happy i found this . was so sick of wasting food and money . my dog loves pumpkin , this way she gets it every day :)
great purchase for my pet . we can go hiking with a clear conscious and i have not noticed any creepy crawlys on her .
my pup does not like these either they are very dark and hard . this is 1st time trying this brand .
this is a hard plastic ball and treats do fall out as it rolls , however , my cat was not interested . he is not a ball chaser .
our 15 month old snowshoe siamese is constantly chewing on both , she has a few teeth coming in .
my cat tore the tail off of this in a day . i was worried he would swallow it . he is not getting anymore toys with fake hair .
it's the only treat he hides ( and desperately guards ) from me ! i highly recommend it for an alternative to the traditional treat .
we have two terriers who love this product . we give them one each night before bed and they are affordable .
just a solid little filter , makes a little noise but it does the job well enough for my little beta
i have 3 dogs and they all have several collars , so this makes changing their tags over very easy . good product
does the trick for our furniture-curious border collie puppy . we've only used it on wooden legs and supports , no experience here with the question of fabric-effectiveness .
at first bea was not impressed , but now ahe likes them . i think it was because they crunchy not soft .. great size for the small dog ..
these treats smell so good you will be tempted to try them yourself . they have worked very well for my training sessions and the dogs love them .
dog enticed by the cracker sound . love the toy and keep the dog entertained.highly recommend as fetch toy for puppies
no issues with this product works great and easy to clean , keeps the water clear .
we love these flavored caplets . they are easy to mix with the food and the cats take it easily . thanks
upgraded to a larger aquarium . bought this to handle the tank . it works well and keeps the water temperature constant .
this product is great and really works ! it is the only product i use to clean up after my kitties .
i always but this multi-pack . the price is very reasonable and they do the trick for hiding pills and heartworm medication .
this one is mostly ignored by 2 of my cats . but the youngest one loves it .
my dog loves these and gets excited when he sees the bag ! they make no mess and last a long time .
it's long enough to allow my dog to do her business but not too long that it's cumbersome to pick up when she walks by my side .
my 13 cats had fun with this for about 1 day and then ignored it . i gave it to my daughter for her cats .
you cannot go wrong with zack and zoey clothing . i bought the medium for my dog who is 16 inches from neck to tail .
teeny tiny but the cats squeeze into it.thought it was larger . should have paid attention to measurements.tho cat approved human would not buy again .
this brush is great for massaging my shelties . it gets the shampoo into their coats much better than any other brush i have used .
ethical 5 inch gaint squeaky dog toy is a great toy for large dog . a good product that would last for a dog .
my lab tore this up in less than 3 minutes not worth the money if you have a dog that is a power chewer
kong always make great , long lasting products . this is no exception . this would be great for a small dog or medium sized puppy .
cat plays with it and considers that he owns it . the tail is flimsy but hasn't broken nor tore and that is the cat's favorite part .
this was a hit with the dog . he doesn't put it down . after five weeks it's still not torn apart .
my two parakeets liked it . i like getting the food shipped to the house and avoiding an extra errand to the pet store . sold .
so easy to understand and such a useful tool to have - no fish-keeper should be without this kit ! excellent .
well , another waste of time and money .. i feel as if i could repeat these reviews with all the stuffed dog toys .. ripped apart !
my 80 pound lab puppy destroyed this in about 30 minutes . i thought for the brand and the cost it would last longer :(
this is so great for large dogs it is made so good i can see it will last for a long time my dog just loves it
appealing looking toy . it did however hold up to the challenge of surviving our dog . she had it apart very quickly .
i don't know what to say except they are just find . the cats love them . that is all that matters .
this probitic has made a big difference in my dog's health . she is doing so much better . her digestive tract is clearly functioning better . it works !
the quality of it was ok and the size was just too big for my dog , but i did like it
our bernese mountain dog and golden retriever , both about 15-16 month old , like it . we mix the iams with their dry food .
my guinea pigs who never much like hay could not eat enough of this . it was fresh and it lasted a long time .
i love this product . its very helpful and i love it very much since im an aspiring groomer . thank you
more of a pate ' than is typical for wellness ... some cats love it , some won't touch it . great ingredients , though !
great stuff , good price . highly recommend this brand - - seems to do the job on my dog . not much savings on multi-month stock
this tubing is easy to work with , and i really like the color and the flexibility of the tubing . word .
cool cat toy , all my 3 cats love to play with it ( 1.5 , 11 & 12 years old ) . glad i gave it a try .
love nylabone no rawhide and our pug loves this dino . will last him probably years . recommend nylabone made in usa .
this is a great product my puppy loves them and so do i no run-off of urine like some other brands .
nice mat , keeps the floor pretty clean but attracts dog hair and dust so needs to be wiped up a lot .
trying this one out . advantage didn't work for our dog . easy to use applicator and instructions and hopefully keeps the fleas away .
little small for our pug , the cat likes it and bruiser our little pug hides it in his bed . sort of like cat and dog play .
very good quality item . my dog is still playing with it a month later ! good value and highly recommend a +
i was very pleased with the quality of this berber bone . my gsd loves it too . thank you for this product .
my pooch has skin problems due to food allergies . he has had no problems with these little treats and loves them !
my dogs like them , they will play with them before they eat them . i usually give them one a day .
seems to work fine . is thicker than the ones my dog trainer uses , which could be good or bad depending on your mutt .
nylabones are a long-lasting , calorie-free , relatively safe , & fun chew toy for your dog . and , the dinosaur designs are adorable .
my dogs love these treats and they are the perfect size for reward training . have been using for years now .
excellent value here compared to in stores . our english bulldog loves these and they are very durable even for his voracious chewing .
boooo this is low budget , the house kinks easy and water goes very slow . kind of a rip off unless you have lots of free time .
my cats love to sleep in this - it's so easy to move around when i need to clean - minus the cats !
these were the most exciting treats my dogs have had in awhile . one of them kept trying to steal the bag ...
i got this for my friends puppy , she loved it and started chewing on it right away . great product at a good price !
my dogs are both older dogs . , the prefer the soft and chewy treats . , they love these bones . , i will buy again
cat loves it great stuff to keep fresh breath and to maintain their teeth along wiht brushing . i highly recommend this profuct to all cat lovers
this little carrier is used once in awhile for our kitties . it is easy to put together , attractive and sturdy .
as everyone has said the handle doesnt stay tightened causing it to go up and down otherwise seems ok would not buy again
they have a very strong odor but the dogs love it . works very well in the kong toys . would recommend it with no hesitation .
works great and good deal . the unit itself is faulty ( not your concern ) . loved our fountain but it doesn't work.these filters are perfect however .
this was a waste of money since it broke shortly after we started using it . we replaced the batteries and it still didn't work .
fabulous . i use them as training treats , they're just the right size for my papillon . best of all , they're made in the usa .
my kittens kept ripping out the fur and the catnip kept coming out . it doesn't seal the catnip very well and the velcero kept gettign stuck to the inside
i bought this for my older peanut butter loving dog . it passed the sniff test and she loves them . no digestion issues either . a good buy .
it squeaks and then it immediately broke . all 3 of my dogs don't like it either .
i thought it would be good for my aggressive chewing apbt . although he destroys all toys ... this one had one of the shortest lives .
this is much cheaper than petsmart and work just fine with my 38 gallons aquarium . not too big and not too small
the dog really loves these even though they are a bit pricey . we usually limit these treats to 1 per day .
i give the dogs one as a treat and they love them . it does not matter the age or the breed of dog , they enjoy the treat .
it does keep the litter tracking to a minimum . that's all i have to say , but this box requires more words than i have
i purchase other filters because they were cheaper and that is exactly what i received . this filter seem to last longer . i change out every 2 week .
great for keeping pet hair and other debris out of the motor of drinkwell fountains . these extend the life of the motors .
great price and it does an amazing job removing the dead undercoat from my german shepherd .
my 1 year old lab ripped this ball in less than 1 hour . it's in pieces now . waste of my time and money .
my dogs really like these greenies both in chewiness and taste . really keeps their teeth and gums in good condition . i would recommend them .
great add on to a leash / retractable that doesn't have a baggie dispenser .
treats fall out too easily and dog is bored quickly . not really a challenge or long lasting option . waste of money
perfect for feeding various pets . i use it for feeding tarantulas and spot cleaning their enclosures . allows access with little disturbance .
i was amazed by the great price for this . the bottle is huge , about twice the size of what you buy in the stores .
perfect for the small dog who loves to fetch . great for indoor playing as long as you don't get too rambuctious !
this is easy to use , gives security for my dogs at a reasonable price , but with the big needle , my pets probably didnt care for it !
another toy not used.the little seeds fall out , the big ones are too big . the birds don't quite get it .
this is a well made harness , but i have a yorkie and she can wiggle out of it , the small is little too big for her .
my 85lb husky / lab loves pulling on her leash i dont fel like she going to snap something loose wonderful will buy for my next dog for sure !
cats find this product delicious and i find it resonably priced for a well made product ... worth a go for the even fussiest of felines ...
my 12 - yr . old yorkie has been eating cesar's forever ; he's not so interested in other products . will be reordering soon
dogs love them and we still use plastic canister to store treats we buy . it has become the most sacred object in our house according to our dogs :)
my cats were hesitant at first to get on it , but soon after they loved it . they're always lounging on top of it .
my dog hates these boots . won't wear them at all . they are stiff , restrictive and hard to get on .
this was just what i needed to make my cat's favorite exercise new again . i recommend changing this often just to make any kitty happy !
these are excellent cat nail scissors . they cut cleanly , leaving no jagged edges on the claws . very pleased with these scissors .
smells good and seems to get rd of the itch when puppy is scratching red spots . i also bought the foam
my cats loved these toys - you can tell when they simply disappear under the couch within 24 hours ! ! ..
my dog loves this toy . it's held up for over 3 months so far , so i feel i'm getting my money's worth ,
this vaccuum is amazing for pets . i have a german " shedder " and this vacuum saves our allergies . by far the best vacuum i have owned .
only the rope body is left of this toy . but it lasted a bit longer than some other chew toys i've bought .
laser pointer is preferred by my kitties but results may vary . other cats might love this toy more than my guys .
could have been a little bigger . thought a small dog size would be ok . i have a big cat
i would totally recommend this wormer to any one who has a cat that has tape worms . i will purchase again if needed .
most people think cats like fish but they much rather have chicken . it has just the right amount of juiciness . and most important it's a quality product .
enjoyed . my dog likes to play with . it's nice he likes to carry it around . it is to have something dog enjoys .
i am very happy with this replacement door . it was very simple to replace the old door and the dogs are happy with it as well
i love it . it's great because it comes with catnip and then it can constantly be refilled and my cat loves it !
this is a very high-quality bag . just remember how small it really is ; my 10 or 11 pound cat was too big to be comfortable .
i really like diamond dog foodthis puppy large breed is great , my pup loves iti also use the adult for my older dog
threads are coming apart , but it is still holding together for now . the clasp has been holding up very well though .
my little dog won't take her pills unless they are in a pill pocket ! what better review could there be ? lol
great product , crystal clear water . i have used this product for a year now and would highly recommend it to all ..
my dog itches a lot . she loves the feel of this spray and turns her head so that i will spray the other side . of her head .
these are softer than the ones i had purchased a few years back . my two very small dogs love them .
this is a convenient sized jar which looks good enough to keep out in the living room . the quality is pretty good . great buy for the price !
these wipes work great . they remove gunk very easily and quickly , and they don't seem to irritate the dog's eyes at all .
excellent quality canned dog food for a reasonable price ! my dog loves it . compares to other premium brands of food .
ended up with a pink one ... makes it easy to see how much of the string my dog has managed to eaten ( pink stripped poo )
this toy has help up to the test of time . when all other toys fail kong products outlast them all .
i know they sell these vitamins at some vet offices for much more . this is the best price i've found .
my cats all love these . much less expensive than most cat toys , easy to clean and sanitize , we always have them in stock .
see review on the chews for petite dogs . i was afraid my 22 # mini aussie would choke on the pieces .
the steps are very light-weight and flimsy . the covering shifts , and in general the steps are not quite what i expected .
with the present health alerts i stopped buying any dog treats made abroad . otherwise my dog liked them.enough said .
this bed is perfect for my small dogs that like to cuddle under and against a background . it is plush and soft !
my dog and friend's dogs love these things but they are really stink ! i can't get over the smell to keep them in my house .
it exactly what i expected wasn't broken and fit perfectly to my cage ! i would recommend any one to buy these there easy access is just perfect !
i used this on my dogs and it worked for alittle bit and then it stopped i used it maybe three times and that was it .
my dogs love this food , so it was a good choice . keeps them well balanced and they gobble it up .
i have a cat with severe skin problems and tried many different products to help with them.these medicated pads actually helped . i was pleasantly surprised !
i like this product but unfortunately my dog chewed it up soon after arrival . perhaps i didn't have it on tight enough .
these are just what my two large doggies look forward to . they arrived on time and were packaged well . i highly recommend purchasing them this way ! !
my little puppies love this food , i ordered this 3food times and have no bad comments ... thanks for making my puppy experience a good one
these are great collars . i use them in my training business and are a great tool for clients if they are properly taught how to use them .
my pooch loves these and eats them just as they are ! i don't know if these will help my baby or not ... but why not ?
the cat ripped it to shreds very quickly there were feathers everywhere one of the balls is still hanging around
great bags that are the perfect size for my 16 pound dog . bags are easy to open and appear to be durable . fun little dispenser .
bought these for my yorkie , but he will not eat them , so dont ' know if they help him or not .
this spray does it's job and smells really good . that's really all you need to know and could ever want !
it functions well . i prefer ceramic to metal or plastic ... i think my cats do too ... maybe . they haven't complained yet .
cats enjoyed batting this around , but my smartest found a way to corner it and just spill out the treats ! ! !
i bought this for a friend's female pittie mix , who was wearing her big brother's hand-me-down collar . it's super cute , seems durable , and washes easily .
these are really fun for fetch , especially on pavement or indoors on a hard floor . my dog just loves them .
good stuff for the gnats that horses get in their ears . i have been using it for years . great buy !
do not buy for any other pet than a chinchilla . this is dust and not sand .
my cat is always so exciting to wait for this treat . it has been almost a month since my cat eats this . so far so good .
my fish love this flake food . feed 2-3 times a week , rotate with other stuff . doesn't seem to cloud the water .
great product . i was hoping it would kill my stinking chihuahua but instead it only killed all the bad things that want to suck its blood !
i have used many products for stain and odor control , but this is by far the best i have found and is easy to use .
needed one that was open air for when i camp . will fit my puppy very well . thanks . hope she likes it !
good product for any dog to clean teeth and make my dog content and satisfied .. i highly recommend this product
these balls are indestructible and great for a growing puppy . the squeaking will really entertain your pet ! fun for you !
my dogs loved these . they come in a large quantity so they will last awhile while also keeping your dog's teeth clean . good value .
if you're going to give treats tio your dogs .. make sure they are of good quality and made in the usa
an excellent harness ! bought 2 of them , along with cujo leashes . both work beautifully . it has made walking 2 crazy dogs a lot easier !
no problems setting up or using product . does exactly what we wanted , which was to keep our puppy out of trouble .
great for my determined chewer . he spends quite a bot of time chewing on it . it is made of a very hard plastic material .
my chihuahuas are just as eager and assertive as ever . no effect that i can notice . they like the bites as tteats .
my pups favorite snacks ever ! he just can't get enough . i put some in an empty plastic bottle and he has hours of fun .
purchased more for my cats . they love these and scatter them all over the house . keeps them playing and active all on their own .
my miss daisy just loves this kibble & i'm thrilled because it's healthy . of course i cheat a bit and add boiled chicken & carrots sometimes ..
my cats love this dry food . it is one of the few they tear up . they get a small amount of dry food with the wet food .
fresh , was not broken into tiny pieces and a real bargain compared to buying elsewhere ... highly recommend and so does our dog :-)
i would not buy again . it turns my filters brown and the water loses color . what is the point if it gets caught in the filtration system .
it is great for smaller dogs although it does not actually fit that well on a crate . the bowl is pretty steady once attached but the bracket moves
another one of the flavors that my cats go crazy over . i have to order a lot of these to keep in the pantry .
our dogs have had a blast playing with this toy . holds up very well for dogs that chew all the time .
just tear open the packets of medicine and add to your tank . i have tried other products to no avail .
too tiny even for my 6 lb puppy . i didn't even take the chance of giving it to her . perhaps a larger size might have been better .
got this for our parakeet who loves to look at herself in mirrors . needless to say she's in love with it .
this product works well to stop a barking dog . they really hate being sprayed when they bark . i don't have to use it much anymore .
my cavalier king charles spaniels enjoyed these breath sticks.it did notice my pooches had better breath after chewing these , so they do seem to work pretty good.recommended !
the barn cats seem to thrive on this and they like it . it is easy to give them and not too expensive .
my parrot must love it as he sits on it alot and it is a great manicure for his claws ...
is as pictured & described , very soft & comfortable . , my dog loves it ! ! will wait & see if it as good after washing !
this food is fantastic ! no more diarrhea and gastric problems . normal stools , excellent growth rate , and puppy loves it . well worth the money .
the price is much better than local pet store but this is the second one i have purchased as the plastic has aged and cracked it was time to replace
this product works incredibly well for my white dogs . i use it every day for about a month and then i use it once a week .
nice scent that is not over powering . lathers nicely . does not dry out the skin . it also washes out nicely .
my new puppy just loves this toy , it's small and just his size to carry around , the soft talking is real neat too , great toy .
it worked well and we used it for our rabbit when we were gone for the weekend . for close to $ 20 it was worth it .
i love the natural and organic ingredients in this dog food . our dog likes it and i feel good about feeding it to her .
this toy gets carried around from room to room all the time . it seems to be a favorite bedtime toy .
we've always used advantage . this is the first time we tried this brand . not finding that it works any better , but it's cheaper .
my cats love the curved cardboard scratchers but this one was too small and gets very little use . back to the catit scratcher for us !
been bying for a while for my cat , it seems work , they like , i mixed it with different other dry foods .
they're ok , but they could be heavier and thicker , and stand up better . i would have paid a little more for that .
the food is enjoyed by our cats . we do not enjoy the slick and slippery bag . solution ? transfer the food to large closable bags .
soo quick , convenient , and amazingly easy ! you have to have a water hose tho so a top story apartment i could see this being kind of difficult
decent puppy treats . these definitely do not last very long , but our puppy likes them when we do give it to her .
so fun . the kittens love it's fluffy tail , and the fact that i can stuff it for of catnip is fantastic .
my dogs are ball hogs and love squeaking and chasing balls . these are hard for medium sized dogs to squeak , maybe great for larger dogs .
this may not be the highest quality food out there but my cat really likes it . she always begs for more .
great for combing the face area on a small dog , good for the feet too . i use this comb all the time .
my dog loves these and they are healthier than rawhide treats . but i think only one a day or his stool would be soft .
these bowls are sturdy and strong . with the big dogs , the bowls stand up to daily use with no problems .
helps immensely between water changes for cleaning the bottom of the tank . easy to use easy to clean . i wish they made one smaller for smaller tanks
we used this product for over a year . we did not notice a difference in our 14 year old cat even after a year .
too noisy - - this toy should be made out of soft rubber instead of a hard plastic as it is too noisy when the puppy drags it around .
i bought 4 of these for 2 labs and two german shepherds and they didn't last a day . nothing like the other kong products unfortunately
i don't have much of a review for the replacement filters . they are only replacements . but my cats love the waterfountain .
good product , easy to use , except my wife has to do the reading of the test because i am color blind .
my dogs love these and i sometimes cut them into smaller pieces and use them as treats . good product.would recommend them to others .
again i chose this product because my cats are finicky and it was the right price . would recommend to anyone that has a finicky pet .
there is now a metal wire embedded in the rim of the hood - it no longer collapses as mentioned in prior reviews . my kitty loves it .
when my grandaughter was little i purchased these fish that she wanted so bad and now years later i still have them so i always have fed the tetramin .
my 14 years old arthritic dog loves these . duck treats make taking supplements fun and tasty for her . i highly recommend .
great love fits well a little larger than normal but like the way it fits the ring on the outside for the leash works great
used this for a foster dog with severe allergies with great results . much cheaper than in stores .
much better than all the other types of lysine that seem to give my cat stomach aches . this one mixes into wet food easily .
this are easy drop in filters but they are so small even with a little tank they need changed often ,
good for puppies that do t chew to hard but my 1 1/2 year old boxer chewed a piece off in no time .
mess-free , great protection for sloppy drinking dogs when using the drinkwell pet fountain . which is awesome by the way ! ! relief !
this product was so flimsy and the glue trap was barely sticky enough to catch anything . ended up throwing it away .
when we took our dog too the vet he said safe guard and sentry dewormer we can used too worm her i am going use it this weekend
my cat was experiencing some urinary issues . this was recommended by a friend . so far my cat is doing better .
easy to wash and can be used as fetch toy ! the material is soft and can be used as a chew toy ! simply loved !
haven't had any issues with these . i have four of them running in my house right now . they work well .
used this product for years . spray area rugs , dog beds to proactively prevent fleas . try it , you might find it helpful .
i have it ... my three year old refuses to even look at it ... waiting for someone with a new kitten to give it to .
dog love the sticks and we also do , as it helps the tartar and other matters in the teeth dissolve .
my turtles adore these sticks . i highly recomend this product for your turtles.he loves these , as well as pretty much anything else i put in his tank .
best part about it is that i have not heard any clicking as i have heard with while using other aquarium heaters .
i have filled this up with everything imaginable and my cats have no interest in it at all . sorry guys .
no way my small dog could get through these treats . they are so dry , stringy and tough . money thrown away .
i use these pads for the kitties that are in my enclosed sun porch . they love them . aren't quite warm enough for outside use .
one of our cats has a problem with urinary tract infections . this is helpful because they now drink way more than in the past with stagnate bowl water .
i purchased this took to help keep the dogs nails trimmed without cutting into their quick to eliminate the bleeding . really works great
works extremely well in the tub when washing dog . removes a lot of hair and does phase our dog . highly recommended
this stuff isn't worth a crap . didn't help my dog's scratching at all . wouldn't recommend . i used it three different times and didn't work .
they work and having the handle makes them seem bigger than those without . you can see what is in them though .
my piggies loved it ... so i do recommend it for buying to your guinea pigs ... seem like interesting toy for them to chew and push around
exactly what i was looking for . keeps my dogs coats looking healthy and shiny . would recommend this brand to others
this is the most economical and effective additive to use when changing water and in the middle of the week if some ammonia reading are showing in your test kits
no grains in the food and my dog loves it ! his skin infection is gone now with the antibiotics and this food .
kitty loved it , but the rod kept coming apart . using it with an 18 " rod works well , but is more limiting than i had wanted .
cats love it . keeps their attention and tires them out . do at end of day when they seem to get restless . need to get another
luckily for me the cat the needs the kidney support is the cat that likes the treats . the other 2 just turn their nose up at the taste .
this is a nice set of nylabones . not for a strong chewer . it lasts a while and my frenchies like them .
easy set up , great shipping , no problems my dog will grow into it trust me . i recommend this product highly
this is equally as liked by our cats as another scratcher we bought . we will buy this again ! good deal !
my cat like to play with it so much , i like it too ! ! that is pretty and fun . we all love it .
is easy to use . allows the animal limited freedom with control . has an additional loop which lets you keep animal close to your body .
my puppy loves these . i tried to buy a brand with similar shaped treats , she couldn't care less . i will repurchase these .
we have been using this supplement for years . it has helped our pugs ' knees !
cat wouldn't eat it but that doesn't mean it's no good . samples of all cat foods should be available for the many fussy eaters
again another great product from nylabone , but because of the cost & how quickly my dogs eat them , i save them for a special treat .
this calcium is very fine which puts a nice coating on the insects i feel my reptiles ... a little goes a very long way . good product ! !
ok , you have literally one min or less of dog attention to get this done . love the concept . so far we are good .
these snacks are great . my dogs love them . i have tried different flavors for them and they seem to like them all .
the bowls stay in place , are easy to remove , and don't make a lot of noise when the cats are eating . perfect .
i have used this particular food for well over a year and my dogs have both done very well on it .
it traps fleas and all sorts of little bugs . we feel much better with this thing protecting our dog from flea bites .
our pet loves to play frisbee with this zisc . it's easy for him to catch and pick up ( when he misses ) .
this is a nice product . my yorkie loves being able to look out over the dash now . this item also has a leash restraint .
these do work , but don't miss more than a day or two or the smell will return ! my cats both enjoy eating them as treats .
my rescue doves were raised with sugared childrens cereal so they are very picky about dove seed . this is the only brand they don't hate !
love this product ! works great for maintenance usage . this is easy to measure , use and a whole bottle lasts a month for a 110 dog .
this board works well on my cat's nails . it seems to keep them shortened and not so formidable . it is a great deal for my cats .
we all know about fincky cat issues .. some times they will sometimes they wont .. these i keep about for those times when they seem to need different ..
what a wonderful invention for cats ! i have shared this with staff members at my assisted living facility , whose cats like it as well as mine do .
they work for awhile but would not buy again sorry , the thing didnt last at all before i had to start replaceing things
this is one of the best products that i have bought . it is so much better than plastic scoopers and is made to last .
these little are guys are really small . you will have to buy the bag that goes with this . " the bag " from seachem
works better to remove urine smell than any others i have tried , including other ones from nature's miracle . recommend it .
this collar ' s clasp is not very strong my dog scratches and loosing the collar . it has to be adjusted several times a day
unfortunately our cat is not super interested in this toy like most cats apparently are.our cat prefers the multi-colored streamer toy that is also sold on amazon .
my dogs get sooo excited when i bring out the bags to the wellness treats .. they love them , and they are nutritious .. thanks !
i received product before anticipated arrival date . service was fantastic and the product is amazing.does a great job i love it !
used 3 times so far and dog doesnt squirm too much . not loud and pretty easy to use . bought for the price
it broke easily ! after a few hours of play ! :( . well , my cat is chewing it up now as if she caught a prized bird !
this works great on my dog and that was all i wanted . can not expect more than for it to do the job .
my akita heard the squeaker and immediately wanted to play with the toy . can't wait to give it to him on christmas
dogs love ! each morning they start their day with one . they beg for them and then enjoy chewing for several minutes !
gives my crabs 50 gallon tank just the right amount of heat and doesn't disturb them like a regular bulb would
but then my dogs starting ripping it a part , so we don't use either of the pads . would have liked to , though .
cheaper than vet , fits small mouth . start brushing when dog is a puppy to avoid dental problems later . highly recommend .
it's hard to find a nice dog collar in green . it is made from hemp not plastic and lined with polar fleece .
good quality , well built . worked perfectly on my long haired cocker spaniel . would buy again
good pump , i have another smaller rena which is great too , would recommend it to anyone who wants a quiet air pump for their fishes .
been using these for years and will not purchase any other type of litter box . not sure , but i think our cats like them as well .
this is more for looks--it is too big for inside the cage so i put it on top--birds don't use it but it is cute .
my puppy destroyed this toy in less than 2 days and to make it worse , he was swallowing the pieces that were coming out of it .
bought this for a litter of pups , born yesterday . will sure come in handy very soon . maybe in about two weeks . :)
they use this every day and they just go crazy over this every day tell my friends too buy this
love it , there are multiple ways to wear it , and the closure snap is perfect ! i have used it many times .
when any of our dogs seem to have tummy problems , these treats restore those problems . i would recommend them to anyone who has dogs .
i got this item and it works great and fast shipping . this item was for my fish tank to control the air
this is the only brand we use ( after trying several others . quickly removes odors and clumps well . with 4 furry friends , these are both important .
this definitely keeps the pooch busy . she knows there are treats and there and won't stop until she gets them . great toy
could not get this to work at all , i wanted it to so badly but this product just isn't for me .
these do not work . they are dull and wouldn't cut butter . in the long run , it's better to save your money and buy more expensive ones .
very amusing cats love to play with it but the light is a little week
these little scissors work well on feet and ears . they are sturdy and well made and the rounded ends make them much safer to use .
they are good for their joints and bones and as my dogs get older i search for these type of treats .
my husky loved it . maybe because the shape is so weird ! just remember , when your dog gets permanent teeth , take away non-edible hard chews !
good product , my cat loves the food and he doesnt get overweight from eating too much of it , which i love .
great value , we got a 2nd dog and the " fought " over who get the crate with the foam mattress . we ordered another
you can't go wrong with this product . i do not have any other clickers to compare it to , but it works just fine for me .
my apbt loves the kong chew toys . this one is great for helping to clean her teeth . and it has held up for quite awhile now
other 2 flavors i have to feed to the outside cats because the inside cats turn their noses up to them .
my dog loves to fetch and tug with this bumi toy . i can't wait to test it out in the water !
i switch between this and salmon flavor from plato every month because it's usa made , organic and my dog loves it .
i already give my pets filtered water , these are just an added bonus to eliminate what the pets don't need .
if you don't tighten the screws really well , it will fall off of the bars on the cage . but once fastened securely , it serves the purpose .
a happy dog is a good dog , and i know that this toy was a hit with the dog that received it for christmas .
this collar works great . my dog ( a 100 lb lab ) always pulled on walks , now she doesn't . i go on more walks now .
i love these throw aways , and have baking soda in them for smell , a great product . will buy again very soon .
like most dogs , this toy is still kicking around , started to fray but she loves it and for the price i do to for hours of entertainment .
this filter took a very cloudy new saltwater tank to crystal clear within a couple hours . will now be replacing filters for all other tanks to this brand .
this is a very sturdy leash and will last a long time , i can tell . highly recommend it especially for dog that pulls and tugs .
holds up to my 6 month old gsd puppy and is made in the usa . keep up the good work !
both of my cats like hill's dry cat food . it's expensive , but the cats need some dry food in their diet .
zuke's mini naturals dog treats are just great . my dog gets crazy when she knows she's getting some of these threats . she loves them .
this really works . i have used several brands and this is the very best of all . i will purchase it again .
got this for my 7wk old , 2lb rat terrier puppy . she loves it and so do i . easy to take with me in her puppy sling .
there are better choices but maybe this would be better for non boxers ? the only toy that worried me as far as safety goes .
pretty tough for a puppy whos still chewing things.bought 3 and only have 2 left as one got chewed to death lol .
the kleash is well made and should last awhile . the soft grip is also nice in helping absorb the force of the dog's tugging .
my 8 month old lab puppy loves this toy ... doesn't take her long to figure out but she loves to find the treats and likes the game
my husband and i thought this toy was hilarious , our dog thought it was terrifying . didn't stick around very long ...
i gave it away because the scent was very strong even my dog couldn't deal with it but i only used it the once
my picky dog , who typically turns his head to biscuits , loves these . the medium size works great for small treats for my labs .
works great for puppy while you are away . very stury , easy to put on kennels and very durable . i would highly recommend these .
only drawback is that i didn't expect to have to put together the filters myself , a bit time consuming but still very effective !
for my needs this is the best filtration system . easy to use and extremely effective ! will purchase as needed in the future .
i foster for our local humane society . i also have 4 dogs of my own . always needing pill pockets . love the pb . not as oily .
these were perfect size for my dogs . natural looking and feeling . my dogs really enjoyed them and kept their teeth clean .
it seems to work very well on the mcnab / lab who lives here . before the arrival of this product she scratched her ears a lot .
cat loves the flavor , but the stink stays even after newly brushed.at least it can't help with my cat , which is an orange american shorthair
it is not as large as i hoped but it is okay . good service and prompt .
my five cats love this food , they will eat it up and have never turned their nose up to it .
it smells great , my dog's coat is soft . you couldn't ask for more at this reasonable price . a product any dog lover would love to have .
great treats . the red box or apple ones are good too . he loves them .
it's too small . i still get all the litter around it . don't be cheap like me , and invest in a bigger litter mat .
i went to this food instead of the fancy feast brand just because its primary ingredient is chicken . nice and chunky .
i returned this . the artificial grass pieces came off all over the floor and my puppy could have choked on them . i don't recommend this product .
i use some cat litter that clumps well and her litter box gets cleaned out every day . i will use up the box and not buy more .
i would have thought my baby cockatiels wouldn't have been able to destroy this , but they did within a couple of minutes . waste of money .
tried other bedding like this the best ... doesn't get clumpy like the other stuff that you have to soak in water
this is one of the better flea treatments , i have bought it several times . i like this product , it works.my dog has never had any fleas !
great size for someone with a smaller dog and perhaps a smaller stature . i wouldn't recommend this amended size for a tall person .
i have been feeding my semi-aggressive fish hikari cichlid gold sinking for many years with great results & healthy fish . it also is amazing for showing their colors off
cats are liking this flavor . cans arrived dented so 4 stars instead of 5 . wellness is a healthy food to feed .
nice and soft chew toy for puppies mouth . she has not pulled any of the strings off either and she chews on it all the time .
it keeps my stinky golden-doodle smelling groomer-fresh for about a week , which is far longer than the other products i've tried . recommended .
made in usa but expensive ! ! i should learn to make my own ! my dogs love it , tho , what's a girl to do ?
it does what it says and worked better than tylan powder . recommend but one can get the same effect from canned pumpkin too
my buddy really enjoys them .. he will do a big ole dance when he thinks he is getting one ... thanks for this product
i love it , the dogs love it , it is waterproof and easy to clean and the dogs look so comfortable laying on it .
my cats love these bonita flakes . this is by far the superior brand - although the price is little high .
my cats like this and it seems to absorb well . much cleaner than clay . with 4 cats i try many brands and this is good .
what more can i ask for ? great ingredients and my dog loves these . she'll do back flips for em .. very good . great price too .
my cats really seem to like this food , although they are not picky . i love the ingredient list - you really cannot get better than that !
our indoor aquarium is lined with black pond liner and this tubing disappears into the background . just what we were looking for !
the product was fine but the measurements were wrong on the product description . so check the q & a before purchasing this product .
my tortoise loves this food it is so easy to feed her and i know she is getting her fiber
great in theory , but cheaply made . the handle pivot broke almost instantly , and the suction was no better than the cheapest stick vacs .
good product to keep your dog busy . i have german shepherd and he loves it . i am ordering another one really soon .
the pups love it with or without the treats in them , but prefer the treats of course . great product has entertained them for some time .
works well in conjunction with a fx5 canister & other fluval media . keeps my 120g w / large ( 12 " + ) mixed cichlid stock crystal clear .
this gets a 5 star ... our puppy loves balls .. this one not only bounces really high but it squeaks too ... can't beat that
don't think it's as good as some of the pricier stuff but for the money it's good . next time i think i just buy the more expensive .
my dogs enjoyed this toy for the short time it lasted but was not very durable for my small toy dogs .
the foods size is too big for chicken to swallow . none of my chickens liked and didn't eat none . i dont recommend it .
the cats use and love this door . it is soft and easy to train the cats to use . works great !
these toys are sturdy and i don't have to pick up the stuffing , she'll never know it's missing ! both of us love these toys .
too bad we can't find it in the bushes .. my 7mo lab liked its weight and enjoyed chasing it .. rolled in the grass well .
my dogs love this toy whatever it is . they play tug of war and keep away , as well as fetch with this .
three thin bully sticks braided together.it provides a brief and calming chew for my lab.would purchase again at the right price , nothing above $ 8.00
dogs love it & it is a great way to maintain dental health along wiht brushing their teeth . i highly recommend this to all dog lovers out there
good cat food covers . have run through the dishwasher and hold up great . not much more to say , they work . :)
they love it , would eat it all day if they had a their way . i always add a little gravy because the pate has little juice .
i have used it many times , but i have seen no improve in my cats behavior . i am not happy with it at all .
the two rows of teeth really work well in combing out fleas and loose fur . the handle also made it easy to hold .
i did think it was a softer plastic that the dog could grip . it is rigid . but she loves it . no regrets .
this works just like a butane lighter gas , and is very easy to use . just wish the contraption for this spray lasted as long as the spray .
i have been looking for this squirrel feeder and was happy to find it on amazon .
this water dish is perfect for long walks and i love the fact that it has a clip to go on a belt . really pleased .
my 2 dogs go crazy if they see or smell . they love it so much . not too big or small . very easy to chew
this is a wonderful toy for my lab puppy . she chases and bites at the bubbles and has a lot of fun .
i use this daily on my two dogs ' food and they have clean teeth and breath . my vet suggested it and we've used it ever since .
got this for under $ 5 on sale . decent sized container . my dwarf gourami and betta seem to enjoy the granules , as do my tetras .
these are conveniently packaged so they're easy to use . my cat gets one every night for dinner and loves the flavors .
i have always used pennplax for my tank over 25 years . they last a long time . i recommend this item .
bought these to replace all the squeakers my pom destroys . my dad sews them in with his professional machine . then he tears them up again .
i thought these would be great especially for nighttime play . but , the dogs prefer the other kinds of this brand of ball .
it is really " no mess " feeder . birds seem to like it too . since it is clear , it doesn't affect the appearance of the cage .
i would agree with the other reviewer who said his dog would sell his soul for one of these . my dog loves these bones like no other treat .
my dog really enjoys these and they were a good value . i would purchase again . this is a convenient way to purchase treats for my dog .
i use this leash daily . it is great for walks , and is a great , vibrant color . that is it washable is also a plus .
it's a plastic scoop , just like it was advertised . not sure how you could really mess this up . works great and what i was looking for .
use it after each bath and no more ear infections.plus i don't let the groomer bath him anymore.smells very good
my dog   loves to play with these bones . at least it distracts him from breaking or chewing other things around the house .
one on my dogs favorite toys . surprisingly the flexible center post has survived too . the petsafe dogs treats work well with this toy
it grows pretty full but guess my cat didn't really eat . i end up throwing it away when the grass started to turn brown
my dog thinks it's oh-so-fun to make the treats come out as it wobbles .
my cats ( all 40 of them ... i feed ferals as well as my inside cats ) all love this product . it's their favorite .
great stuff and the dogs love the gravy part of this . this makes me feel like i am giving them a full nutritional meal
my bunny likes these pellets , i prefer to buy the oxbow timothy hay though because it has no alfalfa in it like this one
great option for those of us who don't want to order a second tag . this clip makes it easy to switch a tag from one collar to another .
both dogs absolutely love this toothpaste . this is the first time i have been able to brush their teeth without a fight !
my friend has a cat to seems to be constantly throwing up and has diarrhea then she said it helped her cat within days
the product is built quite well and sturdy . both my dogs are able to get outside and i am secure in knowing they can't break loose .
it helped to clear out the bacteria bloom causing white cloudy water from my tank . i'm not sure what the difference is between this and hypersorb though .
this is pretty much solid meat and my dogs love lamb . it is a very good brand and is soft enough to mix with dry food .
works for any dog , but my puppy prefers the taste over others i have tried . cheaper price than from the vets office .
for tough chewers this bone is one of our dogs favorites ! wolf size isn't huge good fit for medium / large breed !
great for training and very high quality . once my dog improves on walks , i'll buy the longer version of this leash .
it completes the litter box set up . gives it a finished look , and keeps the litter from being thrown outside the box .
my dogs like the food and i like not having to go out to buy it , and i get it in 2 days .
this is a cute little ball that says annoying things . i thought my dogs would love it . they could care less about it .
this toy makes my cat go crazy , he loves it . the way they fly through the air is almost like a real bird .
this is the only being i buy for my small animals . i trust the brand and it does a good job .
this stuff has saved my couch , my tables , and my pant legs - even the back of my legs :) its great !
i bought this treat for my 1 year old yorkshire terrier , size is perfect for training , smells goodmy dog loves it so much
a nice small " treat " for your dog to keep his weight down and yet encourages hiyour dog to do what you ask .
i found this salmon oil at a fair and my 4 dogs have had this product for about 11 years . great , healthy dogs !
unless you got really small dogs maybe . if you leave a dog over 30 pounds alone with this you wont likely see it again in one piece .
i wish these lasted longer ( about 6 months ) though they seem to last longer than the other brand of cat pheromones . but they are a godsend .
i ordered this for my cat's cages they are inwhile kittens . it is great . i plan on adoptingmore so this will come in very handy .
this product really helps my cats diarrhea . i just mix it in with her wet food . i think it's gentle enough to use everyday .
the clipper is working well so far . my cat doesn't like to have her nails cut , but the clipper works .
my dog loves this ball . durable enough so my serious chewer can't penetrate the material.loud squeakerhappy mom , happy puppy
all age kitties love it . soft , warm , fits in carrier and in cage shelf .
i like it . it has good grip but buy this item only when your dog is trained not to chew their leash .
both of my cats usually chow down any food i put down but for some reason do not care for this collection .
love the product ... my cats are so healthy with shiney and bright coats ! please add this to your auto ship program .. much appreciated ! toni cross
this bag is huge and it is the same price as the smaller bag in pet stores . our puppy loves it . would purchase again .
my lab puppy loves this toy . he is able to get the squirrels out and squeak each one ! great quality !
this food was a little drier than most of the mighty dog canned foods . my dogs didn't eat it as well as most mighty dog canned foods ?
just too big for my comfort . kitchen isn't that roomy . but what can you do when you have 2 hungry and thirsty cats ?
the collar is very nice looking as well as sturdy . good product , easy to put on and take off . highly recommended .
out of all the toys i've bought , this is the one they play with all the time . all my cats love this toy .
it too a bit but my shepard's chew the corner . this is a replacement while i try and repair the liner and the cover .
it's so easy to buy my marine supplies this way.they fit perfectly in my filter & the price was great .
this is a great little thermometer to have in the comer of the tank . not big , but give that additional temperature back up reading .
aqua garden started sprouting within five days , even in low light . you will be delighted with this product , if you purchase it .
just the right height for my cat who loves to send the litter flying when he " covers up . " he likes it also .
this was a gift for a frisky cat . he really like the treats and they did provide a calming effect .
nice leash , well-made , but a little to heavy for my puppy just yet . better for an older or larger dog , probably 20lbs + .
one of the best toys we found out there for our 75lb lab . it's durable and our lab is able to hold on to it well and tug .
as a foster for many kittens this is the best for kittens that i have found . the kittens like it and seem to digest it easily .
she loves chewing on it and i prefer that she uses it instead of me ! would recommend to anyone . one of her favorite chew toys .
this item arrived quickly and my dogs absolutely love this toy . great toy at a great price .
bought this product due to the flea trouble even though everything has been tried to eliminate the problem . it is great .
great great purchase the cats or the kittle loves it she sleeps in it more than the bigger cat who does from time to time use it .
getting new sprouts . so you don't need any fertilizer.my plants are growing new leaves each week.the amazon swords are shooting pass my water line .
i don't like it . my dog keeps sliding out of it . i'm afraid that she might fall out of it .
you can throw it , yet it is very lightweight , so you can play indoors . also fun to tug with your dog .
product purchased as replacement filters for my roomba as , at times , manufacturers don't make items to support their products . i purchased several for future use .
much more expensive at my local pet store . good value at amazon . fits filter perfectly . works well in a small 1 gallon tank .
my dog not only loves these , they tend to satisfy his hunger pains before supper and he digests them perfectly . yum-o ! !
his favorite is still the tuffy turtle . but , he plays a lot with this one too . he hasn't destroyed it yet . (8 month old lab )
beautifully made , love the ramp or stair setup , but our older german shepherd wouldn't use it , so we returned it . thank goodness for amazon prime !
love the color and that its reflective . the color stands out more so people will notice my pup is a boy not a girl
i have two cats about 10 lbs each . these are sharp and work efficiently and are easy to maneuver . good product .
those carriers looked great but are a bit too small for cats especially when they grow up so we returned them
my cat is a petite female weighing in at 6.5 lbs , this bag could not fit her . super tiny and awful .
i'd like it smaller which is my problem not realizing it would be large for a little dog . it works though . i have a teddy bear shichon .
it keeps odors down and costs much less . it's a shame it never caught on because it's a cheaper alternative that works better than scoop-able litter .
this nylabone is a fav for my labs , perfect size and it lasts through their chewing wear and tear , they are not gentle !
yeah made is usa ! works great ! snaps on to different sizes easily . keeps shape after washing . colors easy to find in kitchen cabinet .
it lasted longer than most toys , the white parts were chewed up by the end of first day , but the toy is still in one piece .
not stinky smelling or slimy but not interesting to the dogs . these things are really hard and dogs are not interested .
just tried these and my lab-mix loves them .. will definitely purchase more . also - they are made in the usa ... yay ! ! !
a must have for large weekly water changes ! added directly to the tank after water changes . does it's job perfect !
my dog loves to play frisbee and it's the perfect size for her to carry . it's durable and i love the fact that it's made in the usa !
this brand has worked well for me and the price on amazon was much better than in store ( pet smart ) .
this works very well on my long haired german shepherd and i also have a smaller one for my cats . every swipe gets tons of hair .
my dogs alway have to get a treat for going outside and these are the perfect size treats and they love them
not the quality i thought they would be . on the thin side as far as absorption . would not purchase again .
my pleco and snail love these wafers . they are easily broken up so i can spread around my tank , but also don't cloud the water .
this toy is okay for some , but my rambunctious kitty is bored with it . she watches it , but that's all .
it's a good mix between before a rope and a ball . pretty durable but my lab destroyed it . my pits still have one in tact .
it covers my dogs extra bed very nicely when i store it away to be used later . it's easy to put on .
it is a great product to use when first starting out your fish tank . once it cycles , it's not as necessary to check the water as often .
as i mention on my previous reviews that i bought 3 different flavors which my dogs luv it . i highly recommend this product to pet owners .
these are the best training pads i've been able to find . the price on amazon is also a great price .
if directions are followed religiously , it works very well . if they are not followed , the product doesn't work at all .
our cats seemed to like the taste of these treats . i really don't think it helped the smelly aspect , tho . probably won't purchase again .
lily thinks these healthy edibles are fantastic . i like the fact that they are nylabone and edible , they keep her busy for a while .
this is my new favorite dog food brand ! i used the puppy formula for my dog at first , but moved on to this .
these cat nail chippers work well , clean cutting . i have 5 kittens and it has not splintered their nails . recommended
set up a new larger aquarium and used these check valves to prevent siphoning if i lose power . i'm sure they will do their job if necessary .
good quality . dogs just haven't shown much interest in playing with . puppy's showed a little more interest so keeping around for them .
i have 15 month old boxer this is his favorite toy i think . he toss's & chases after it like its trying to get away . fun to watch
our rhodesian ridgeback puppy destroys every toy we give to her but not this and she loves playing tug a war with it .
my dogs love this . i have had to buy another one since i bought this one . i have small dogs that love it .
i love these and so do the dogs . they're so reasonable that when they meet their end , i just get a few more .
my two girls love these . and best of all they are made in the usa which is very important to me and my girls .
great gift for new puppy owner - gets them off to the needed start of cleaning up wherever = 5 stars
the wipes smell great , but they are not very effective . takes a lot of wipes to do simple tasks because they aren't very moist .
my babies love these toys and they do last a while between 4 dogs sharing and playing together great item
it helps my dog a great deal and she enjoys taking it she thinks it is a treat when i give it to her
my cat cleo , votes with her tongue ! she loves this product and has eaten it since we rescued her in december ...
so far so good . the last set of another provider was chewed through in less then a month . these have lasted for over 3 months , excellent .
you really get a large can with this . my albino and panda cory cats love this food , the other fish also peck at it .
it is a clean and appealing snack for my dog and she loves them ! that should be a good recommendation - coming from a dog !
my dog absolutely loved this toy , however the squeaker quit working within the 1st hour . the toy itself is surprisingly durable .
works as explained . i'm happy with the product , easy to install and covers the seat fully . dogs are loving it .
my large yellow lab loves this toy . hard filled and round which prevents him from chewing it up . would recommend especially for dogs that love to chew .
good product . it keeps the grass from the yellow spots produced by dogs ' urine . i shop around only for price .
needed some flea powder for my dogs bed to kill whatever fleas she brought in from outside . this worked just fine .
the lid seals very well and holds a 30 pound bag of dog food . just the right size for the kitchen .
this is a great durable dog ball and it has holes on both ends so we put treats in there as well and the dog loves it even more .
they work . they last as long as any other battery . nice nice nice for the right price . remember to recycle used batterys .
dog takes this and has had no problem with it being put into her food . has had no side effects . this was recommended by her vet .
the litter locker is a life saver for cleaning the litterbox . these refills are super important and the 12 - back works out to be the best deal .
i like the salmon oil better , but this is good for a change.gotta watch the pump , sometimes it quits working , whichis a total pain .
my cats love the party mix treats and the 7 pack allows me to keep a supply on hand for them .
well , glad i ordered 2 packs of these since 1 in each pack would not plunge without putting too much air in our abandoned kitten's bellies ...
my piggy loves this hay , she eats the crap out of it , which means i have to buy a ton of it , lol
my dog seems to like these the way i like chocolates ; and i hope i understand correctly that they help keep her teeth clean .
i have been buying this for the past few years , and only have positive things to say about it . :-)
great toy and will last - dutch shepherd will jump 10 feet in the air to get this - not too much distance
very messy bones . smell . my large dog cracks into slivers . medium dog just gnaws and no slivers . dogs do love them
timing in shipment was great , product worked all functioned and was worth it all round nice experience and worth the risk it comes to the door .
did not hold up ~ broke within a few days and there goes all the tags ~ will never order again ~ unhappy with quality
my cats love this food and i can rest easy knowing that they are eating a healthy pet food that isn't filled with grains and other low quality products .
my cat loves this combination . it definitely is a good bargain . it provides a variety and it is nutritionally balanced .
i have a coon hound and this is perfect for her since she loves to run however doesn't have the sense to come back when called .
this sticker gives me some peace of mind when i am away from home . it's bright and easy to spot .
this is well made and works better than a different one i bought a couple years back . i'd recommend this .
i read that yorkies get bad teeth in old age . so , i hope to help my dog by giving her one of these before bed each night .
very sleek , well made , nice rounded edges . three times a day i think " what a nice scoop i have " . happy customer .
my dog was used to the kong dispenser . my trainer recommended this one and my dog hated it .. the kong is much simpler .
it smells good and stays down for hours . my cats gobble it up and it seems to be a good quality .
easy to install , easy to remove , easy to wash . keeps the car clean so what more is needed to be said .
i was very pleased with the soft yet sturdiness of this carrier . my cat loves it and what a good fit for a fat cat .
i can't speak for myself , but i can attest to the fact that my 2 shih tzus really like these chewies !
perfect size , doesn't tip over when my hedgehog eats from it . i'd recommend it to anyone who's looking for a good pet dish .
i used these in conjunction with dog training , the are just the right size ! i love natural / organic products and this one helped fit the bill .
i prefer steel but this is eay to clean and my 4 cats and small dog love it . completely silent .
very absorbing ! the size is almost perfect fit for the iris pee pad holder . they work very well together . no odor !
great stuff . we got it for our red tail boa . it works great and this is a decent size bag , so it will last a while .
my dogs and i are peanut butter lovers , and when i opened the package . they noticed immediately . < akes dogs happy .
gave this as a gift but it looked really well made and was a unique shape ! looked like it would be easy to clamp on to or catch
when added to your hob filter system it provides an easy method to achieve softer water necessary for amazon environment situated tanks .
i've used a few different brands of dap collars and this is the best . calms my anxious dog in stressful situations .
will buy again am sticking with wellness products , purchased these the harder type snack good for her teeth than soft ones and she loves them will buy again
this kennel is great for my cat who refuses to enter the kennel on her own sometimes . not for a bigger cat but med sized .
these serve the intended purpose , and they have a cute design . i do think it's funny that even doggy poo bags now come with a facebook symbol .
i would have given this a five star review but just too small for my lab to truly enjoy it .
works excellent like most all of the seachem products . we will not use any other brand in our many tanks . seachem is the best !
i have to huge hounds that plow thru treats quickly . these bones last for a long time . my fur babies love them .
this is a great filter , i go through quite a few of them but this is the best . i would recommend this to anyone
my lhasa apso just loves her treats - she is a finicky little eater when it comes to treats but she just loves these .
very small for even 8lb havanese pup . she feels cramped and has a very long stretch once she gets out . otherwise product is cute and very sturdy
as the drinkwell fountain was so noisy that my cats wouldn't use it i gave these to a friend of mine but don't know if she used or not
our acd loves this toy . we fill it with her kibble and a few treats and it keeps her busy for 30 minutes at a time !
its a nice product , works well with the original drinkwell . however the lid seems to tighten on its own and can be a pain to remove .
just save your milk bottle rings . my cat has no interest in these . i won't be buying anymore of these .
happy with clipper but position of on / off switch i found my self shutting it off unintentionally or slowed speed while grooming
never once found ice on the dog bowl with this item . the wrapped cord is a good safety factor and i know my pup will have fresh water .
i didn't notice any difference in the dog i got it for . plus it has a strong disagreeable perfumy smell .
my favorite natural pet stores sell these for a higher price . they fit perfectly into treat toys and my dog loves all of the flavors .
works better than any retractable i've used . love the tape instead of the cord . well worth the price for the quality .
didn't last . my dogs put holes in it in less than 15 minutes . maybe good for a dog without teeth !
yes enjoyed them and they were perfect for my 55 gallon tank and a lot cheaper for the 12 pack .
my dog hates to be brushed , but he seems to tolerate this brush just fine . i will recommend this to my friends .
very soft for the delicate skin and very practical for taking out knots , i love the product , it is great for my small dogs .
was using a hygrometer without a probe , the steam ended up frying my old one . so i got this , and it has worked perfectly .
roller is great fun for my two puppies . they love to chew but plastic is hard enough that it is used for play .
my dog didn't like these , and i don't think they were particularly good for her teeth . save your money for something else .
if you put a greenie and nutri dent in front of our dogs , they will always choose the nutri dent over greenie !
outstanding product . easy to set up , easy to transport . i use it for my mobile grooming business and love everything about it . highly recommend .
these do attract my little boy dog to pee on them , but not my little girl =d on't know why = love the ease of washing and quick drying
this product does not work . i used it on my puppy for a week and sheshe still has tear stains .
made for large dogs , very well made and strong this will work very well for my german shepherds i give it a a +
perfect little heater . did the job perfectly . item was new and packaged well . thanks ! my fish think it is just great .
nice bowls with easy in and out access from hangers . easy clean up make these a good choice for cat cages .
my 2 year old corgi covered it up with his blanket and said no thank you . i rated it based on his opinion .
these treats work well for sheba and she likes their taste . i would recommend them to anyone looking for this type of product for their cat .
this is so great i know my little one ( 5 lbs . ) is getting everything she needs in a nice compact food .
it's made of decent material . it looks like it will hold up after some rough play . dogs have not paid much attention to it yet though .
perfect ... keeps my dogs from getting their heads too far out of the windows .
15 minutes and it had a hole in its neck , missing the squeeker and the stuffing . not well put together .
just as expected it holds dog food seals nicely and the casters on the bottom , although cheap , make it easy to move around if need be .
these are a refill for the busy buddy gnawhide . i should have gotten more because all the dogs love these . two of them are great danes
oh my gosh , once the batteries died in this , i thanked god . hearing the birthday song over and over again about killed me ...
this product just didn't work at all , in fact i'm almost convinced the poodle boy was actually attracted to it . :/
excellent for leashes , collars or dog clothing.the little bones at the end of the hooks keep everything from sliding off.great size and good quality materials.highly recommend !
i applied this to my dogs ears and two days later it was all better ! just follow the simple directions :) highly recommended
when i pull out this toy .. my dog goes bonkers .. great for building drive .. or just for fun
its perfect and goes well with our new harness , its a quality product and maia loves the colour and very happy when we go out .
this is great for flying your pet . it also features handy compartments on the top to store their food in.highly recommended .
this one is probably our cats ' fav food . they really love this one ! terrific price , too ! always included on our orders .
my dog isn't the biggest fan of the saddle pack , but it's great for him to carry his own stuff on our hikes !
it took my cockatoo 10 minutes to completely destroy this thing . she liked it but it did not keep her busy .
my cats like these three flavors . there are 12 cans in the box so it'll last for awhile . i would recommend it .
the kong naturals premium catnip is the best i've ever bought . it has a nice mint scent to it , and my cat goes crazy over it .
i don't think i have to worry about poop bags for the rest of the year ! the bags are good quality and the dispenser works great .
it is nice to play tug a war with and teaching my dog to fetch it makes it easy with training .
i like these . very absorbent and they pick up leakage from the sides . i have several little dogs and these last longer .
they're spoiled brats and they like their treats . it's a race to finish their share & steal the other guy's share
my dog , an avid chewer , chewed apart the entire toy in under 10 minutes , rather than being entertained by trying to get the hidden treats .
i need several timers on turning appliances on certain time of day . this one also has 3 outlets that are not timer controll which is a good balance .
bought this based on the great reviews . however , none of the cats in my life would even give them a try !
they do the job , don't leak through and they're cheap compared to other brands ( petco ) .
excellent taste cats love them ... make sure your kitty crushes them so they cleanse their teeth ... i would definitely buy them again
the dogs love this . it bounces all over the place and they like to pick it up with their mouths and throw it themselves ! !
i like how it just attaches to the collar , however the engraving / tag scratches really easily , but for the price you can't complain .
recently stareted crate training my pup . this works great . he can't turn over or spill the water . easy to attach .
barney enjoys this a lot i have it hung on the corner of a rocker / swivel and he go nuts and gets upset when i get up .
my dogs love these treats , and i feel comfortable about buying them because they are us made by the merrick company . nothing from china .
when i shake and open these treats my cats come running , they can't get enough of these ! it's a shame the bags aren't bigger
the cat toy my cats likes , and amazon has the cat nip toy . i can always find what i'm looking for
i love these bows . i'm going to reorder them for lola poochie's summer look . the price is also very reasonable .
very difficult to program and i found it dumped the wrong amount of food each time . i would not advise buying it .
i put this on my dog as instructed and he stopped itching really soon . i recommend this product to anyone
use this stuff in my aquariums when my fish have ich ! works great ! `
my dogs wont eat just anything and had to go online to find them , i'll be ordering more dogs love them
i mix it into the dogs food each morning . they like it and i know the oil is good for them .
my cat fannie loves fur ball toys and these are great . a good price for a lot of toys .
stay very very very far away from this . it is utter rubbish certified , re-certified junk that isnt worth a penny .
i love all of the kong toys . they are all great . my dog does not like this stick ... but many dogs might enjoy it .
these are super tiny . great for small dogs only since i am afraid a large dog may swallow it . very well sewn .
this is a great filter and keeps my 55 gallon running clean love the changeouts on filters fast and easy :)
as i cannot say i myself have taste tested the minced savory chicken i have to go by my cats reaction - they seem to like it .
my dogs love these . between my golden and frenchie they chew one up a month or so . keeps them occupied with no mess .
my shih tzu mix loves this . he loves the shape and can chew it up for hours . i wish nylabone makes more of this in different flavours .
this is the only brand my picky eater cat will eat . appreciate that it has a variety of flavors in one box .
the puppy loves to chase this around if you bounce or roll it . the puppy also takes it and throws it which makes it bounce !
the dogs will gobble their meds when the pill is squished into this peanut butter delight , although rosie can on occasion separatethe two .
this is great for my cats fur . it's so shiny and soft . i recommend it to all cat and dog owners .
don't expect this to last more than a day or two . my macaw had fun and then it was gone !
i buy these all the times for my dogs , i would not order any other wee wee pads for them .
my cat loves this product . he likes to eat the gravy and loves the cheese . he is one happy cat !
awesome ! would definitely recommend this to everyone . it not only nourishes your plants but it looks fantastic in the tank ! !
i am a breeder of large breed dogs . i always order this for the weaning process . the puppies really take to it .
they should post the length of this and the length of the power heads because together , they were too long for my tank .
works great for dogs with waxy ears , no residue , cleans completely when used as maintenence on a weekly basis . highly recommend .
i have 2 emperor 400s and i use this now - i use to use just plain salts , but then i found this and the price is right .
this one bag has lasted a awful long time - and still have a lot of - it is the same thing you'd stick in a pillow
this is a great toy for tug o war with a bunch of puppies , i have 9 fosters and they love this toy !
cats love having some hard food in carrier . use the second bowl for just enough water to keep them happy with spillage . very well made bowls .
my male cat has decided to get picky , but i bought several types of cat greenies and he loves them all !
broke the old one on my aquaclear 110 . this claimed to be universal so i gave it a try . fit perfectly
this scoop is super heavy duty and much better than the plastic one we had . i am happy with it and it should last a lifetime .
like them look to purchase more ? ? ? couldn * t find.easy to administer to my cats.think i will try to get drontal in the future if i can
they don't really seem to get it and it's too big for them to bat around . i'm hoping they'll figure it out eventually .
have two cats . both need to maintain healthy diet . give them 3 different sd foods . indoors mostly , only out in screen area .
this is a fine litter mat . it catches all the litter sprayed from the box , keeps the area neat . the cats like it .
after reading the great reviews , i was excited to get this for my cat . unfortunately , my cat found little interest in this .
dunno what it is about cheese ' n cats but my cat loves friskies with cheese . gobbles it up . would recommend . great price , too .
we don't really see a change in the dog ... but it could also be that we don't give it to him regularly.we will try again .
my dog loves to chew and for a medium sized dog she is pretty powerful . she loves nylabone and really enjoyed this particular bone with it's three sides !
my dogs were not that crazy about these , they are small and to messy for my liking .
it adjustable for small or big dogseasy to cleanand can store extra food on bottom
strong , durable , floats , bounces , doesn't hurt dogs mouth and she can close her mouth more in the water on retrieval of the stick .
pup was able to eat plastic ... treats came out very rapidly ... the pup did not have to work at dispensing the treat ...
i got this long ago and have used it for my morning walks with my 2 goldens . good size and have had no accidents so far .
time saver with a lab who sheds a lot ! we gave two more as gifts to family and they like them too .
this tool is way better than clippers or cheap dremels . fairly good price too . my dogs will tolerate this more than clippers .
i always feed my dog halo . it's never been recalled , has human grade ingredients , and seems to help my dogs skin condition .
i have 2 small dogs 6 and 15 pounds and they both love to play with this ! it can be stuffed with small biscuits very easily .
my dog usually likes flat stuffed toys , but she really took to this one . it now has a revered spot among her favorites .
nice quality bulb for heating animals . used for my sugar gliders and was great lasted a long time also and easy to wipe off when cool .
my puppy liked this so well it disappeared in no time . wish it was just a little more difficult to chew yet still tasty .
check one no two check valves for your air lines , this will keep any water backflow from fubaring your air pump .
this is a great value and just as good as other brands that cost upwards of $ 9 for this size package
perfect works great - a must have - don't waste your money on the plastic attachments - don't work .
my kitties love these treats ! these have helped with their stinkie breath which is nice ! they wait all day for their evening cookies !
my heavy chewers love this kong . it holds up to lots of chewing , throwing and treat excavation ! my dogs love their kong . : )
the kitties love thse laser pointers . i needed a new one and saw this pointer and the great price.so i bought it , well worth the price !
i mix this with the halo chicken canned and my labradoodle really likes it . no problems with stomach on this food .
last star doesn't go on until the product redesigns itself , making it stiffer so it works better , especially in the shedding seasons
my dogs love this toy . two of them play tug with this and while it shows wear , it still is intact .
takes off a lot of hair . always seems to be more though . would recommend for medium hair cats . brush lightly , tines are sharpish .
my vet recommended this food , saying we could find better food than fancy feast . unfortunately , she wont eat this . wont reorder .
these are a very good product at a very good price . have used others in the past that cost more but these work just as well .
my dog feels comfortable on this table , very sturdy and well made . i would recommend this grooming table . colors are nice also .
my maltese breaks he squeaker within 5 minutes . too flimsy . i have to replace twice a day . would never buy again
our boxer loves this ! only downside is that it does leave bits and pieces all over the house . it's now an outside toy .
i have used this corner litter box many times . it fits well and is very large . i recommend this highly .
my russian blue cat enjoyed this cat food . she's not the pickiest eater but has been known to turn up her nose to some food .
actually ended up sending it back , wouldn't fit in my space . i'm sure this has a good use , just not for me .
the smell is very strong but it works even on mites and ticks without poisoning the pets . be prepared about the strong evergreen or pinesol scent ...
bought this for watering my 2 dogs . works exactly like it should , it holds water and is easy to clean
use this as a preventative measure , or to heal . either way it works great at keeping the digestive system in tune .
these are tiny fot for a big dog , and there is nothing really on the bone for the dog to chew on , just a tint bone .
we have 2 small dogs and they love these little treats . small size is great for our small dogs . good texture too it seems .
these are very nice and sturdy . holds a 16 pound bag of kibbles n ' bits perfectly . keeps the food fresh and nothing gets in it .
the bed is exactly what i expected . it fits perfect in the crate and provides enough padding for my dog
a good solid set of clippers for a great price ! they are sturdy , not too small , and comfortable to use .
the rawhide seems fine but for whatever reason my dog would not chew these like he does to so many others .
which of course doesn't mean it's a bad toy , just they prefer something else to keep them entertained . oh well .
the only thing my puppy will eat - vet recommended and he says the puppy is healthy
great size for x small toys . my chi was really happy that his woobie made noise again .
fits well and does a good job of keeping my car seats hair free and covers all of the seat
it's their favorite ! and mine too.even the sound helps me sleep . i have always had a hard time sleeping . not anymore .
my puppy loves this toy and carries it around the yard and house all the time . it is not too heavy ( he is about 35 lbs ) .
this is a great product . i am so happy with this . its easy cheap and i hardly every have to replace it .
keeps my dogs entertained . super fun . showed up quick . the squirrels needed to be replaced soon . that goes with any stuffed toy .
it collects all the dirty stuff in my aquarium i noticed that me amonnia levels went down and beneficial bacteria grew on it
very few bones actually are all natural . this is one i would recommend for us picky moms . i really watch what i feed my bc .
these are great and because they are large , it lets you see how to cut the pet's fur . they are sharp and do the job .
i will use this long line for obedience classes and cgc testing . i liked the price as well . good deal ,
my guinea pigs gobble this up hay up ! this is the third brand i've tried and this is definitely their favorite !
i use this with both my 405 and 406 fluval's filters . does a great job at keeping waste trapped . my tank is much cleaner longer now !
my two dogs love the taste of the pedigree canned food . it's a mid-price option that works well on a budget .
this was a hit with our puppy ! he chewed on it for hours trying to break the treat off of it .
this is so handy to get more than one refill cartridge . they are exactly what i needed .
big & durable , the dogs love it and it will last awhile ! probably could be thicker on the one end but otherwise okay .
this is the best hidden fence accessory ever . so happy with this purchase . i wish i'd seen it sooner .
bought this brush for a tiny maltese dog and it works very well for the price . handle is plastic but comfortable to use .
my dog absolutely loves this toy . thanks very much . she really enjoys us throwing it so she can chase it !
bulll terrier loves to eat his peanut butter and treats in this ! very solid and yet he can chew to his hearts delight !
this is great training treat , it does a wonderful job during his training session . dog loves these tremendously . recommended for training .
i bought it and three months later , it broke . made very flimsy . super disappointed and colossal waste of money . avoid .
my cats would not touch it . bought it for a kitten we had rescued . he would not eat it and neither would the other four cats .
my dog is very happy with this product as well am i . i have order this several times and it much cheaper then buying it at the pet shop
now is only to have the patience for show the cats how to use thisthe product look like in the picture and is great quality materialscome on time
i have used several sizes of halti for my growing german shepherd puppy . i love this collar and the control it gives . i'd recommend it to anybody .
these help deter pets from going where you don't want them to . however , they cansneak in-between them.it works fine .
good size and made out of recycled materials ... what more could you ask for ?
big strong magnet cleaner , using this on my 90 gallon i have finally found one strong enough to do the job :)
great item . dogs not only sleep on it but they love to wrestle there too.may have to buy a second one
perfect for the freestyler ! when trying to get the dog to learn new behaviours , this is the perfect tool . thanks !
this is what my vet recommends for my dog with congenital gingivitis . helps with his bad breath too . both dogs love the taste .
our cats love love love this fountain , they have had several others however this is the winner in their eyes . easy to clean .
these are my favorite toys dor my destructive chewer . they withstand play and strong jaws . i will purchase more drom west paw design .
buying more - work great to hide fish oil pills . good product , will stock up on these , all flavors . great !
it gives massage to our kittens and is not hard on their skin . and it catches most of the hair .
i have one cat who loves to scratch cardboard and sleep in boxes . i bought this for her and she loves it .
i feel confident using these that i won't hurt my schnickelfritz , and it gets the job done quickly . nice and sharp .
pretty much just a big balloon . i would not purchase again , just go to the dollar store and buy some balloons .
great treats for training . little jack russells love the taste ... they go nuts for these . best part - they're healthy ! yum
i have not used this food yet , so don't really know if my dog will like it > i will start her on it in february .
this cuts well , doesn't make the hair look too choppy , and stays sharp . i don't like cutting wet hair , so it works really well dry .
these are great for cleaning your pups teeth and my pups love them ! ! they were recommended by a friend that had bought them for her pup .
my dog loves it and plays with it all the time . it is very durable and looks like it will last a long time .
my 5 lb yorkie loves these . she could chew these little stinkers all day long . they seem like a pretty healthy treat which makes me happy .
i have bought this product for my yorkshire terrier , whose weight is ( 4.4 pounds ) it fits well , good quality and price .
good price , great size , my fury kids love them . geat treat to have around , i will be getting more of these .
the flat tape makes all the difference . those cords are nasty and will burn you or a small child in a nano-second .
really smells good and works well . only 4 stars as i prefer all natural which this is not . it is delicious thoughand works well .
my ragdoll cat really likes this toy . great fun from the time we took the toy out of its package .
this is great . anyone with a cat should should have one of these . i would recommend this product to everyone !
he loves it , that's what counts to me ! my over-sized kitty goes bonkers for this brand and it's always fresh
looks like a baby's teething ring , but my little terrier (8 pounds or so ) absolutely loves chewing on this and batting it around !
my little monsters love them . i have seen a significant reduction in hairballs as long as i give them these treats on a regular basis .
this perch came highly rated . i ordered it for my two cockatiels and they love it . it's better for their feet than the sanded perch covers .
the imperial cat neat and tidy , heavy duty litter mat is not especially attractive but it does the job of trapping litter well .
my sons dog is obsessed with this ball , he just won't put it down , it is very hard and bounces great
and he dont like organic or any kind of fruit .. i really should of known better . the cats cannot tell ' ' sweet''dogs can .
bachi ripped the package open . good deal plan to buy more for bachi ' s birthdayin june bachi just loves to get a little surprise.in the mail
works great ... i was able to eliminate all of the drugs & shots for my dog . she no longer suffers & itches .
what a joke .. if this entices your cat .. you have one in a million .. it's horrible
works great in the car . works with my seat belt . keeps the puppy in her seat . what more could you ask for ?
this comes with everything you need . it's very simple and very easy to use . i'm very pleased with it so far .
my cats love it and i've bought 2 more as gifts . they were a big hit . very durable and can handle a lot of play .
i love kong's because they are so durable , great chew toy that will help with teething and exercising puppy jaws.yes i would recommend
neither of my feline boys would eat these . i have tried an times but no luck . guess i will stay with the tablets i had been using .
my cats love this , i got it to sit in front of the windows and they will sit and bird watch or sleep .
my kitten loves this thing . i wish it had a hammock and was a little bigger but my cat loves it so whatever .
great price for the quantity and eco friendly - you cant beat that kind of deal ;) recommend to everyone
because the bottom part can flop around our puppy loves playing with this toy . he'll hold onto one end with his paws while trying to make the head squeak
my very picker eater eats it eagerly . i do add a little water to the dry and microwave for 15 seconds to warm it . he is spoiled :-)
does what it states plants look great and fish are not bothered . great product line from seachem . am also using some of there other stuff as well
dogs don't particularly like it . they eat some of it but leave the edges . i could leave it out for days before they touch it .
much better than others i've had . it is now my cats favorite scratching post . glad i paid the extra dollars .
this worked for a while , but after a few short years it started missing meals , and then quit working altogether .
love this cover but it is actually green and blue not white and blue like the picture appears . seems durable though !
best dog food ever ! if you love your animals , feed them like you do ! no byproducts , just good protein and veggies .
this was a gift for my brothers dog and she loves it . it's her favorite toy ! ! it definitely keeps her entertained
it was easy to make and easy to use but made my stain worse instead of better . i wouldn't buy this again .
my maltese does like these , they can be a bit crumbly though . this company seems to make good products . thanks
it works very well with out litter box - tracks most of the litter and dust . it would be perfect if it were bigger .
sturdy and my dogs all love it . the nylabone toys are always a hit in our house and they last the longest .
hardly got it out of the box and my cat went all happy on it ! ! ! great price for the product
i love these , i give them to sassie when she has been a good girl when i tell her to do something
my male pit loves this squeaky , he won't go anywhere without it . he's on his fourth or fifth but they last a long time
i don't find it to be sharp at all . i just love this for my tangled little shitzu . so saves my lucy a lot of pain !
just a simple dog toy but easy to buy online gets here fast and my dog loves them . great christmas gifts
this is huge and pet loved it . much larger than expected . super buy ! i should have ordered more of them .
our lab puppies and adults loved this toy . it is very strong and durable for tug-o-war to being tossed and retrieved . i will purchase again .
didn't even last through one game of frisbee once my dog shook his head the flyer split right in half
this keeps the pups busy , cleans their teeth and wears well ( it has lasted for over a year ) .
our cat loves it and plays with it for hours . she even perches on the arm of a chair and pounces on it . ver = y pleased
just what i wanted thank you . works great for catching scorpions . well made and light weight for carrying in the field .
i love it , because it helped cure a bout of corona , when my australian shepherd contracted the virus several months ago ...
easy to replace . just rinse it before you put it in your canister filter . fish are happy . therefore , i am happy :-)
i bought a habitrail and a den came with it but i got another one ! i am happy with my purchase .
i fill with water to keep ants out of food bowls . it has little round rubber pads on bottom corners to keep from slipping around .
came in wonderful condition and very prompt delivery . great for medium to large dogs . i would recommend this product to my friends and family .
just one word : indestructible . can't go wrong , recommend highly . buy it , do not even hesitate . great frisbee . loads of fun .
scoop works great and is very easy to clean . you can clip the storage thing to your litter box for added convenience .
love this crate & the three zippered opening makes it so easy to get your out when using it in different cars .
his teeth look great and he seems to think these are treats and not dental sticks . it is a win-win really .
we used it all with good results . no more barfing for the cat and the dogs were more regular , as they say .
good product . it's dog poop bags - what else can i say ? they are just like the ones you buy in the store .
the cats are going crazy for their new toys they got for christmas . they also sleep with it because it's cozy !
these bows are a bit smaller then i expected , but they are very cute and for the price would be hard to beat .
these are " mini " and good for small dogs , but i should have noticed how small since i have a larger dog .
this just makes sense to protect your floor from any accidental spills or sloshing . fits perfectly and is heavy duty enough that it should last for years .
initially my dog enjoyed playing with the toy . however , it did not take 12 hours to destroy . would not recommend .
not worth the money .. felt like hard cardboard . i would not use for my doggies returned wtihout a problem
my dogs love any dingo bones and these are great as it keeps them occupied for a while even for a dog that is a professional eater .
i love this air pump ! just got it to replace my 10 gallon pump ! works like magic :d woot woot !
it's good shampoo , but not the best i've used . i like the smell of it , however . it gives a nice lather .
none of my four cats will touch food that has this sprinkled on or stirred in it . not even a fraction of the amount suggested !
cats love to " capture " da bird as it brings out their hunting instincts , and it provides the exercise that indoor cats need .
i bought this for my cat because he grew out of his old one ... it is cute and very durable ! ! !
one of the collars continues to work but the other died after about two months . not pleased , what can i say .
i had to return it . nice leather but i did not want to cut it and puncture new holes in it .
my cat didn't seem to pay any attention to it ... it ended up being a messy waste . won't order it again .
i use this to get my dog away from the tv - it worked initially , but now the dog seems immune to it .
not the best brush on the market , but a good temporary brush for working through minor mats and knots , especially on wet coats .
this was such a great price , i saved quite a bit of money compared to purchasing this from my vet . same product , great price !
works well ... holds water , and doesn't slide around . a little small though . good for a medium to smaller dog in my opinion .
great product . we have a small buff color cockatoo and the angel eyes used twice per week keeps his eyes pristine .
bailey and charli love the zukes they are small and easy to give to the dogs . would definitely buy again .
this item is tuff and durable and the dogs love it would highly recomend if have multiple dogs that love to play
this doesn't come with the carbon odor controller that the original ones have , the replacement at my local pet store came with them and price was comparable .
we have tried other slow-em-down pet bowls but this is the one that works ! and they don't think it is a toy when the food is gone !
the bowls are easy to keep clean , and the rubber feet help keep it in place , 4 inch perfect size for a cat or small dog .
i order lots of pill pockets . these were fresh arrived on time good product dates good package no problems i will continue to order these
functional , easy to clean and unbreakable . i just wish the bowl was slightly deeper ( 3 " ) to prevent spillage . excellent product !
used to help pottie train my puppies on the pee pads but they didn't seem like the spray did any good i would not buy again
my dog is still barking at everything from the air to a person , gives me a headache daily , these do not calm her in any way
it smells good , lathers and seems to kill dog smell . i would order this product again . great deal for the cost
dasher ( 9 mths old wft ) loves to eating from toy treat . it's been 1 month and still in good shape . valued for money .
too flimsy and too light . i must have been sold a return item as the plastic covering the cardboard backing was nearly off upon arrival .
i've been feeding this brand since 1984 . the best choice for daily flake food , imo . keeps fish pretty and healthy . consistent quality .
gets my pets attention by the jingle of the chain . they love " dot " time . flashlight function unnecessary but doesn't detract from overall use .
larger than i expected and a great value . i will buy again when my bird decides to shred it . however it is a winner .
i have 2 dogs ages 7 years and 7 months respectively . each one loved these and had no problems digesting them .
these particular potty pads are the best that i have ever purchased . i have tried many different types , but these are by far the most effective .
it is a little small for our 13 lb toy poodle . does work for her as well as we had hoped .
cute , functional , durable ... i can't say anything negative about this leash . my dog looks cuter when i walk her with it .
this is an alternative way to soaking in garlic.the fishes love them.the details on this product is very easy to follow .
my dog and cat love this . you'd be surprised how much fur comes off of them .
this is a fairly high quality clicker . it's not a cheaply made item like those you had as a kid . it should last a good while .
i had a dark stain on a white rug . after 2 applications , it's gone ! this stuff is great to clean after pets .
my cats loved this , unfortunately it didn't last long - - maybe just a few weeks . the cardboard isn't as dense as in similar products .
i choose this rating because i like the productworks well for me with multiple dogs & the price is right
wellness complete health dry food in salmon and deboned turkey is the only food that doesn't make my cat sick . it's super stinky , but she loves that .
might fit on small cat food cans but not if you buy chicken soup for the dog lovers canned food . i had to get a different brand ...
don't know why i didn't get this sooner , very easy to manipulate , sturdily constructed . very useful tool for my long hair cats and tibetan terrier mix .
great doggie door , keeps me from having to get up and let the dog out 20 times a day and then back up to let him back in .
this product works just as i needed it to , as i have been grooming my dog from home and it helps to have this brush for her undercoat .
nice colors , but quite small . best used to feed a cat imo . = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
these are small - they didn't fit my 8lb cat . but they are super cute and would fit a kitten . yay !
nicely constructed and very well made . baby loves playing with it and it is rugged enough for my 7 year old rat with no problems .
dog chewed this thing up fast but loved it so im giving it 3 stars . he wouldent touch anything else execpt this
i had tick issues and this collar did the job in no time . it is worth the steep price and it lasts 8 months .
it broke and he's pretty well trained so he's not a bad puller , it's just bad quality . would not recommend this for pit bulls / mastiffs .
my cat's cant get enough of this stuff . wish it came in a larger more economical size .
love the set ! they look so fancy together and work just as they should ! kitty loves both ! would definitely recommend these .
i bought this for my dog as her work bed and she loves it . it is easy to wash and cute and sturdy ! ! !
these cost less $ money and work great on my two mini-dachshunds . just serve them hidden in a piece of cheese with a meal .
wonderful quality and we are still using the same carrier after 3 years for our chihuahua :)
great shampoo for my guinea pigs when it's bath time . this stuff really is awesome ! i totally recommend this stuff .
these three stooges are great ' look who's talking toys . ' they have multiple saying that repeat over the three with each having it's individual sound .
this dog food is the only one that is rated as human grade food . it is grain-free and provides a safe , well-balanced raw diet .
i like the product and it is just what our dogs needed . the best part is they love them also .
my goldens love bully sticks . i am leery of getting a bully stick from just any manufacture and have always had great products from redbarn .
my male cat loves this box , my female won't go inside it . both cats like the favorite 25 inch jumbo clear covered litter box .
they are cheap springs that my cat played with for a short while . they are relatively cheap and worth a try .
he chooses this product first of all the ones available and it is his favorite treat . buying them in bulk seemed like an easy choice .
extreamly health and my service dog loves them she has lost a lot of weight on them and best of all she keeps eating them
this could receive a 5 - star rating if both balls illuminate , but alas , only one ball lights up - hmm ... certainly not worth the price .
my dogs love them . they play with eachother with them . great product . i would recomend to anybody who has a dog that likes tennis balls .
make sure your dog is big enough for this collar , it's very large , really good quality and the 1 inch width isn't too heavy around the neck .
it deff calmed my dog's skin from the bug bites . but it didn't cure her from the fleas . sorry about it ,
sturdy and lasts longer than most dog toys . this one is on the smaller size , but big enough for our doberman ,
the vet recommended this brand , and my puppy loves it so i was very happy that i found this on amazon .
i purchased this pedi-perch for my ringnecked dove and she prefers it to the wooden dowels type bars that run the length of her cage .
this is an inexpensive cat toy your cat will love . once my cat ' loses ' them i will buy more . good buy .
they can and are in the process of destroying another one but it takes awhile and i just buy another when it's trashed .
i will keep it short , this thing did not work even after i changed the battery . i should have returned it .
this barrier worked great for my golden but the pit bull jumped over it . something to consider when purchasing .
thought my cats would use it ... not ! heating it in microwave doesn't help . tried putting catnip on it and that didn't help either .
didn't see any particularchange in my dogs mood or behavior . but this is a great treat ... and that's all there is to it .
this hides great against my black background tank . the heater was very easy to setup . just follow the clear instructions .
will not recommend for strong chewers - is fun to play with however did not last for my dog.not good for strong chewers
happy with the results . we used it to verify breed . we knew what breed of dog we had , just wanted to verify percentage .
great product to have in a house with multi cats , i can't live with out it . it is also a great price for the cartridges .
very convenient to buy these bags online.they are actually less expensive , than using gas , time etc to drive the 15 miles , to petco .
i am always looking for american made healthy treats for my dogs , this fits the bill , and they both love it .
senior cats need all the help i can give them to live long and well . they consider the vermont naturals a treat .
i have this products of 3 different flavors and all this three flavors i'm alternating in giving to the dogs & they luv it .
my dog had skin problems and i saw she felt relieved after i applied it . highly recommended . i'm glad i got it for her .
this is my second littermaid and i love it as well as my cat sparkle . it keeps the litter clean for her which keeps her healthy .
the dogs love them , we have purchased them before because the dogs are always chewing on them ! the blue one is especially good because it bounces .
does the job it's suppose to . i would recommend for extra support as i use it on my fluval heater . my piranhas kept running into it .
leaky nipple , and doesn't fit well with at least 2 types of cages ( of course both kinds that we have ) .
our rot has been taking these capsule for a very long time after he had hip surgery they seem to help him .
these pads are just perfect . no mess when you use these pads . i would buy them again and again . good fair price .
it was bulky and our dog absolutely hated it . we're going to try another halter . do not recommend at all .
this was not enough for my maltese as it is 1/2 teaspoon and for molly i needed 3/4 teaspoon thank gosh it was cheap
it's sort of like vitamins . there's no empirical evidence that the stuff works and my cats still pee all over the place ...
max , love them . after his dinner he sits and looks at me and tells me he is ready for his treat . everynight
i purchased these for each of my two kitties water dish . easy to clean and holds enough for a day . needs to be refreshed daily anyway .
i have a half german shepherd half long haired siberian husky this works without ripping his hair . he loves it , hes never sat so still ! !
we are currently two months into the treatment and are seeing improvement . i will update when i have more information to offer .
keeps the poop off of my hands and in the bag . works with my bag carrier and are not deodorized . nuff said .
sturdy , absorb excellent and very thrifty price for the product . i use these with my yorkies and they work out very well . they are worth the money
these are great puppy training treats . easy to hold many at once . puppy wants them , and no upset stomach .
i use this to store my ferrets paper pellet litter , it works great and the wheels make it easy to move around .
my lab cant destroy thishe loves itit isnt a ball that rolls under the couch ! i love that.good for training or free play.safe indestructible toy
my dog loves these treats , we give him one a day and his breath is fresher and his teeth are very clean .
these are some high quality filter media bags . they are bit bigger than i expected so i really can fit more carbon in them than i had .
this leash feels very durable and we have had great performance with it thus far . the color is great and it is the perfect size .
my cat liked it at first but has since lost interest in it . it allows you to stuff catnip into it .
feels sturdy when using on loose clamps and love that it is able to pick up the mess without wasting cat litter .
my cats absolutely love these treats . turkey is my female cats favorite and it's hard to find , so i'm glad i was able to find it here !
my bird sleeps here ... obviously more comfortable than his other perches on his feet . glad i got this for my kahuna boy . :)
it fits the system which is working beautifully in the training of our new puppyl . washes easily in the shower .
bought this for my cats love it and it works great does everything it promises to do easy clean up to
the dogs love it and it really seems to help their teeth - it's the only treat that lasts more than few seconds once they start gnawing on it
my bunny loves this hay . i used to buy kaytee timothy hay but oxbow blows them out of the water ! ! !
my cat adores fussie cat - i tried tiki cat just to mix things up and that was a mistake - he prefers this brand by far .
these are great training pads and the price is unbeatable . it is nice to find something that works well and doesn't cost a fortune .
i have been searching for a replacement bird treat since one of boo's favorites was discontinued . he consistently eats these cookies . they are a keeper for us .
husband uses the supplement due to the fact he is a diabetic . it has helped keep his blood sugar under control . great product .
great heater . it heats my 220 gallons saltwater tank and a 30 gallons sump tank with no problem . i would recommend to friends .
love this ball , very easy to clean and it is very durable . much better than using a tennis ball . great product
my 11 year old kelpie loves this and it is inexpensive and certainly keeps her dancing when i dish it up for her .
this is only litter that i use and is very economical with having to buy only one bag a month .
i guess it must be good . it's for my sisters cat but it's been around for a long time and they are still playing with it .
unsure if this product works . had to keep reapplying . cat continues to scratch same spot unless you continually reapply product . not a perminate solution .
this spray seems to work well , and helps with the odors , but it's a bit expensive for how much you get , in my opinion ...
love that you can use this with any harness so no need to have multiple harnesses ( i . e . car harness and walking harness ) .
so far , this bowl has done its job in temps as low as 15 f , which is about as cold as it will get around my place .
i was concerned about the materials used for this toy . i returned it and purchased something else for my dog .
this cover really does do what it describes ! my puppies settle right down in the crate when i put the flap down .
this product is constructed just fine . however our two bengals haven't touched this toy since we got it . word word
they were super hard and my cat would not eat them i had to return them :( very disappointed because my cat needs something for her coat .
just seems more like grass than hay ... i am used to kaytee timothy hay . they are now eating it so i guess it's ok .
still the greatest cat litter even if it is expensive . the litter clumps up well and odors are kept to a minimum .
my 12 pound shih-tzu absolutely loves this little bed . it's soft and it's the perfect size for him . it is also easy to wash .
at the first scratching i applied this to my little westie . so far so good . sames to work on her as good as the big brand .
the cat loved the tunnel so much we got him a three way tunnel for the up stairs in our house .
my cat finds the squeaky noise appealing and likes the mouth feel of the toy . quite realistic looking and a good substitute for the real thing !
just did not hold up to my energetic kittens . for the money i would have liked it to last a little longer than 1 month .
i sent it back because it was too hard and smelled fake . i would recommend pee pads instead of this product .
my cat is an older mid length hair cat who sheds lots . this one is not her thing . i use an old pocket comb which works well .
this took over a week to receive so if you have an ill cat choose another source . this one is too slow .
works great , but it is a bit sensitive . need to remember that it is armed so you don't set it off .
this is great have been buying these for a while now and they save so much money and assembly is very easy always rinse before inserting into the filter
our pup is loving this in her crate ! i love that it is machine washable :-) now we just have to find a pet bed that is similar !
i sit right next to my catit litter box . i rarely smell anything unless ive neglected it for a while . cat loves the privacy .
bout two and they are great been a year and they are still kicking and i sometimes have them under water from over filling
this toothbrush works very well on my 8mo old kitten . it is too bad tho , that they're so expensive , and you can't find these locally anymore .
my childrens two betta fish seem to love this stuff as they eat it very quickly , it hasn't clouded my water and my fish look great .
the pup loves this toy - he carries it around everywhere and sleeps with it sometimes ! however the squeaker only lasted about 10 minutes
there isn't too much that one can say about a cat litter box , except that it is exactly what i expected . good quality and not flimsy .
great seal , great price fits the big acana cat food bags perfectly.keeps food fresh what more is there to say .
buy limited ingredient dog food and now limited ingredient treats . she loves them and has fewer stomach issues . would buy them again .
for being such a small flashlight , it does give out a bright light . it works well if the room is really dark .
worked well on my dog that has coarse thick fur . good quality product . would buy again .
this is a very durable item . my dog loves it and is still playing with it a month later . a +
the pellets are too big for babies . they love the meal worms however . wouldn't have bought if i knew how big the pellets were .
i used this to travel to my puppy girl . and she look like happy . very spacious and it is a lot of ventilation
my cats tend to be interested in something new for about 5 minutes . this is exactly what happened with this toy .
i use this product often on my own cats as a general stress reducer and i recommend my clients use it on their cats .
my cats just love these little nips . i give them 3 at a time ( it's expensive ) every other day or so :]
i bought it to try and keep my cat from licking the fur off his back legs and belly . it just made him lick worse .
retractable bristles making getting old hair out easier . worth the extra money . good for bichon frise dogs and other breeds with wavy / curly hair .
great filters for my cats drink well fountain . each one will last about one month . it does a good job of filtering the water for my cats .
the bags are wonderful ! they keep your hand dry and you have a nice barrier against yucky pool feeling . i just bought more !
these chews seem more like treats . they are very soft and smell great . my old boy of 13 loves them .
very happy with this mat . it's super easy to clean and it stays in place even with my cats scampering out of the litter box .
i needed just a little more length to reach all three of my tanks , this fit the bill without spending more to buy a whole new kit .
good airflow , but the unit is loud . not as whisper quite as they proclaim . i have had quieter air pumps than this one .
took several rinses to get all the dust out , and even so you'll have some murk for a bit . plants are doing great in it though .
my papillon's coat has never looked better . their shampoo is good , too , but the fur butter is something i won't do without .
can't beat the price of buying these in bulk ! the quality is excellent ! won't ever buy at a pet store again !
my cat likes to play with this toy . she will carry it from room to room.the catnip attracts her to the toy
wow . this ball didn't last 5 minutes . but it was a glorious 5 minutes ! i guess my dog is a more aggressive chewer than i thought .
this air pump works very well . i use it to run two sponge filters and an airstone in a 3 gallon .
my dogs love these . i buy red barn products all the time . great product and the dogs really like them .
i had to return this . this size was wrong and it was too difficult to get over my bijon's head . disappointed .
no problem getting the dog to take his vits . they also are scored for various dog weights over 20 lbs .
the shipping weight and the weight of the box don't match . one says 14 pounds and the other is 42 pounds.something is wrong with this picture .
we have bought numerous bags of these . it was recommended by our vet . we like them and our dog loves them .
exactly as described . this pack is sold at a fraction of the cost in stores . fits my filter just as i expected .
i ordered this feeder for my two cockatiels . has worked very well for them and has kept a lot of mess off of the floor .
they are lights - they do what they need to do.not too much heat , but cheaper than the local petstore .
did not work and blew the frist time i tried to charge it ... not buy if you live outside the us as this will blow up
this is my dogs favorite toy and this was the best price i have been able to find for it .
we've had it for quite some time now , and it really holds up . i love the leather , it softens up but is nice and strong .
my puppy loves this item ! that's all the review i need to write ! i am a very happy customer . tada !
this is a constant staple in my dog treat cupboard . these are great.read my previous reviews on this product :-)
they are great for training . my dogs love them , they are healthy , and they are easy to chop up for training sessions .
i like the product because i do not have to empty heavy litter pan . not enough bags for the price .
this stuff works great for cat pee and odors as long as they are not set in too deep in the furniture .
my cat is strange and he is constantly chewing on things so i got him these treats and he just ignores them .
our pitty love brain stimulation toys but this one he just wanted to chew up ! it does not offer enough brain work for him .
cats always eagerly eatfood always smells freshhaten having to add words so i can use the submit button
this toy is even too small for a parakeet ! ! i sent it back and got a refund ! don't waste money and time on this one !
not how it used to be . the quality is so low now . never again marine-land is terrible . do not buy .
my little stinker , maddex , loves his kong wubba mouse . he's even started bringing it to bed and sleeping with it !
my dog didn't like the taste of it . i'd probably try and find a pill instead of a powder . just okay .
love these , they saved my sanity . no more worries about the dogs peeing when i'm not around . and they are not so confining for them
my two cats are finicky and this is the only brand of wet food they will eat . since my cats are family , they get what they want !
this has helped working with our older dog who weighs about 100 pounds . this has been a back saver for sure !
lo probe en mi mascota y aunque le queda aun grande , se ve un producto bien hecho y terminado . est bien la compra .
litter box always stays fresh and odor free . highly recommended . i switched to it becausemy previous brand was too dusty and affected both of my cats health
the ingredients on these treats list both . google the above and aspca and read all about it . your vet will tell you too.shame on mother hubbard .
save your money . dog hated it and i dont thin it really worked .
this smells nice , washes out easily and doesn't make my dog itch . it also doesn't seem to burn his eyes .
my kitten played with this toy the day i got it for about 10 minutes and that was it . she's not interested in it anymore . very disappointing .
our dog chewed the tail off within minutes and then discarded forever . wouldn't purchase this item for my dog again
my dogs don't seem to like it very much . i think maybe because of the fish in it . i will donate it to a local shelter .
our family members are birds ! this is a great food to keep them healthy . they love it . it's great to add to their daily diet !
my dogs just didn't care for this one very much so it will last for ever bigger toys are a better hit probably because my dogs are med to large
my dog absolutely loved these treats . he'd come running when he heard me shake the bag and he would wait patiently for me to give him one .
great for a chinchilla if you're looking for a chew toy . the lava lasts a long time so he's still working on it a month later .
our white 75 lb pitbull looks friendly and approachable in this smart looking red jacket ... does a lot for improving his image while in public .
i had been looking for these as these are the only tiny tennis balls my one dog likes ... bonus is they also squeak .
strong harness . looks great and reflective material works well . we get lots of compliments at the park . i bought another one for a friends pup .
having to trim hair around her paws a lot and hair between her pads . these are sharp cutting with round tip for safety and work really well .
i feed this to my piranhas and they seem to like it , they have nice color and size bag does last a while .
i love these containers and the color of the lids is so beautiful . i like having the combo pack so that the smaller container for travel .
the tag is beautiful and secure on a padded collar . the directions are simple . i don't know how some people got it wrong . quick delivery .
seems like a quality product , although my dog does not love them . she will eat them but always seems disappointed .
bought this for my green cheeked conure , he always like a variety of different food . it shipped fast and was packaged good .
good quality sweatshirt for dogs . i ended up buying a half dozen of these after my first purchase . highly recommend .
my little dog will chew on them most of them time but they are not favorites . she does a good job chewing them however ..
works ... i have a small dog who has " accidents " once in awhile on a hall entry rug ... cleans and refreshes .
i still think this is the best dog toy ever . two years in with a 65 lbs boxer who chews and tugs it without any damage .
healthy treat for our dogs , perfect for our large cocker spaniel mix but a little too large for our toy poodle .
these toys were much smaller than i anticipated . only appropriate for the smallest of dogs . its ok for my shihtzu
just okay , not really substancial enough to stay flat in a crate . okay for use on a hardwood floor . i'm looking for another one .
those things have not done a bit of good , 1 week and even more fleas ! you would think they would work after 7 days at least
great buy definitely worth the money spent . it dries the animals in my grooming shop almost completely with one wipe
my dog carries this around the house chewing and squeaking ... good toy , sqeaker lasts a long time and a great value
strong bags , relatively easy to open . maybe a bit smaller than some others , but fine for my retriever . good price .
great collar . excellent quality . after receiving the first collar i bought two more . can't go wrong with this product !
i gave this toy to my kitten and he sniffed it walked around , and did not touch it . my kitten will play with anything but not this
i will only buy human grade pet foods sourced and produced in the united states . this is produced in thailand .
my guide dog puppy loves this giant ball and the rope adds interactive play . we don't let him have it unsupervised but it has lasted well in play .
it truly works to make my dogs mouth fresh and clean . they also love them which is another big plus .
makes a quick difference in coat , digestive system and more . great for your dog . if you love your pet youwant to take care of them .
high-quality treats easily break into small pieces for training . dogs love the flavor and it is easy on sensitive tummies .
my dog and i both love the crunchiness of " taste of the wild " . we have tried 3 different flavors and were happy with all . very flavorful
one of our dog's favorite treats . she loves all of the buddy biscuit flavors ! ! we have them on auto-delivery ! ! :-)
i got this for my dachshund puppy and it couldn't be a better fit and look better . will be ordering more colors for her soon .
this is a great toy for the heavy chewer . this is one of the few toys holding up to my dogs chewing plus he loves it
nice box and looks cool ! plenty big enough for fat ass cats like mine ! worth the dough . buy it dude .
the dogs loved them , i'll certainly order these again . they're wholesome and not made in china which is very important
pretty good quality . no problems so far . only complaint is bottom tray slides out too easily , have to secure it to the crate itself
one of the only toys we have that has held up for years with no holes . a + toy .
our doge doesn't like it . what more can i say but this stupid box requires more words than i have
the dog really loved these bones and it seemed to freshen her breath . it was a good treat for a dog with tummy troubles .
fresh n clean baby powder pet cologne , i love this product . it makes my pet smell so much better in between baths . the fragrance is awesome !
this clumps amazingly well around cat urine  before the cat pee would spread everywhere , now it's so easy to remove !
great both my great dane and american bulldog go crazy for these . they make the room smell like vanilla too
my animals have been recently diagnosed with being dehydrated . this watering hole is perfect to grab their attention and makes them want to drink more water .
i have been using this brand for a while . i'm glad that i found it since i can't afford the pricier brands .
cats remain calm in weather where they have to stay in the house by smelling the pheromones in the feliway . works well with many cats in the home .
i'm not sure if i would buy this again , and i'm not sure if it clears the water and more then just being patient and waiting .
my cats come running over before it has even dried . they love this and it livens up toys they have started to ignore .
gentle on little kitten skin but keeps her fur well kempt . the handle is comfortable to hold . does the job and does it well .
my dog destroyed it quickly so i probably won ; purchase another one.after he got everything undone he no longer seemed interested inplaying with it .
she loves this toy and plays with it daily . it is for sure one of my best buys she adores it
doggies loved them so much ! newmans own always comes through in food quality even for your pet ! i will be buying again for sure !
my dog loves to eat this . the rubber brush works great when my dog does not open her mouth easily .
i like the color and the collar , it looks great on my small dog and isn't anything overwhelming or too bland and dull .
my dog loves this toy so much he will skip meals in favor of eating them from this wobbler . i am very happy with it .
cats love it which is all that matters . so glad i got it for them.will order it for them again .
this was a great buy for the money and i am a great fan of those tough kong toys for the gang !
my cat loves these little flakes , i mix this in with his food to spice things up . love an all natural cat treat .
within 24 hours of placing this into a 55 gallon heavily stocked cichlid tank , the water was crystal clear and remains that way .
only toy that continually keeps my dog interested in working for treats . other working toys have become chew toys for her .
i used to have an older cat who couldn't eat dry food any more ... no teeth anymore . i got these for and she loved them .
my dog just was interested in the filling for he first day and won't even touch the bone anymore . not a great bone for every dog .
good toy for a dog who likes to run , shake , and bat at balls . hours of fun and easy to clean , just toss in washer .
perfect for our german shepherd puppy's crate - he hasn't chewed it up like he did the previous one ( from a different manufacturer )
best scoop ever ! i've had cats my whole life and this scoop makes doing a hated job go so much faster and easier .
this is great for your pet . if your pet is smart enough it will take it out of its package .
great price and filter as described . i don't know what else i could tell you . buy them now . you won't regret it .
i've several tanks and large cichlids to feed . these large sizes are economical to use and ship very well . like the savings
my little cats love the way these bounce around so they can pounce on them - and each other . good product .
this comb is an inexpensive tool that is necessary for dog grooming . no need to spend more money , this one does the job !
my cats love these ! good for training and behavior reward . nutritious and delicious , you can feel good about giving these .
i have 5 large active dogs that love this dog food . dog are healthy and active . i would recommend this pro plan shredded dog food .
have been using this toothpaste on my dogs for years , with no problems and they appear to love the taste . would recommend .
my kitty loves these treats . they are like kitty crack . also the container makes a nice sound when shaken which my kitty has learned to come to .
this scratching post is definitely a bit pricey , but it does the job well and looks less tacky than those covered with carpet !
this scooper is way too small to use . the stainless steel idea is a very good one but we are talking kitty litter scooper not a soup stirrer ...
much better than thin lined bags . these are easy to use and thicker . may cost more but worth it especially if you have a larger dog ! !
not a good item for a puppy . my puppy chewed this item to bits and pieces in no time . only the little bell remained .
as long as it is a soft food my cat will eat it , she doesn't seem picky about soft foods .
these soft treats are great for training ! they are small and readily chewable . my welsh terrier is nuts about them .
this is an excellent quality and mix of dried fuits and nuts that the guinea pigs really enjoy . smells good too !
my 55 gallon fish tank is cystral clear and i use this about one time a month and no problems .
this stuff is super absorbent with both the odor and urine . it's a little costly but worth it . :) it's the only thing that works for my rabbit
the filet mignon of doggy treats . healthy , wholesome , usa made . my dogs go nutso for them !
it works very well and would suggest it to anyone who is in need of deworming their animals . it works fast
works okay , not as well as 10 blade item , good for young dog with little coat . packed well , arrived promptly .
the first toy to bite the dust out of a box of 8 toys that i ordered . it didn't last an hour .
thought was bigger but it looks like a 20 gallon size . works great for my breeding . recommend this product =p
all my rottweiler puppies love the complexity of this toy and it lasts a good amount of time considering the size of their teeth .
very pretty . beautiful color . washable . nice on a bed for a pet .. they love them . matched room decor . keeps pet off bedspreads .
our cat loves the big chunky nuggets and now that she has no teeth ( i guess it didn't work out that well ) she still loves the taste
we bought this because we have 4 dogs ... it works wonders , the water stays cleaner , and it holds so much ! ! must have
very , very handy to have with a pioneer pet fountain . it's easy to use and easy to keep clean and is a clever design , too .
these keep my dog entertained for hours & hours . i have a 65 pound pit bull & these last about 2-3 weeks . worth every penny .
my buns really love these treats , much better for their diet . i would recommend this for your buns or guinea pigs treats .
it does what it is supposed to . picks up dog poop like no other pooper scooper i have ever used .
my ammonia levels were out of whack . this brought them down , and they have stayed down over the past 48 hours .
we've owned several wheels and this one by far is the loudest . it's so distracting that we had to move zoe out of the tv room .
good product . seems to help my dog feel a bit more secure which is very important to me . thank you for this product .
my puppy is willing to work for these treats . they're a great size for training . she wasn't crazy about the peanut butter flavor but she likes these .
long , rubber , squeaky toy . good for a larger dog to carry and play with . too large for small size dogs .
what can i say coco the quaker is finicky but likes this for stress release.as a punching bag or a crunchy .
our hamsters love these strawberry drops ... we're using them to help train our little critters to come to our hands when placed in the cage .
my cats just don't like this stuff . they stick their noses up at it and walk away.oh well not going to buy again .
quality tennis balls that last with dogs ! works with chuck-it or just for throwing around . endurable . no problems at all .
my dogs love it and hide it from each other , fun to watch . since it was a christmas toy it's always good to see presents well received .
love it . real ' ll ygreat comstruction . nice handle not hurting hand when dog tugs hard . really nice hardware and strdy material
does not work at all you could use a broken heating pad and get better heat than this thing no heat at all
it's nice to get the variety to see what kitty likes the most also ! will be a repeat customer ! thanks .
this is a very good aquarium air pump . i use it for two 10 - gallon tanks and it provides plenty of bubbles for them .
i'm not sure what it is but my kittens can play with this for hours . they absolutely love it . the handle is strong and it moves fluidly .
pretty much a turkey baster ... it works great . i am happy with this purchase and use it often . also it is easy to clean !
fun little toy but didn't last long with a puppy going to town on it . for the price , i got what i paid for .
i couple a tablet with their frontline treatment . it works great ! they've had a relatively itch free summer so far ! highly recommend !
this product was small and hard to hold . i found it better just to use nail clippers to clip the pets nails .
used it on my new 10 wk . old puppy and he lapped it up , and wanted more - great value for the price .
this is a great product . it is a humane way to keep your fur babies out of trouble . i love it ! !
my pomeranian loves this food . it is small bite kibble which is very important to toy breeds . i like that it is made from healthy ingredients .
cause allergies and direah , they are easily contaminated if exposed for any length of time ! be kind to your pet and stay away ! !
i found these to be a choking hazard big time and think they should be avoided if you love your pet ! ! !
even my older small dogs with not so many teeth left were through these in less than 5 minutes . bummer .
this thermostat works well and i have been using it in my tank for over a year . there is no reason not to purchase .
my yorkie was very entertained by the crackle sound when he played with the ball . however , the plastic inside the ball was destroyed in a few days ..
my dog prefers petrodex peanut flavor ... but this smells way better for me ! sad to say i won't be using this again ..
this is great - especially for big dogs . if you have should issues or limited mobility , this will allow you to play with your furry friends .
when ever i have a health issue with my fish i use salt and things always seem to improve i ' ll always have some on hand .
doesn't work as well as i thought it would or my dogs are just to hyper :( . product arrived on time .
this works great to get rid of all kinds of bugs esp bed bugs . and its safe if you have pets in the house .
the most accurate and reliable heater there is.well made , easy to use and the temperature reads and stays constant .
i bought this for my maltese and on cold days , really helps keep her warm . she loves it . easy to put on and take off too .
stray didn't like it , mitt seems a little too hard to be comfortable . good thing his teeth didn't make it through . on ebay - used once
buy these and polyester quilt batting and your filter maintenance is practically free , plus you will filter out finer particles .
i'm very pleased with greenies dental chews because my dog loves them . i've tried several types of chews and these seem to do the best work .
this has become one of our dogs favorite toys . she likes to chew the circle part and put her paw on the handle .
i've been using this product since i stopped buying the expensive penguin rite-sizeb cartridge . it's easy to use & you can save a lot of money .
your cats will clean their plates minutes after you give them any flavor of halo foods ( without noticing the crushed pill =-)
most dog toothpaste is creamy , chicken-y flavor this is a clean gel and really gets the job done . even cleaned off some stains on my dog's canines .
i will never run out of this stuff ! i use it to replace a few tom filters for my aquarium .
does the job very well , and i had two of those for my 55g tanks . it's powerful enough that i will end it up using one only .
love the refill pack - handy since my cat goes through these toys - he loves them and the variety works to keep his interest
i loved it but my dog loved them even more . if he had to rate he would be giving it ten stars .
very chic pink . strong and smooth retraction . very happy with product . according to this review , i have to submit more words , so there .
marineland makes nothing but good quality stuff . that is for sure with these filter sleeves . i will order again for sure .
my little mix breed loves these treats and would keep its adopted sister away from them at any cost . be prepared for a happy dog .
i think aqueon led's are awesome , just wish i could find colormaxl bulbs in local pet stores .. thank goodness for amazon ! ! !
i wouldn't be without this extra reservoir . i have 3 indoor only cats but i still only have to refill their drinkwell every 3 to 4 days .
my dogs all fight over this bone so we had to get another one . it lasts and i love that they love it
my cat loves this thing ! it's a pretty basic toy but very sturdy and is holding up well . i definitely recommend .
these are great liver treats and the dogs love them . i buy them all the time and will continue to do so !
this is supposed to be a great product but the dog is still scratching fleas . i don't know if i would buy it again .
this is a great carrier for cats . i love being able to remove them quickly and easily through the top door .
love this bowl for my dog . it matches all my wood furnishings . so much better then those ugly plastic ones they sell at petsmart .
it is so nice to use a filter that really works . i was surprised how long the water stayed clear and clean .
these are healthy treats plus they will help my service dog when she gets older . seeing how she do's alot of work for me .
its a hit all the wayaround all 4 cats concure get more , get more , get more , get more ok
very durable and very affordable dog toy . my dog loves the texture and the feel of the plastic . highly recommend
my cats love the tuscany and primavera styles . they will gobble this right up - even my picky eaters love it .
you can get the same result by putting some pennies in a can . i returned it immediately . would not recommend .
i love these ! it kills the fleas within minutes . my pets take them without any problem . it really does work .
won't buy them again since they are not made in the us . china has no regulations on what goes into these dog chews . i'm done with dingos .
fish go nuts for this stuff . nuts.good for all types of fish and aquatic life . do not overfeed your animals .
my puppy loves her purple toy . she plays with it a lot . the fact is is springy makes it fun to play with her .
i use 3 of these in my little 5 gallon aquariums that are stocked with bettas . they work great ! i highly recommend !
great quality love the shirt . my dog looks so cute in this . it's really adorable . can't wait to order more ! ! !
our two vizslas say 8 paws up for this toy . pretty much indestructible in addition to being amusing to look at .
these have been around forever and they are still great . a basic in every cat house . it flicks and flies around and tires out the kitties !
c'mon ! everyone knows that da bird feather is every cats favorite toy , hands down ! i have to keep these in stock at all times : )
what can i say , the product works great for it's intended use . i like that i can zip strip it to the leash .
a present for three lively dogs of varying sizes . they all seem to enjoy playing with it and it is standing up to their rigorous play .
i give these to my dachshunds . they worry them until the bone is gone . don't give to much because it can cause loose stools .
it fits my dog well and isn't that hard to get off and on when you have a dog trying to bite everything you do to her .
cat loves it and spends most of his inside time on the tree . very easy to assemble . much cheaper than the ones at pet stores .
keep this in his room to keep busy , including the pickle pocket . hard to get food out half way closed .
awesome , it does the job , it does what we needed it to do . we do plan to buy it again .
this cleaner really neutralizes the odor , not just mask it . it is gentle on rugs and carpeting . have used many times with my puppy ! ! !
our puppy loves this this toy so much . this is the perfect size for him and the extra squeakers too .
my seeds grew well after a few days . unfortunately my cats have not shown it any attention . but it does what it says it does rather well .
the product arrived as expected but the yellow / tan fleece side seems to come out easily and eventually i expect it to wear out much faster than anticipated .
i use these to line the litter and food ares of my ferrets cage , they are great washable and pretty absorbent .
cats love it but keep it away when not in use because they chew the string in half . and eat the feathers .
iwas told a belt version of this was not availablee in this size by someone checking mfrs web site - glad i found this - much better price too
great pet mat ! i like that it is bigger than most pet bowl mats . good for pets that like to spill their food and water !
not as study as an old on i bought on ebay , but has held up , not rusted , and does it's job .
fair price but found the product cheaper at the grocery store and walmart . cats like this food and will get again .
not sure what else to say , these work just fine and i have 4 cats ! they seem sturdy , though the cats hate getting their claws trimmed !
good stuff from what i hear its the best you can buy just dont use to much or to little
my guinea pigs love this food . it is a little pricey compared to some other brands . but it is a much better food .
take them to the shelter i volunteer at . the kittens and some of the older cats love them . they knock them all over the room .
i need the greenies pill pockets to give these to my dogs but once they are in the pill pocket i'm good to go .
perfect stand with no complains . however aquarium will be slightly tilted when you place it underneath . i still recommend it .
this is a very simple toy but my two cats love it . i would give it 5 stars but it can get tangled on your cat and scare them
brush is ok for regular brushing , but not good if cat has matted hair . i have long-haired cats and it just did not due the job .
my rabbits love these woven grass mats . they love to dig and chew them apart , then eat . fun to watch them .
great for large dogs who eat fast ! and it's easy to clean and doesn't tip , even when my gsd pup tries her hardest .
so pretty , so soft and so well made . our puppy was styling for the short time it fit . measure your dog's neck and don't guess .
it is destructible , as my dog has destroyed it . it squeaks pretty loudly for a little ball . but it was cool while it lasted !
my dogs find these treats delicious and they are always fresh in a vacuum sealed bag . they have glucosamine in them so they help with joint health .
my dog will not eat these treats but he will eat three dog bakery roll-over rewards cheese dog treats .
our 2 cats love their condo . they play on it , sleep on it and use it as a perch to look out the door .
excellent sticker brush for cats has a button that when you press it pushes the hair away from the needles . feels great also .
a bit thiner wall then im usta but good look i bet it gets rock hard over time but hard to say now
this foam really traps debris great ! ! ! you can use it in any filter you will just have to cut to fit
pretty decent and great value . just not too loud if you are working outside . good if your dog scares easily from loud sounds i guess .
chosen because to be honest the cats won't eat any other brand . happy cats and clean plates every time . you don't always get that with other makes .
this product helps our dog stay much calmer . we use it in conjunction with the dap comfort zone and would highly recommend them both .
my dogs like this flavor the most . they go crazy for it . it does not smell as bad as the chicken flavor .
best carbon for fish tank , last for months and months , keeping tank spotless , a little expensive , but it is well worth it . highly recommended
they fit the dish perfectly and kept the water clean for a couple of days . but pump burned up , so long term use was not possible .
my cats use this tunnel every day . i keep it in the middle of the living room . they love it !
these work just as good as the freshstep crystals for me in my scoopfree litter boxes and are a lot cheaper !
cat eats this everytime a piece is fed.great for improving your bonds to your cat.five stars since it works great as a snack .
my picky eater has to snack on at least one beggin ' a day ( usually more ) . just wish they'd put more flavors on subscribe and save .
these are healthy treats which is what i was looking for especially for my older dogs . they are at good price for the amount provided .
i never knew that my dog would love to chase things like a cat does . charlie can't get enough of this toy !
the edging sucks , a dog can chew thru the edging and pull out the stuffing , not as tough as they say they are !
the squeakers all but one , gave out really quick on this one . but my pup still likes to play with it
my 8 month old lab chewed this into pieces with in days . it was a lot of money for a few days of play .
i have 3 cats it would seem at least one would like this but none of them did sorry to say
small bag - 24 ounce better than the 48 ounce . 48 ounce has a lot of yellow ones which guinea pig will not eat
my cats enjoy this toy very much . to me it reminds me of the movements a fly or a bug would make .
my dogs love it and they are of various sizes . they are a bit to expensive so i am waiting on a sale . great product though !
very well made , easy to get the bags out of the holder , and the clip for the leash is perfect . i love it .
dog loves these on her busy buddy dog toy ( which is the best toy ever ... well , so far in our life )
i really like this collar . i love the paw prints and the beach theme . it looks so cute on our golden colored dog . thank you !
my arthritic dog loves this bed . i have 10 dogs and he has claimed this bed as his own . no one is allowed on his bed !
i purchased this for the sikeston area humane society . hopefully this is sturdy and they can put it to good use .
fits perfectly in crate and actually makes it look more like furniture . plus the puppy loves it , nice and thick.haven ' t washed it yet .
love it ! my birds love to take a bath in this its very very nice looking and nice for them !
it's taken my cat nearly two years to finish this bag . obviously that means it didn't taste very good to him .
boy are these stinky , as with any salmon product that is fresh , but the stinkyer , the better for the dogs taste . she loves these .
tore apart in seconds but it was a good challenge . my jack russell is a ferocious toy destroyer , these last longer than most
this is a great dog shampoo . use it on the long hair german shepherd dogs and the shi tzu mix . dogs smell clean and coats shine .
my cat doesn't love lot of her toys , but this is one she actually likes . that's good enough for me !
my cat loves this cat charmer . it s also nice to play with being very light weight.it s also very colorful .
just as described . my outdoor cat loves it . easy to put together . heated pad doesn't get too hot . sturdy and attractive .
my dog tore this open in abotu 2 days . its a shame because he really liked it so it would have been nice if it lasted longer .
i love these toys . they have rope and a squeaker throughout the bird . i have bought them before and my dogs just loves them .
doesn't do anything for me , but my cat loves it . you have to take my word for it because she cant type .
i have had cats for 30 years . this is the best cat box ever . it is very wide and good quality
this is one of the top dog food you can purchase . and this site had the best price . shipped direct to my home . will purchase monthly .
have used this for years and it works great as long as you use it often . my dog likes the chicken flavor though not the vanilla mint .
don't buy this item . it creates a loud sound which scared my shih tzu . i can't even get her close ' coz she runs away from this .
piper loves to play with this toy . she pulls out the squirrels and runs around squeeking it . it provides many hours of play for my dog .
i opened the bag and wished i could have had some ! ! ! the puppers really liked them too , which is a bonus :)
this is a simple collar that looks nice and holds up well for my 60lb dog . i would buy it again though 1 size smaller
easy to install but i've had them dead out of the package or die soon after or not much charge in them , making the collar barely work .
my sisters cat loves these things . i've bought more expensive treats but these are the ones she always comes running for .
we have moved out of this stage but the dogs really ate this up . i liked that it was good quality ingredient .
it's a nice big rug that catches a lot of litter and is easy to roll up and take outside to dump . very happy with it
i really liked this hoodie , although it didn't fit . i gave it to my grandpuppy . the quality was good though .
i have used this product on my dogs for several years now . they like the taste which makes brushing their teeth daily a snap .
buckaroo & sushi love it when alternated with other flavors & textures . sushi eats one can per day & buckaroo usually eats 2 .
great service , great product . keeps my male kitty mellow and hitting the litter box instead of the rest of the house .
very durable , good quality cat litter scooper . this is the best one i've bought so far . i can count on this working for many years .
i love how these are made of whole natural ingredients ! ! ! we use them as ferret treats . our oldest male stitch loves them ! ! !
small , very small . i bought it for a small poodle and it was even too tiny for her to play with . :(
amazon header says this food may be good for dogs sensitive to chicken , so now we look at ingredients that include chicken fat ... disgusting
i haven't used it on the dog because it's greasy but i've used it on my feet and it's very good
i use these to put in the back west of the car , on doc beds , for puppies , or anything . great blanket and nice size .
came just as shown in the picture . my puppies love it ! very helpful for their teething times and i am thankful !
i got this for my shih tzus and they absolutely love it ! they really enjoy playing with it ! it's a lot of fun for them .
our goldendoodle puppy loves his cot . it took a bit to get him used to the fabric and feeling of it but after that he loved it .
this item is nicely designed and works as it is supposed to . i am pleased i bought it and psycho is too .
been using this to introduct two cats to each other . put it in each carrier . i can't see much difference . wouldn't buy again .
my cat loves playing with this toy . it is perfect for cats because it entertains them and keeps them happy !
the dogs take it easy and my dogs gums are always nice and pink and i follow the directions for the best work
they are so hard to find ! so stock up ! my dogs , ages 5 months to 14 years all love them !
this product does what it says and breaks down solid waste and makes your filters last much longer.it doesnt take much either , good product .
the dog love ` s this brush when i bath them and controls the itching skin with the of hartz oatmeal bath shampoo
looks the same but does not perform the same as when i buy it from the vet
my maine coons love playing with this toy ! ! they either play with it on their own or i tease them with it , which they especially like !
i'm old fashioned and so are my pet birds . we still prefer the good old wooden swing and at a bargain price .
best toy ever ! squeek squeek squeek ! the kitties feel it is highly important to have one hanging from a door at all times !
i didn't think any product like this would actually work , but it truly does what it claims . my three dogs look a mess without it .
got this for the cats , but they didnt seem all that taken with it , although i however liked it was very soft lol .
my cat loves these chews . she's very finicky about what she swallows , but these were her best . she just jumped right to them .
fits every time and i love the brand . the little " timing " strips help keep me on track with my changes .
it's pink , cuts well , and small . it is as described and i would definitely buy this again , as well as recommend .
i like this for the litter box . however i buy this from target . i is much cheaper , and i use a lot .
not real heavy gauge metal but not to flimsy either . folds down and opens up easily
great training treats as the dogs love them ! the smell is not that pleasant for humans , but then again , we are not eating them .
with 8 rescue dogs we are always looking for a good product that is reasonably priced . this fit the job and works great !
they're probably good , certainly healthy but our kitty goes crazy for the little chicken greenie treats and they are cheaper .
my dog absolutely loves these - will eat as many as i give her , and she is pretty picky when it comes to treats .
this training lead has worked out great , used it again last night in obedience class . good quality , color , length , etc .
c3 is a pretty good filter , good price . seems to get dirty quickly , probably means that they are working good .
i got this for my old pug as it heats from within without using electricity . all the dogs try to get in it but it's for my lingping .
my cats seem to like them fine but they don't hold together very well . i am constantly vacuuming pieces up that have broken off .
needed it . it worked . it's hard to find the plain advantage and that's all i needed . it was a great price .
our dog loves to drink out of this . she gets so excited and soon needs a drink when we take her out .
bought this and i must say i wouldn't use it , but my darling cat loves it :-) he thinks it's a treat ...
can't speak about the taste personally , just know that this is one of my dogs favorite treats . they come running .
this odor neutralant works well for my kitchen odors and any doggie odors that occur . i like it and will reorder when needed .
the girls enjoy these as a nice little snack and they are also a bit healthy for them to boot .
we purchased this for our large breed dog because he loves to hunt squirrels and chipmunks in the summer and he loves it
i got this product for our 2 golden retrievers to help with the walk per instructions from our dog behavioralist . it works great and does the job .
my dog loves this stuff . probably too much since he wants to eat " right now " at meal times . no issues with our westie .
cats like this food and get it every morning for breakfast . nice to be able to have it delivered for the same price as the supermarket .
great little item nice and handy and compact . highly recommend to anyone that may need to use them to groom . great for putting bows in dogs hair .
this is a very durable bone . i would recommend this product for aggressive chewers . my dogs love them . great price
i used the brush on my golden retriever and it worked very well and would recommend the brush for any breed of dog or cat
freshens breath and seems to reduce plaque when used as a supplement with dental treats and chews .. i keep it in the refrigerator .
dog continues to do his business in places i have spent hours saturating with nm . i've worked hours on spots , dog still goes .
worked well for the dogs teeth but they did not like the peppermint . flavor ... may be too strong for their senior taste buds .
not enough wetness as you move your way down the container - had to add liquid to use last of pads
i purchased the duck recipe for my cats and decided to give the salmon flavor a try . needless to say , the cats loved it
the boys just love their dog treat . and , it seems to last a lot longer . i will purchase again . highly recommend
gave it to my friend for her dog . she travels a lot and takes her dog with her . it works well .
a very good variety of toys , not just a bunch of balls , or multiples of the same toy . my cats enjoyed them ! :)
did not catch the litter very well and was hard to keep clean , but it is better than nothing at the cat box
excellent for getting rid of ' cat colds ' ! ! have seven cats that all recover quickly when treated with this supplement
anyone using the fluval external canister has to use these pads ! i rinse them and usually get about 3 uses out of them
as with all yeowww products , our cats loved it . they especially love the catnip scented box that it comes in lol .
not as good as i had hoped i t is not good at getting tangles out i hurt & frustrated my dog . she hated it .
my boxer puppy has very poor appetite . i mix this with merrick big protein dry chicken food and my puppy loves it .
i have a calico who seems to have dry stools and it has truly helped her . i give her one a day .
stands up great to his little shark teeth and bounces really high , this is the best toy ever , in his opinion
this broom works great inside and out . it is easy to clean . it picks up dirt that normal broom leaves .
used this for my dog love the smell and help with the skin to heal the hot spots .. thank you
half the price the vet charges for the same product . keeps dogs skin healthy so it doesn't dry out in this winter weather
please mom buy it again its taste so good better than my treats ... lol . she likes only two flavors and they are poultry and mint .
the dogs love them and they are not full of unnecessary fillers and additives . nice to know you're feeding yourdog something that is good for them .
for your dog . worked really well . she actually enjoyed her bath . she walks to the shower door now and waits
quality product , like the mini-size for rewards . plan to buy more for a pooch that behaves well with these little healthy treats .
this is awesome for my puppy , it totally keeps her busy and chewing on acceptable things that are not my furniture .
the dogs like it but we have found others that they are more smitten with , thus we base it on how well they consume it .
very good quality food . having a cat with a sensitive stomach , this is one of the few foods she was able to digest .
great product , packaging good , delivrery on time . works the way it should . i have 6 of this brand running in my tanks .
my miniature schnauzer isn't a huge fan of the taste . he tries to put up with it , but it's obvious that he doesn't like it .
this is a great gentle shampoo . my dog has sensitive skin , and this is the perfect stuff for her . leaves her smelling great as well !
my two dogs are on daily medication and this product makes it so much easier to get the pills into them . thank you for this great idea .
works well and keeps their food up high enough to keep my rabbits from digging in their food . easy to set up on a wire cage .
have been buying these for years but the last two shipments have been very absorbent ! not sure what they have done different but love them
made it with no issues from ny to la , kitty was safe , secure and happy in her carrier ! highly recommend !
my girls love these for their after dinner treats . i like that they are not made in china and made right in the usa .
this product is dangerous to your pet's liver.contains tylosin.if you care about your pet stop giving this stuff.if you don't just keep harming .
charli really eats this product . it is one of her big favorites . i buy it all the time for her .
yes it works very good and helps slow down a lot the evaporation . you won't be disappointed . easy to clean
just used this for my bichons and it worked fabulous ! no cuts and it went thru their hair smoothly . made my job much easier !
the toy is very sturdy but unfortunately my dog always rips out the stuffing for the chipmunks . he still plays with the un-stuffed chipmunks and the log .
hol-ee roller - too large for my 10 pound dog ; order two - kept one and returned the other . not one of her favorite toys .
my yorkie has used this a few times . very absorbant , and no leaking through . perfect size for a small dog .
it is sturdy ( minor a small piece which has broken off the plastic pull handle on the big crossbars ) , otherwise no issues at all
this is one of our cats ' favorites . they enjoy the variety and have never turned away from the lamb formula .
chicken soup dry food for cats is a high quality tasty food for my cats . they all enjoy it very much and i recommend it .
easy to use and assemble alone . very useful as i work in rescue and transport dogs frequently . highly recommend .
received on time and is just what was advertised ... its actually bigger than i expected which is great ... love it .. great to do business with
my scotties are prone to ear mites . i use this once a month to keep their ears clean . it is a good and safe product .
i purchased these before and was very happy , but the pack i received this time was very dry and brittle .
absolutely love these , the dogs think they are super delicious and they only have a few ingredients so they are approved on both ends :)
don't buy brush . this is the only thing my dog will let me use . i guess dogs like fingers in their mouths . who knows .
these are great treats for picky cats like mine . but stay under a bag every three days or your cat will get fat .
i bought this because of the price and would have given it 5 stars but have found product cheaper in local store .
purchased these for 2 guinea pigs and they love them . it also helps to give them the vit . c that they need to stay healthly .
my toy poodle had the center flattened in a day , and it will not come out of the squished state . the is garbage .
it's incredible how this toy is amazing for my cat . she demands to play with it and collect them like a treasury . best toy .
this tool is really nice . i think my kitten thinks he's getting a massage each time i use it and it really picks up the fur .
my pit bull , cider , destroyed it within minutes . come on kong ... come up with a squeeze ball that is more durable ! ! !
we have two 12lb and 13lb dogs . they love these . we buy the teenie size to get more for our money so the box lasts longer .
this works on our pets well . sometimes it doesn't seem to show the evidence right away , but essentially a good product .
easy to use . any treats fit in side . my dogs find it fun . its not one that my big dog can cheat and bite it open .
effective i love this so much very easy to use thank you very much . my dogs love it very much
i have recently started taking my puppy to personal training sessions . the instructor suggested i get this and i love it .
need a large quantity so i don't have to go to the pet store so much . surprise , found them on amazon . great .
people really remember this one forever ! ! yeah so great if you have a dog that loves attention this is it ! !
this is a great product but my cat doesn't seem that interested in it . we're going to try different spots to hang it .
very nice pet beds for the price . easy to toss in the washer and very durable . fits perfectly in the metal crates .
make sure you use it correctally ! ! charging the clicker is the most important ! whistles ok but i haven't used it yet
this is airtight and works greatnice size and fits more than 10 pounds of small dog kibblereally like this and will order another soon
i purchased these for my orange eye blue tiger shrimps , no problem with it so far and my shrimps love it .
have a tempemental wheaten rescue dog with some gi challenges . so far he is gobbling it up and no " poo-poo " problems !
i used to use foil if there were a little left in the can , now i use these and it's great .
my dogs like all of the merrick brand foods , but this one is their favorite . i will be ordering more soon .
pretty much cant go wrong with any of dabird toys . my cat goes crazy over all of them . seriously , every one .
this kong toy held up a little better than the frog . he is handless and missing his top feathers still hanging in there .
small daisy shaped cookie-type treat . they fit in fritz's dog puzzle compartments and he gobbles them down eagerly . the small size helps limit over feeding .
i bought this for my cat but he was not too interested . my dogs absolutely love it though !
this product stands up to it's claims . it does work . you do have to exercise gentleness while using as it can scratch the skin of your pet .
these bowls aren't going to tip easily . rambunctious 75 pound boxer hasn't made a mess and able to eat easily out of these bowls .
this was inexpensive and all of my cats love it . they will even try to play with it together which normally they will not do .
very useful and handy . small table vice opening - cannot use on thick table . otherwise , quite nice . used on my 2 tall dogs well .
polyps and mushrooms have responded very well with great growth . convenient and easy to use product . must be refrigerated after opening .
we have elder dogs with potty issues . this stuf works to clean out the accidental stains . it was recommended to us and works .
as described . high quality , easy to adjust , better than expected . helps control the dog on the walk ; great training tool
tetra reptoguard 3 - block water conditioner makes the job easier to maintain mytwo turtles tank ! conditioning important for them ! 3 - block card makes this easy !
my bun figured out every level within minutes . i think level 1 was the hardest since it was harder for him to move the disc around .
very fast shipping . best price out there . for me the bags last about 4 months for 1 dog . they have never ripped on me !
this is holding up very well for my 9 week old puppy . he is rough on toys but this seems to be made very well .
i have two different litter that my three cats like , seems to be about equal they are my family , i do keep them happy .
5 days after i introduced this box to my budgies , first egg was laid . high quality plastic . easy to take a part for cleaning . recommended .
there isn't a moments hesitation when i put this food down . the love to eat it and it's good for them . it lasts awhile too .
puppy is having fun playing with this . the treat inside keeps him busy long enough to give me a rest !
not too big and not too small . fits fine in two different bag holders . i like how easily the bags tear off the roll . recommended .
my puppy and small dog love these treats and i have purchased several times for them . i have them on subscribe and save .
i wish i had read that these are made in china before i bought them . they are going in the trash - lesson learned .
a good variety pack and the cats love it that way . nice price with the variety pack and it stores well .
their extreamly healthy my service dog has lost a lot of weight on them and best of all she keeps eating them
by using these prefilters on our hang on filters , we reduce the amount of solids getting into the filter . they are easy to clean and install .
my doxies are vicious chewers , they can tear anything up in minutes . this lasted quite a while considering the punishment they were put through .
helped to retrain a four year old neutered male who had begun to spray everywhere . use with any unscented litter .
kind of pricey for 6 tiny sticks . my small had it gone in a few minutes . she did like them though .
helps to give older and younger cats alike a little more lubrication for their joints and free movement without pain or as much stiffness .
this is a nice strong sturdy litter scoop-the best i have ever had.it is a very good quality and a very nice shade of blue .
this is so cute and love the pink color . much easier to wash and keep clean than the beds with stuffing .
my dog loves the taste , using it in between brushing . really trying to keep his teeth healthy . very happy with the rinse .
these were recommended by my vet and the dogs have clean teeth while thinking they are getting a treat . and they are at a good price .
it held up better than any other . in fact we still have it and the dogs take it to bed with them every night .
my dog loves these treats .. really small and great for the purpose of training . will buy again for sure . :)
our puppy likes these - but they only last for a day or so before he completely rips them apart ..
is a little bigger than some of the smaller ones and fits my long 22lb mutt perfectly . very nice looking . easy to install .
very good for older cats with sore joints . seems to work very well . since chopper has been on this he is far more active .
love to get these on sale ! they help keep the water so clear , especially following a water change . will buy again .
my hermit crabs love this more than anything i have ever tried and its great for them . also , my sons catfish enjoys it .
will order again if the price remains the same or lower . i have 2 cats and the refill last for 3 months . cant complain
is on my parrots play stand . seems to be made of safe materials . colorful and great for chewing . also can function as a swing .
i like it because it helps my dog with energy and electrolyte balance . he works hard and this seems to revitalize him .
i only buy human grade pet foods sourced and produced in the united states . this is a product of thailand .
works ok for minor itching , but definitely not a cure . i tried it on dogs and cats and it seemed to help a little .
got this as a new toy for new kitten , , but eneded up with older cat and kitten plying with it together .
came perfect , earlier than expected which was great . long expiration date which is always a concern when i order something perishable .
my cat loves this food . i feel it is healthier . my cat likes to have crunchy food as well as wet food .
great chews for dogs with a huge head and a tremendous chew ability . it lasts a long time , it's the only bone that lasts so long . :)
this product help but it does not get rid of all fleas . still better then nothing .
my own veterinarian recommends these for senior dogs . my dogs like them , and the price is right . i recommend them .
you dog will love this and you will have fun playing with them . it is long and squiggly and you will like it
not an even distribution of air bubbles . stopped working after 2 weeks ( due to algae , but regardless it was weak . )
these do work well to contain the smell of the litter box , but they are not a perfect fit like the ones that came with the litter box .
our mega chewer loves this dino chew toy . the head and feet are smoothed out , but the rest is still in tact .
my dog liked these a lot , the only bad thing was they are pig ear strips not actual whole pig ears .
he pee this hoddie , the quality is perfect but ... is has this problem . he is a golden retriever and it fits ok on him .
i put each at different spots on the floor . she has fun chewing on them as she finds it.no issues .
my dog didn't like these , they were very stinky and they were very messy . not something i would purchase again .
adorable and almost indestructible . the body is still intact but the stuffing from the head was removed the first day we had it .
georgie's upset cause now he ( a blue & gold macaw ) can't dump his water dish anymore but i love it cause i don't have to keep mopping !
seems to be more than enough air for my 29 gallon tank . hooked up to a 4 gang pennplax valve . can run about 3-5 accessories .
i like the ease of the filter changing process and my dogs love the fresh water they get , easy , peasy .
our dog loves these . we play hide and seek with them , so he loves the bone and loves the game of finding them.dog gives this 6 paws .
well my little dog loves them . but the older dog not so much but she is very picky . she don't like much of anything ...
our dog really loves plato treats . the duck and salmon are favorites . even better pricing when ordered on ' subscribe and save ' .
especially good if you have a white dog but removes tear stains from any dog's face . kind of expensive but lasts a long time
i love it but my puppy not so much - it is very nice and well made . looks very cute in her room
my bunny loves this ! he destroys it quickly , but since he is spoiled , it makes for a darn good treat !
nice litter pan , however for my situation is was too large ! that is why i gave it five stars , because it is well made .
my two cats sill only eat these treats . they were getting pretty pricy at the supermarket so i began purchasing them here and its always on time .
my gcc does not use this item much . also , it does not specify if the bell is zinc and nickel free .
these are for the toy to attach to , doesn't keep my dogs busy very long . they can chew these off in a matter of minutes .
doesnt fit tight ; way too hard to put together . water " flows " but not a fountain . very average . would not buy it again .
we have gone through two of the med . red ones and now on this . i put treats in it and my puppy loves it . worth the money
i have been using these for about two weeks and they seem to work well . i would recommend it for the price .
my pom loves these biscuits and it takes her awhile to eat them , which is great .
it works great but my rottie couldn't fit thru it . pls mk a bigger one.jd
my dog really loves the stella and chewy's freeze dried dog food . the lamb patties are a little harder to break apart than the other flavors .
i am using this alongside prime and stability . since my parameters are stable , i am sure this helped me established a better environment for my fishes .
very pretty on my little 7 pound pomeranian . she definitely looks like a princess in purple and she knows it
this is a nice heater for a smaller aquarium . hav ehad zero issues with it and it has been running now for about 6 months
my dogs cannot get enough of these treats . and i know they're healthy for my dog since they're nathans product !
my pug only gets honest kitchen treats . she loves then and i feel good about giving them to her because i know the ingredients are healthy and great .
this is their favorite of the mornings variety from fancy feast . i can't say enough about their products-my cats love em .
convenient and i really like the little . holder / container as it is small and easy for travel . i recommend for any one with a dog .
it is constantly around 28/29 degrees celcius in my terrarium . my zoomed thermometer always shows 30 - 31 degrees celcius
it doesn't work as well as the brand name one . personally , i think it is diluted or something . the dogs still scratch a lot .
what can you say about a litter scoop ? works fine , cleans easily . a great litter scoop for the low price .
haven't got the dog to go into it yet but it looks nice . the cats love going inside and curling up and sleeping .
i use clumping litter only ; this steel scoop easily goes the caked clumps with little additional force . no worries over whether it'll break because it won't !
looks great with the sassy puppy paws harness not too long . bruiser the social little pug look very sharp in his coordinated wear .
this is a great toy that lasts and lasts for our maltese . this is the second one we have purchased over the years.it is a fun toy .
this worked great on my table legs and chair legs . pup doesn't chew them ! he hates the smell . good product .
i have nothing bad to say about this item . it does it's job and is great . it makes my tank look great .
does well reeling in my 22 beagle / corgi . lasts me over a year . wish the cord was made of a more resilient fiber though .
this toy has held up great to my two dogs , who tend to beat up on toys . they love it .
five stars for being big enough to pick up large breed dog poop and having handles that i can use to tie and carry .
what can i say other than it works just as i expected it would . i do like that it doesn't drip when not in use .
again the turtles love it ... they think the tank stays nice and clean and they like how it smells better
got thi s to help clean his ears and he whined and scratched his ears til they bleed . it didnt work .
it looks nice in the picture and the person to when i received it i love my dog likes it and i would order from this company again
these work well in the pump system . they are very easy to clean and maintain . i would highly recommend it ! ! !
a little bigger than i thought but the heater works well . will have to wait and see if it lasts as long as my last heater .
i don't want to ding the product's effectiveness , but i can't get past the horrible smell ! i was literally gagging after taking a whiff !
not to heavy , stopped my dog from chewing his leash immediatly , good length , it forces him to walk right with me , comfy handle
the colors are very pretty at night . the dog did to retrieving it and after awhile he refused . i believe it was to hard .
good price and limited ingredient treat . dogs seem to really enjoy these cookies . with subscribe and save cheaper than local stores .
they are growing at a good rate and looking very healthy . i recommend this product.it ' s a good price too .
my senior cat loves these , but too soon to tell if they are helping to keep teeth clean , or i would have given 5 stars .
who knows if this stuff works . it's overpriced and we usually get these things when our pets are fading due to age and / or other health concerns .
great product for my cat for the price i purchased it at . i was surprised at how large of a quantity i received .
i was at first skeptical of this product , but it actually works well and really cut down on the tracking of litter on my hardwood floors .
cats love this food and is so nice to get it delivred - no more lugging from the grocery or pet food store .
our bunny really loves this bed however she also loves to pee and poop in it . i'd still recommend it but be prepared for the extras !
i think this is the best flea med around . never any problems using it and the price was a bargain . thanks for timely delivery too !
durascoop cat litter scoop is a nice heavy weight and screens litter well , is good size and easy to use handle
a fun toy , but my golden still prefers the tennis ball . she loves to carry this home herself . i recommend it .
my two cats love this toy . the feathers didn't last long , but they still carry around the fur part .
our doxie loves this bed . he sleeps in it every night . i have washed it regularly and it comes out fine .
always check amazon first when i need a supply of frontline for my 2 dogs . usually they have the best price .
dogs passed annual dental checkup without tartar , for first time . had been using it daily for a full year .
very quiet , i can't hear a thing while it is running . not much more to say , it does what it should .
mine kind of makes a little noise but nothing i can't deal with . i do wish my shrimp would stop getting sucked up in it
i ordered two of these for my 30 gallon fish tank , they're very nice airstones !
my chocolate lab loved these . they did not seem to help his breath but he did love eating them and wanted more
my little yorkie loves the chicken treats , and they don't upset her sensitive stomach like some of the other treats we've tried .
they cover the opened cans of dog food . they are colorful . gee , , , what else can one say about a colorful can cover .
i like this product for my baby chihuahua . it's good for in between baths . the wipes are big , and not to wet !
i have been buying these treats for years . the cat scoffs them up and i am pleased they are free range chicken flavor .
the cats are in love with this scratcher ! the double wide is like ones new home . he hangs out on it all day . last longer too !
i use them to train my dog and put them in his treat ball.he loves them and i feel that they are good for his puppy health .
this is a gentle wipe that keeps my cats eye area clean . i would definitely recommend it for any pet owner .
these were really crumbly and were broken when arrived . also most importantly the cats didn't like them . wouldn't buy again .
i dont know if it did anything it said it would but i felt better knowing it was natural and healthy . my cat loved it .
great filter , the booda dome litter box is the best litterbox i have every owned . i use it in a small space like a closet .
they're his favorite treat , they're not too big , and they even smell good to us ( unlike some other treats ... ) . i definitely recommend them !
my dog had the squeaker broke in less than fifteen minutes . was disappointed in itemprice was goodwould not recommend this
my cats will eat it , but arent crazy for it either . the consistency is too mashed , but they eat it
i had one cat who was prone to tapeworm . these are the same the vet gives and it saves me a trip , work great
my puppy enjoys the chews , but they don't last as long as i'd hoped , especially since the packaging claims " longer lasting . "
i love advantage and have been using for years . it does wonders for my cat and stops itching which is due to fleas
i have purchased 5 of these and they just keep breaking off . does anyone know a better product to use ?
bought these to make my own squeaky toys for my pup . they were a little bigger than anticipated , but no biggie , they still work great !
the dog loves it and so do i nice thick leather nice handle and strong clasp very reliable and strong
no more choking.this is very well made and comfortable . my dog can almost sleep comfortably while wearing this.highly recommended .
these were gifts for kitties across the country and now they are fighting over who's is who's they love them so much . guess i have to buy more .
virbac is an excellent ear cleaner for cats and dogs . i have seen it for sale at vet offices , so i know it is dependable .
this is a good shape that my cat enjoys playing with most catnip toys are to big for her these are they only one she will play with
my dogs will enjoy the toy for christmas . a great plush toy to play catch with your . my dog's can play football .
had to remove the grips as they were slipping when i was using it . seems to work okay without them .
i don't know what i can write much about a dog's toothpaste , but my dogs love the taste so that's one less fight when it's teeth brushing time .
these are great for dogs . they don't have a bad smell and they last longer than other treats or raw hides .
better price than buying in store separately . my son's snake seems happy so good value and i didn't have to take him to the pet store .
i have 3 cats and this litter works . it covers the smell and they will share 2 litter boxes . no complaints .
my rabbits love it . no complaints . the rabbits eat this plus hay and some fresh vegetables and are completely healthy .
great treats . my dog can be kind of picky when it comes to treats but he loves them . break apart easily so they're great for training
not bad but the ferrets knock it around and make a mess with it unless you use some bread ties etc to hold it in place
usually love marineland product but pretty upset that some parts did not fit . i managed to make it work so performance is still pretty good .
very nice cage ! though our dog hates being put inside it , it's a quality product . :) would rec to a friend .
my dachshund had the feet off in less then 15 min . she also tore out the squeaker . not a good toy if your dog is a chewer .
nice toy , but my wheaten preferred other kygen toys . squeak stopped working on one bee after just a few weeks .
this is what i expected and is a much better price than the pet store . will be ordering again in the future
i bought this for my sons turtles and he loves it says that the turtles come up and check it out splashing around
i have three cats . this product is fabulous and works exactly as advertised . i highly recommend it and would not be without it
i bought this for my dog so that she would not scratch her ears so much and it works ! she even sleeps in it
my dogs have grain allergies so i have to feed grain free food . my dogs love this and the price is affordable . i highly recommend this food .
easy to maneuver and easy to clean . allows for attachment of multiple toys to make play area interesting . reasonable price .
this is great shampoo . it is very gentle and probably has better ingredients than my shampoo . it smells good too .
it seems to work well on my cat . much cheaper than my local pet stores . i'd would recommend this to anyone needing routine flea control .
its nice going out for a walk at night and having you and your aniboom being seen this works like a charm
i have a 1 year old puggle . he loves playing ball and this ball he can not figure out how to rip it apart .
i really love this collar . it looks so cute on my dog ! i'm very happy with my purchase ! thank you !
these bungees are wonderful . they are easy on the birds feet and you can stretch them in many different ways . i think they're great .
one of the cats ' favorite toys . gets the new cats out of their shell
i just got this for my 8 month doberman . he really likes it and it is holding up really well .
tastes great ! im sure the turtles think so at least . i always buy this brand and it seems fine . fish like it too
don't let size fool you these are puppy harnesses so the large fits my 24 lb cavalier spaniel perfect ! she used the medium up to about 18 lbs
i love my dog but he gets very excited when we head to the dog park . thid keeps him safe and my driving safe also
super easy to use and i just love the product soo much i love it very much thank you soo much
have an agressive yorkie and he had the biscuit removed in less than 10 minutes . states it doesn't tear , but it rips . wasted money .
my puppy just loves her new blankie . she arranges it until she's ready to lay down and then sleeps sound . she looks cozy and snuggled .
nice size and color and holds any type of poop bad ... but i like the bio bags the best .. great for leashes
this is one of the few treats that are soft and chewy that my picky dog loves . lasts a long time .
great item . i only need to fill it once a week and the dog has plenty of water at her disposal . never spills .
won't use anything else - my friends that use other products find ticks on their dogs all the time - not me !
... with 5 domestic and three feral cats to feed , we use a lot , and now we don't have to carry it home . worth it .
my dog will eat these only for treats . picky , picky picky ! so i say they are extra good ! and so does my dog !
my puppy chwed this up in less than 30 minutes . sharp pokey plastic was everywhere . this is a dangerous terrible thing to give a dog .
and they have found a new love . liver is so good for anyone , humans and animals . the kits thank you !
my dogs just love thesei will order again in the very near futurethey ship very fast . , i am very happy with this company
this is one of our dogs favorite toys it's a good size for a larger breed and very durable , you won't be disappointed !
i bought this for my princess and she loved it . we have no air conditioning and i was trying to keep it cool .
great cat tree ... takes about 30 minutes to put together ... so you need to be slightly handy ... but totally worth it and looks great !
remember to buy refills . worth every penny on my opinion . my cat has tons of fun . better then just pointing a laser .
the refill lasted a good amount of time . the litter locker has made my daughter's most hated chore so much easier .
love to peek the interest of all the rescue dogs that i have here , especially the shelties , aussies and collies
i drop one or two of these in my 55 gallon community tank and a number of my fish enjoy taking a few nibbles at it
my persian absolutely loves it when i whip this baby out . for something so simple and inexpensive , it's got to be a cat's dream toy .
had a family member and a vet recommend this for a sick pet and seems to help , as desired . will probably just keep on hand for future use
not only is the color choice adorable , but this harness is so comfy and amazing . i wouldn't use any other harness .
unless you closely monitor this toy , the squeeker will be dead inside of 1 minute even with average play . then the ripping starts ...
i have a pit bull and he chewed it in less than one hour and it was torn up in pieces.never again
please , read my review for kong squirrel catnip toy . we bought and tired it up together . me and my kitten love it ! thank you !
i love this product . it works well for my dogs . we give them after a bath and have no issues with fleas anymore .
firstly , my dog is 20 " at the chest but still , its too loose for him.secondly , it doesnt seem to work.thirdly , i'm disappointed .
my cats love this action cat toy . i've learned how to mount it in the pillow cushions of the sofa so they play with it while i'm gone .
now we can use the litter genie and not have to worry about smell and use these refills so cleaning the litter box is fast and easy
my dogs will do anything to earn one of these treats . nothing more to say but i have to keep typing to fulfill the minimum word requirement .
dog loves her snacks in it and food too ! she will play for a long time with it . great item !
my cat loves these , just watch for untangling after a few months , she tried to eat the string !
got a seven month old dachshund and he loves chewing on these . like the benfit that it's dental and better for his growing teeth .
this brand is a favorite with my cats - it's made in the usa and durable ( holds up to 3 cats ) . it's worth it !
you can do better . i have been doing the aquarium heater musical chairs for a few months here and this is no good .
i bought this for our cats for christmas . they smelled it and walked away . just not interested in it . kinda disappointed .
my dog loves this soft bone . she is a puppy and carries it all over the house with her . i am very happy with the toy !
i sometimes can't find one of my cats and he's sleeping there . i like the fact that they feel comfortable in there .
it's a circle of cardboard for cats , they scratch it and not my furniture , i'm a happy customer .
these pill pockets are great until your dog gets sick of them and refuses to eat them ; for the first 20-40 days they work great at 2x daily .
my cat and dogs love laying on this pet crate pad can be used different ways in houses crates on floor by its self good price fast ship
5 stars , what can i say the dogs like it . the kibbles are pretty big so best for bigger dogs .
brush works well even with short hair cat . the brush picks up a good amount of loose hair from each daily sitting .
it's a good blend but you still need to buy just carbon . i have 100 gallon tank that i mix some of this in with straight carbon .
my chug looks great in this sweater - quality made , i love how long it is and shaped perfectly he doesn't pee on it -
this is very small and is great for little dogs . i still does it sound after several months and even going through wash accidentally .
this is a very ingenious concept . i am not one hundred percent i am sold on it for $ 15 + . my dog hates it lol
they are not very big around and my little guys lose them in the yard when they are playing . little dogs would love these
i have several cats and this brush works well . it collects a lot of loose hair and is easy to clean .
just as expected . cheaper than in the store , and i don't have to drive . since i live very rural this is the greatest plus !
easy to move from place to place . i've washed it a couple of times and it comes out as fluffy as it went in .
this is healthy and a good price with a variety of choices to choose from . it's my cats favorite brand . will definitely buy again
i usually buy only kong products because of their reputation of being durable but my dog was able to shred the entire thing in 10 min
have held up well my dogs usually tear up toys daily this one has lasted over a week so far .
these cakes are better nutrition than just seed however , my keet likes me to somewhat crumble them for her.the service from this shop is great !
my pup loves greenies and he had noticeably fresher breath while the box lasted ! i will be buying these again .
easy to put on and she likes the attention.nicely made for the price.she ' s growing fast so a larger one is in her future very soon .
i love the product . it was delivered very fast and the directions are pretty clear . it's got a lot of space for a small dog as well .
puppy climbed right out of it .. absolutely useless ! its a shame because the plastic design is clean and good to look at but it's just poorly designed .
this is good when bathing your dog and washing him down . it feels good to them on there skin . may doggie loves .
got for the dogs . needed something for the doberman and the chihuahua . both dogs seem to like them very well
i really liked the harness , however , i could not fit it properly on the dog and so i returned it .
i have one dog that has terrible teeth issues , but with this dentastixs , he teeth look great after just a couple stixs . plus he loves them !
these little birds are wonderful cat toys . my cats bat them and carry them around , and love the chirping sound .
the hay was extremely dusty and had mostly small pieces . i wouldn't order again . the orchard hay they sell was much better .
i use this crate all the time for my 2 small dogs - there both about 10 lbs and fit perfect .
traps most of the litter that comes out of the litter box . have it for all 3 litter boxes . better than any other mat
good stuff , i believe it will work for some cats but not this one ! helps relieve stress but not marking territory ! !
received what i ordered and in perfect condition . tank looks great with it . everyone enjoys just watching the tank including my 2 kittens . thank you .
cosmic cat is my kitties ' favorite brand for catnip toys . we have quite a few styles . beasties love them . highly recommended .
this toy is indestructible ! it is perfect to stuff the ends with peanut butter or cheese . and my beagle loves it .
i love that i can give my dog healthy treats that he likes . i give these to my friends ' dogs too and everybody loves them .
perfect - we use this for a bird bath for our parrot . easy to attach to the cage and easy to remove bowl and place fresh water .
i bought this to double check my hydrofarm thermostats . this says the same temp they do , so i guess everything is good !
i change my kitty fountain filters weekly to protect my kitties from the awful things we humans put in our water
use clippers a lot this oil keeps the blades cool and lubed and isn't too strong though there is some odor .
lasted only two months then it broke ! very upset my last scooper lasted two years ! ! ! won't buy this brand ever again .
my little pug just loves these things . i will be buying more of them.they seemed to have everything dogs like .
these work great on my dogs large wet food cans and also can be used on standard sized cans .
we are using this on our border collie and our aussie shepherd . makes the stickers , foxtails and dirt just drop off of them .
i bought these from wal-mart and the catnip effect was gone within a couple days :/ my cat loves to play with them though .
... and uses it daily . the little stuffed toy that comes along with it gets pulled off quite easily . maybe i'll glue it on .
thi is a very nice crate which fits my maltese very well . she loves to go take naps in it and eats her dinner there undisturbed .
very easy to put together ... sturdy , perfect size , my two kitties love playing on it and just hanging out on it also . great value
this polka dot harness is very cute . great accessory to go with your pup on a nice walk . i had a lot of compliments .
they are great , but i'll be sending them to my daughter who has big dogs  they are way to big for a small dog . : ) )
appears my 65 pound lab has enjoyed these bones very much . doesn't take her very long to finish off one bone
but the price for just the scratch pad was perfect . he doesn't need the catnip either . happy cat as i put them all around the house .
pill pockets make it much easier to medicate your dog . they taste good and are a good way tomake sure your dog gets his needed medication .
good product , but our dogs prefer some of the other ones out there . recommended , but not as highly as other products
they are real good ones will order again omg bags and more will i use them all lol love them
gave it to one of my girls , who rolled over and kicked it---once . it now just sits on my bed . the other girl wasn't interested .
my boy just loves this along with the bigger large size one . lasts a lot longer than i thought it would .
my dog loves his new bed ... he is old and it is soft for his tired bones and a nice edge for his head ...
another toy my dog killed off in record time . as soon as the squeaker dies my dogs interest dies . why can't they make better squeakers ? ? ?
so quiet ! i wish i discovered this a year ago when i started my aquariums ! i need to get this in all of my tanks .
this scent made my dog happy and kept him smelling fresh all winter long .. i really like the ease of use and his coat retained moisture and fullness .
my dogs love them , but boy do they smell . i give them to enjoy outside . came very fast . will reorder
my german shepherd tore it apart in about a week but enjoyed it , the squeak on the head was hard to activate though
does what every else says it does . makes my bella smell so nice for a good few days . her hair is super soft and cleans well .
i recieved my auto shippment but i am not done with my 1st on i bought at pet co but love it
my mini austrailian shepard will not go near this thing . it's way larger than i had expected . would be more suitable for large dog .
great replacement filters for the drinkwell platinum fountain ! easy to use and the 3 pack is the best value for the money .
it takes away the bad breath and is easy to just put in their water . i wish it wasn't so expensive , though .
petsmart ran out due to a manufacturer issue . thankfully this vendor had stock . nice price , too . would purchase again for sure
this is a great deal for a good quality treat . i use them for training and my pup loves them !
this keeps him busy and happy ... he is a heavy chewer and this last for few weeks for him . i will recommend this and will buy again .
this is such an adorable little ram . my doggie fritz just loves to hear him . especially , at 6 a.m.in the morning .
my kitten loves to run after it and bring it back to me . yes , my kitten plays fetch . fun times
super fast delivery , and the best food for my cats . i recommend this food to anyone who wants a really healty kitty .
this item had mostly good reviews but did not work for me . it started and stopped constantly and didn't keep the water clear at all .
my dog loves these . keeps her busy and her teeth clean . strongly reccommend for agressive chewers and for good clean breath
you can spend a lot more but why this works perfectly comes with a nice case little hard open thosefishgeeks.com
this is a handy tool . it works well to grind down the nails on my dog . ~ too scary for the cats .
this is suppose to be small medium but it small going to have to reorder large for use on my medium dog arrgggg
for most dogs it would be fine my dog tore it to shreds tn less than 1 day he isa toy poodle and weighs less than 8 pounds .
our bull / mastiff loves this doggie toy ! kong toys are all very durable and long-lasting . the cheap imports are no comparison .
my poodle still tears a lot , but the tears are pretty clear most of the time and wash off easy
our dogs love fruitables ! they smell great and have such good nutritious ingredients . i have tried one myself , not quite as tasty to my tastebuds ... lol
these are very good balls to play fetch with . they are small and are easily to be handled by smaller dogs .
with the two big dogs who get along famously this is great because each can chew on an end and never fight . wonderful recommend
fake fur wrapped around a plastic ball with pebbles . i imagine the idea is to grow algae on the fibers , but that isn't moss , is it ?
the breeze litter box system is very low maintenance . pad holds an extreme amount of urine w / out leaving terrible smell when changed when full .
add to make a healthy well rounded diet , uses total of three varieties . no problem with their eating this brand
because the 22 yr.old cat loves it.he is much more satisfied w / the taste , amount for one serving w / great saucehe says .. lol .
my dogs love these and it keeps them busy for a while . it usually takes a few days to eat one side .
this furminator spray was a great idea but in practical application it simply did not work as advertised . not anything i would personally recommend .
this is great for training our dogs.our 2 dogs behave like perfect angels when we grab this ... there doesn't even need to be treats in it
not a lot to say about a spiral chrome spike , good so far . at least it has not rusted yet .
be careful . the hard plastic is strong but may cause your dog's gums to bleed all over the place . not good for white carpet .
this was a christmas present for my daughter's dog and the dog appeared to really love it . especially the squeakers
now that the genius who aced organic chemistry lab 1 and 2 figured out the proper mechanics of this dropper ! im very satisfied.overall 5/5 stars ! thanks commentor
unless your dog is a super-mini teacup dog , this will fit your small companion nicely . i have 7 - lbs maltese and this is perfect for him .
this is very cute but way too small even for a yorkie puppy . i don't suggest giving this to a teething puppy .
i bought this t short for my 6 month yorkshire terrier nica : ) fits well , very good quality and color.she feels very comfortable : )
great carbon , works perfectly for my reef tank and is cheaper than you will find in a store . will be buying again
i have small dogs so i cut these chicken breast fillets into smaller strips and my my dogs love them .
tender favorites are shredded texture and savory morsels are bite-sized . both with gravy . my cats liked both of these textures and the gravy .
really cute . well made . the screws are cheap screws though , get your own screws . i stripped the middle one putting it in the wall .
the edging is not tough enough , my dog chewed thru the edging , pulled out the stuffing . this chew toy would be good for cats !
this is yet another adorable , rather rugged , hoodie i've gotten for my little allergic kitty . he looks like he's ready to be a little army scout .
not the same quality as the actual brand . didn't work well on my larger filter . only hood for very small nano filters .
i use this every thursday in my 60 gal aquarium . it really helps keep my nitrates under control between water changes .
except for the expense , these things are wonderful . my three dobermans would five on them if they could . i will continue to buy these .
bought this for cats love it and it works great does everything it promises to do
best pee pee pads on the market . have been using them for over a year now . my whole family has switched to these pads .
my cats love this food . they gobble it up . it smells good and stays down for hours without any problems .
this has worked out well , the dog loves it , it squeaks loud , which she lves , has several squeakers and has lasted a long time .
my cats love this refill , i just wish it would last longer . it's a very good product for the price though .
the cats love all the yeowww products , they are colorful , cute and hold kitty's attention . trust me on this , i highly recommend .
product works great . lasts a long time as only a little is needed each time you change water . would recommend this product .
my puppy was having some tummy upsets . wellness products were recommended and my dog is healthy and happy . this is really a top quality product .
horray again for subscribe and save . my chubby dogs eat it and it's easier to keep their weight in a good range .
i really chose the tem for price , i really do not know it works or not , but it will helpfull the exact dosis to suministrate
after trying several different pads , i chose these and they are the best , very absorbent and good price if buy in quantify ,
my cats love playing with the toys , especially the fox tail . they are crazy about them and keep playing with them all the time .
the house is just as cute as it is in the picture ! my cat loves it :) ordered the large .
we have had this for a year or so and love it . it does hide smells and is a great deal for the solid quality
we try to only buy api as it is a great quality product , and you know it works well every time .
i switched my cats food to this and she didn't seem to mind it . great value for the amount of food you get .
for less than 10 dollars the cats have a great toy . they love to chase each other through it .
these work well with the 3 different brands of cat food i use . a little hard to put on , but very secure .
it is a good product at a good price , i will order again in the future , worked very well for me .
this product quiets and calms my dogs during thunderstorms , but it doesn't entirely block their anxiety . it is also difficult to get them to ingest the medicine .
my wired fox terrier enjoys me using it . didn't expect it to be so big though . useful for larger breeds .
product has proven to help with mrsa skin problems ( hair coat ) and brought our other dogs ( fur ) coat up to a sheen like mink .
the hydro bowl is perfect for the car and meets all of our needs , no more concerns about dehydration and overheating
been using the good kitty line including the infusers ... my once high strung kitty is calm as can be . love it !
we have tried several brands and the vet told us some just don't work . that's for sure . these do work .
my service dog's immune system is getting stronger and i see improvements in his skin and coat as well as his eyes . i like this product .
i've kept all of my labs on dasuquin for years . joint problems noticeably different from the time i first started administering .
i have a miniature dachshund and she loves them . they are well made ( a little stiff ) and tough enough to stand some chewing .
my dog loved these and they took her twice as long as the single bully sticks .
our very strong impulsive english setter puppy didn't respond to any other training method except this . our wrists and shoulders are grateful .
my dogs / puppies love them ! they last for a long time and keep them entertained - two qualities you need in a teething treat !
my dogs tore this up too quickly and i found the red stuff all over my house .. threw it away
my ferret absolutely loves these , the only thing i suggest is to cut the strips into 3 or 4 pieces so they are more size appropriate .
he loves his banana . i do need to keep ordering fresh one , though , so maybe next time i'll consider the 3 - pack !
great powerhead . no rattle , bounce or vibration . easy to mount and adjust . nice amount of flow . i use these for surface agitation .
they bounce great . the dogs love chewing on them . so far they've held up and we are talking about two pit bulls here ! !
my dogs love these and they last forever . i have two strong chewers and these last for months . chicken flavor is a plus , too .
this is great . my 9 week morkie took right to it with no problem . i am very happy with it
these are working perfectly for our young mini aussie , he learns so quickly anyway , but the treats make it a delight
i was having trouble getting some of my plants to grow more and with the addition of liquid fertilizer these tabs have helped them grow tremendously !
great dog treat and meds at the same time . good product . my dog looks forward to one of these after he has been a good dog .
dogs love them what can i say . i have a britney spaniel who loves them and a pound puppy who loves to hoard them .
i ordered this for my dog over a month ago , and surprisingly he hasn't torn it apart ! normally stuffed animals don't last more than a few hours .
awesome ! my aussie shepherd is picky about treats but she lived these and that is the whole point . smoky flavor pretty strong
this product is sturdy and way easy to put together . my senior dog climbs up it and into the car so easily now .
every time i set a can and turn it on , it sprays 1-2 times , and the cans are really small .
my dog eats this every morning for breakfast , and prefers it over similar kibble-type foods . it's a great way to start the day for your favorite friend .
nice size , nice workmanship and nice color . flexis are still the best retractable leash made . mine last about a year .
these tiny treats are great for my two small dogs . they love them and can't wait to have them ! i give them greenies and jumbones .
our dog has been doing good on this , he had yeast and allergies before we found it . we will introduce our puppy to it soon .
my miniature schnauzer liked these but she was not too impressed with them though . she definitely did not love them , but she did like them .
this is perfect for my dog crate . great size and durable . my dog doesn't chew on it or anything like that so it is holding up well .
she loves her new tent at least that is what we call it she is all curled up in as i am typing this
wonderful treats for dogs . they come in a couple sizes making it nice for smaller dogs . healthy ingredients and no corn fillers like most dog treats .
great product for the price ! works just as well as capstar ! i would recommend this product to family and friends
my dog loves her little piggie , and even though she shreds stuffed toys , she hasn't managed to destroy this one . impressed !
the flakes are large , there is a huge amount and i fill my smaller container weekly from this bucket . love it as much as my fish !
i gave it away to a neighbor ... his dog ate them ; based upon his pup , it would get 2.5 stars but not mine
this ball is the same quality as the $ 39 ball of the same material . this is a great herding toy .
big and crunchy ! just what the pups want ! this is a big box too , so it lasts a good while . can't beat that ! :)
these are the perfect size for training smaller dogs . but both my labrador and my mini dachshund love these treats .
thanks to all the amazon reviewers ! this worked like a charm for puppy's first nail trim . he fell asleep while i was trimming him .
good product at a fair price . may be too small for larger cats . mine is only 3 months old so it works for now .
not crazy about the cherry smell ... doesn't really clean the dog . ok for a quick wipe up in case of accident .
my boxer / pittie pup gets chilly and i needed something warm . this hoodie fit the bill and he looks adorable ! great purchase
using this product to assist in cycling a 46 gal hospital tank . don't know if it is working yet . time will tell .
this is the old standby and it is still the best . it works to relieve joint and arthritis pain in dogs .
does what it is supposed to do . fits nicely where we put it . all of squeakers worked and were ready to go .
these cut great ! love the rounded tip - i don't have to worry about poking my dog in the skin or in his eyes .
what can i say , dogs love greenies . they begg for them all the time . they always sit by the cupboard and ask for more .
bought two for my two golden retriever pups , they both love them , sometimes share other times fighting over them . great for their teeth and teething
nice mat for dogs . it is small but cushy and machine washable so there are no worries when it gets dirty .
have used these puppies in the past and they work great for newly separated puppies , this one was no different .
this material was softer than i thought it would be . i don't think it will last long but puppy likes it .
my dogs are so picky with toys . but they instantly ran with these and try to hide them . i guess that means they like them .
this is a great product . i've always used dog vitamins and think it improves the overall health of my pets .
i really like this litter . it traps in smells better and is much less dusty than our previous brand . i plan to reorder .
i just wish i would have bought a right hand left hand one . you know so you can turn it in one hand
the dinosaur shape provides some extra texture and angles for chewing but the nylabone material has been helping it last longer than i expected .
only problem is that it rolls under the sofa and tables . i have started leaving it in the kitchen and that works much better
never had issue with any kong products and kong stuffing bacon and cheese just another thing that i dog seems to love no issues
this product was good as a soft treat for senior cats , and i am sure it is also fine for their health .
my dogs love these if only they wouldn't hide them in the couch and the back yard . they last months
my dogs love these . i've had a hard time finding chews that they like . these knotted meat-filled bones are great .
bought these for a very high strung dog . don't think they did anything . no noticeable difference in the dog at all .
chewy and tiny for my 4 pound dogs . i swear they got us through pad training ! they're a great value also .
these are somewhat helpful but my coon cat - when anxious-sprays-and sometimes even with 3 in the house - it may help-and sometimes - not .
my dog loves this . however , i did have to wrap a hair tie around velcro end , which has worked well .
i tried this as the 1st food being all natural , for my new jack russell / yorkie puppy . he loved it . i'm on my 2nd bag !
macs & buddy fresh breath mini bones are the perfect size for my small shih tzu . they love them and the mini bones do freshen their breath .
durable and safe . my german shepherd puppy has shredded so many other toys but this one has lasted and she loves it !
the cats like it . they chew on it regularly . it isn't their favorite toy , but it is a keeper .
my dog would not keep these wraps on . he would rub until they were off each time we put one on him . also , they leaked
this might be ok for one bunny but it gets full after one day if there are more than one .
good cat food , they like it , not much else you can say , i think its worth the little extra you have to pay for .
while my cats does not like bonito flakes i can attest that she is a catnip junkie and loved this ! !
thermometer is exactly what i expected . sticks to the tank well and accurate . no issues with it . great buy for the price !
works well , arrived fast and my puppy feels very comfortable in it . i keep the door open and he goes in when he feels like it .
these are quality and economical for puppy . no leaking or odor . depending on the soiling , you can get more than one useage .
i have an 18.5 lb beagle who loves this bed . he can stretch out pretty far in here , its nice and coushiny too
this is the perfect carrier for a cat . it is very secure and easy to use . i recommend it to any cat owner .
pup loves this toy and so far hasn't destroyed it , loves that it squeaks and has a lot if fun with it .
the mouse was taken to better that the ball . i think they slide around on the hard floor better . she really hasn't taken to any round toys .
great side dish for dry food . i prefer the all chicken to avoid the turkey that my cat doesn't prefer .
my cat plays with his wheel when no one else is looking . i hear him playing with it at night . i'm happy i got it for him .
long lasting chew but doesn't keep my pups interest long . does not have any odor nor does it stain . would get again
excellent toy for my very busy husky mix ! i put cookies or kong spray in it and keeps her busy for quite some time !
my cat loves this and lays inside and plays inside . the inside he uses his claws on . really good product
works great for the 3 lb . yorkie . the other 2 go outside . she is too small to handle the steps . these are very reasonably priced .
my dogs love this toy . toy arrived in a timely manor - quick arrival . i recommend this toy if you have small dogs .
this harness is great , i use it everyday on my dog and you can't beat the price . this is the same quality as much higher priced harnesses .
gave up after year and a half approximately , worked fine till it lasted , better go with fluval next time
gives the cats some wiggle room around the litter storage container so they can enter the box . so far , so good .
great deal and great container for my cat food . very easy to put together too . just had to put the wheels on :-) - wendy
this divider is easy to set up and works great ! i use it in my betta tank . it seperates them with no problems .
4 cats all love play n with it on has gotten the ball out , havent found out who yet but iam sure we will
i use this tool on my two cats and it works just as well as the more expensive tools if not better . i would highly recommend it .
helps my dog with itching and scratching . smells great , leaving a shiny coat with less shedding and longer time in between baths .
good price , for tasty treats for the mutt . dog is happy , so owner is happy . we limit these to 1 per day usually .
yes i used frontline and it just wasn't working . got advantage and it is surely doing the trick . my cat is flealess :-)
the barrier works well enough , and looks as advertised . the bottom two hooks don't really stay put , but that hasn't presented too much of a problem .
i like the nylabone because it keeps the dog occupied and lasts . like the different flavors it comes in for variety for the dog .
athena , the guinea pig , got this as a christmas present . she's been dragging it all over her cage all morning and just munching away !
i tell everyone i know that has a genie to buy bulk from here ! it's the real genie fillers , you get 12 and the price is right !
our dogs love to squeak , they love this . nice size , no matter where they pick it up , it squeaks . durable too .
very helpful and efficient . helped discipline my dog . did what it said it would do . i will recommend this product to dog owners .
my dog really likes this it is her favorite toy when asked to get one she runs and gets her moose !
this product works as advertised it is both quiet and powerful . i love the fact that it works so well and comes in a compact package .
well super cheaper than in stores keeps fish alive and healthy ! great deal cant go wrong i definitely recommend this product
too bad my hamster is more of a digger rather than a cnewing adventurous hamster , but it's cute , and sturdy
these rings are hard plastic-like real baby toys and my puppy has no interest in this toy whatsoever . a waste of money .
these pads are a life saver . i have not had to buy more disposable pads . they wash up just like new . i would recommend these highly
bag too tiny for price but my birds love the food . may return later if i can find a better deal .
these are a handy treat that can be easily torn into smaller reward bits and are popular with all the dogs around here .
it was fun for a couple of days and the dogs loved it ... but not for heavy chewers ! my dogs chewed through the ball within a few days
inexpensive way of keeping the litter from going all over the house ! i have 2 of these ... and use both of them
great chewing toy . great quality and after 3 weeks of playing with it my dog didn't even scratch the rubber .
this is a cute little raincoat for keeping our puppy dry when she goes outside . it has a little strap to keep the coat in place .
i love the product , was everything i had asked for . arrived in the box brand new ! i would highly recommend
love this pet conditioner ... makes my puppy smell good , non static , smooth coat and it has eased the itching on his skin . very happy !
way too expensive realtive to greenies . it is hard to imagine how they can justify the high cost of minties .
my dog loved this dog food . unfortunately , i can't give it to her because she is a diabetic , and she is on a prescription diet .
this was the cutest harness ever ! ! ! fits perfect , easy on an off.and my little girl knows shes adorable when shes wearing it .
it's good but we had to modify the clamp to make it stay put but i'm happy with it ..
not only is this sweater too thin to keep my dog warm but the straps that wrap under her hind legs to keep the sweater on never stay on .
worked really well with my fluval 406 canister im thinking that they will greatly preserve the integrity of my canister filter media
easy to use and gives acurate readings . may require separate calibration fluid ( not included ) to tune readings initially or over time .
my dog really loves these little treats and this seems to be the best value for soft meaty ( non cookie ) treats i have found .
does keep them entertained for half an hour . sometimes they fight over it . then one walks away because they get tired of fighting .
has a fresh smell and is more than just pine shavings ... haven't noticed anymore dust than usual and vacuumes up easily .
... what it said it would do . after a week , there were definite signs of fleas - - and other little critters that dared enter my domain .
overall it is a nice toy and my cat seems to enjoy it . the only thing is that the eye lights don't always seem to work .
our 50 + lb pointer puppy is a big chewer , this has lasted a week so far and she has not gotten any chunks off it .
great first toy for new puppy - be sure to pick up after playing so puppy doesn't destroy - recommend - make great sound
this is super cute , but it is very thin , and my dogs do not like it . i imagine because it is too thin
sometimes it worked sometimes it didn't . my male cat just stared at it . i set it off more than the cats did .
rabbit love to play with it , so if he's happy my grand daughter is happy
if you want your aquarium looking it's best for your friends and family i highly recommend using one of these to polish your water to a crystal clear perfection .
these are ok . i dont think that they are fantastic ( could be a little wetter ) but they get the job done eventually
i use this to fetch my cats back and forth to the vets , it works and looks nice , plenty of room and just the right size
i love this food because it's good quality and made in the usa . this product is quite pricey and unfortunately i can't continue to afford it .
the are very healthy for her too this makes me nuts , so now i have to write a bunch of words to fill in the 20 required .
i love this cream for my mini poodles trouble spots . it doesn't bother or irritate him . ordered it several times . ginger
our tuffy chewer seems to like this toy and has yet to destroy it ! it's been one of our better purchases .
my vet prescribed these for my dogs and they love them . highly recommend them . you can purchase them for alot less on amazon than the vet .
didn't seem even close to what my dog looks like . not sure this is even close . don't see any of the characteristics in him .
this stuff works great and we will be buying more each month . it is the best on the market at the best price
nickie loves it and there is plenty of it . he waits for it every afternoon like a kid waiting for an ice cream .
they're a little strange compared to the drinkwell filters , but they seem to do the job i need them to do .
my golden retriever is a pretty strong chewer , and this item was gone in 30 minutes . didnt hold up for us .
this product in conjunction with the flourish , really great . plants that were not growing , just surviving are taking off with new growth .
not the favorite among my dogs--they would try for awhile , but it seemed like too much work for too little reward
my cat loves this toy ! after playing with her she searches the house for it . my cat has front claws and this hasn't snagged or ripped .
have always used pet tabs for all of our dogs - - and now giving these to our two rat terrier puppies ! fantastic supplement .
this salt has been great for culturing brine shrimpi was able to pour it into freshwater and make it saltwater and the water quality is very good with this stuff
my kitty loves this mat and lays on top of it for most of the day and night , if we leave it turned on .
it's a little big for what i wanted for my 20 lb shirainian but he can't gulp his food so it does work . just wish it were smaller .
my dog started scratching almost immediately--within 20 minutes . watch for erratic behavior . it definitely works to kill fleas very fast .
great height for my bunnies to hop in and out of , and high enough they have a hard time kicking out the litter inside .
the toy is adorable and my dog liked the crinkly stuff inside . she was able to rip it apart within an hour though .
i didn't read the inches on this toy when i bought it . it is a tiny little toy and the squeak doesn't last long .
i've had 4 animal carriers & found this to be the best made of them all so i went back & ordered a second one .
i have dogs that pull on leash . this helps them stay close and not pull . allows to walk more dogs .
my cats really enjoy this food , and it's great , because it natural and healthy for my pets .
i bought this based on a friend's recommendation . my cat loves it and it is durable . i just refill it with cat nip .
my dog loves this . he has a very sensitive stomach and digestive system . this food is the best tolerated by his system .
this was a perfect size for my weiner dog . the squeekers folded in on themselves in a few days to where they no longer squeek .
this has a much better scent than many cat litters . it helps with odors and my cats seem to like it , also .
only drawback is that the seams ( sewing ) comes apart long before the cats could wear out the very durable material .
i was very disappointed because within 1 day my cat spilled the water and cat food every where . i would not recomment to anyone
my picky dog really enjoys this food , and i mix it with her dry food so that she has some of both - wet & crunchy .
our 1 year old boxer loves this food ! she as very finicky before , but loves to eat now . she's a happy girl with her totw
i have had this pet bed for years and it is still their favorite . it washed up well and is still being used several years later .
there was nothing wrong with the fountain . i ran it for several days , but the animals - two cats and two dogs - just sniffed at it !
the vet highly recommended this for my mom's dog with kidney problems . it did help lucky live a better life and endure the kidney problems .
our dog is a small breed , so we cut these in half for a reward type treat . she lovers them
great treat for my dog . she really enjoys them . use them as a snack between meals . also helps to keep their teeth clean
my cats loves these treats : which is why buying 12 packs was not an issue . ( i have 3 cats ) . i received this promptly
what can i say ... he is an old cat and the cat will lick it with no problem , thank goodness , and it does work
my two large dogs love this nylabone , and even my little dogs try to drag it off , keeps everyone busy !
cute beaver again fill with nip cats love it no mess . my cats prefer the hedgehog beaver kinda flat but they still play with it .
i love lupine products in general . the sea turtle motif is just an added bonus for this turtle / tortoise loving household !
our puppy loves his little black kong for treats . we do cut these in half though so that it fits inside .
for the price , i guess this isn't a bad product . although it has trapped some fleas , it does not attract the fleas very well .
it's very easy to clean . stays in place . bowl size is just perfect ! i would highly recommend it ! buy it !
helps treat areas where she gets clipper burn or some other irritation that causes her to scratch . price is good . good stuff !
it does not create dustit is excellent with multiple fillsit does not smell bad over timemy cat loves it
our mini dachshund loves this toy . the toy itself has a pleasant scent to it and she'll play with it even when there's no food inside .
isn't big enough for my cat . my cat just jumps over it and the litter continues to spread . if it was bigger it would work fine .
i have 5 large dogs that love these treats . they always looking for them when they come in from the outside .
love this , i like how it's easy to store and take apart and put into my attack for a use at a later time . perfect .
my guinea pigs all love having these in their cages . all of them like to nap in their hammocks . i highly recommend them !
it appears to be working . the algae isn't as prolific and what does pop up i am able to get rid of easily ...
gave us results that were closer to my guess then others so perhaps i am jaded in this review . recommend as easy to use and get results .
i use this item all the time as i have 4 cats and in the winter i really need this to help eliminate odors .
although i used the product exactly as directed the results were very disappointing . i feel as if i wasted my money .
i love this scoop , the best i've ever used . saves on litter by scraping the bottom of the box clean.bought two . works well .
i got this for my english bulldog puppy and it definitely dries him better than regular towels . paw is a cute addition too .
i use this shampoo on my papillion . it cleans well and smells good . seems to be gentle on the skin . excellent product .
my dog loves these , he is now a tennis ball snob and will chase nothing else but these
it is the product that works but price is becoming a issue with it . will contiue to use till it out prices need
they take up little space and it's nice having them available . would like a better holder for them ( see my rating on the holder ) .
these work well for the wireless fence collar that i have . much more economical than the original ones which are ridiculously priced .
we haven't received these yet . i'm hoping my kitty finds them equally as great as the cloth soft small balls . we go through a lot of those
my puppy hated them so did i what a pain getting food in and out never seemed clean - threw them out
my picky eater just will not eat these . they are apparently not what my little dog likes for some reason .
not every dog will love this , but it's great for the very curious and active eater . so well made and great for a meal .
i bought this for my kitties and it did the job . there are no more fleas or flea dust . will continue to buy .
my kitties all love it and some are pretty discerning so i'd rank it high . it si sturdy and so far it is wearing well .
it is like two hammocks in one . my ferrets love crawling through the holes and settling in to sleep in the bottom .
we like these treats because they are healthy for our dog's teeth , but they don't last very long . i think they would be better for smaller dogs
worried because it works for some people and not others - - works for us ! ! ! yay ~ ~ ~ ! ! !
these are always a hit with my umbrella cockatoo ! ! you will need a hook to secure it tho , it only has a twine string loop ...
seems to dry my dogs skin . i use dermagic skin lotion post bathing to aleviate this . still searching for a shampoo that does not irritate his skin .
makes it safe for me and my dogs while driving.would like a few extra tie downs to have more area sucured.yes i do recommend this product
i really like this bowl a lot . it's great for travel , or just for keeping one in the car for water breaks . nice quality .
they freak over it , and it's an adorable turtle ! ! my cats really like it a lot . totally , fun three more words ...
highly recommended to be used together with brushing regime . it keeps the teeth free from tar tar . however brushing is still most effective among all the options .
i like this for use on my cats . however , it doesn t last 30 days and i find the need to re apply about every 3 weeks .
i used this in conjunction with the once a month flea caps . seems to work well . my dogs have very few flea issues this year .
i was not unhappy with the product that i was using . prime was cheaper and i use less . that makes me happy and the fish seem happy .
returned product but from what i've heard it does the job . was just too clunky for my tatse and a bit heavy
i wanted a little more of a healthier treat for my puppy . wasn't sure if she'd like them but boy does she !
this ball bounces when you throw it and the dog goes after it with a lot of zest . she seems to like playing this the most .
even with a cat sitter , i think the calming pheromones keep cats less stressed , given that they don't like a change in their routine .
its nice and long so you can really get your drip-dip or whatever its called the right way - the blue matched the back of my tank nicely
i use this in my cats litter pan and it seems to help rid the urine smell . i thought the price was fair for the quantity .
this bowl is easy to clean and refill . it hangs well on the two different crates that i use for our pets .
my dogs loved them and they are way cheaper than at the pet stores . they smelled fresh and came very quick
my cats love these beds . they are quite durable . i've put them in the washer and dryer several times and they're still intact and fluffy .
my cats love these . it's for their teeth , but hey , they don't know it . and the price was great for the 6 pk .
my cats love this tree . we have two of them for our five cats . it is well made and study . would buy one again
my pet can't get enough of this . i actually have to pull it away . must have a great taste ! breath does smell better .
this dog treat seems to be healthier than many others , and my dogs love them . i will be purchasing again .
this is the most ridiculous thing i have ever ordered , , , it ended up in the junk drawer , , stupid and ridiculous
once a month i worm all my dogs with this to keep all of them clear of the strongids . works great on my pups too .
these are sliced lamb lung just like the more popular brand . i do not see any real difference and my dogs love them just as much .
the rounded ones don't work that well at all - in fact didn't cut the hair . the thinners are the best product in the package .
i used this on all three of my cats and have not needed to retreat them . i will keep it on hand just in case it is needed .
likes this toy to lay around with and chew . has passed the first day test which is good at my house . good for cleaning those teeth !
this bag is great to hold treats during training sessions .. i use use the holder when my puppy goes to puppy pre school .
this comb is good for a tick coat like a long hair cat or dog - helps removes matts and keep coat looking good
this was given two paws up by our dog . the price couldn't be beat and loved the food . i would buy again
i tried alot of different finch foods in the past . i found this nyjer seed seems to be the perferred seed for finches . very happy with item .
didn't quite do the job - helped , but didn't eliminate ticks until i had the guest house professionally sprayed . i'm a little disappointed in this stuff .
this is our yorkie's favorite toy ! we love the fact that we can easily replace the squeaker after some rough play .
my vet suggested dasuquin after my puppy had leg surgery , not sure it has helped him and is pricey in the long run .
our dog is a strong bread and pulls . with this and her gentle lead makes everyone enjoy the walk or hike more .
this is a nice sturdy crate and plenty big for my 35lb dog.it folds flat ( easily ) for travel and is esy to reset-up
seem ok but prefer it with cloth leash than plastic and rubber .. it's a bit harder to slide up and down
great treat , give no problem to my puppy doberman's very sensitive stomach ! he loves to play throw and catch with it .
we have tried a lot of different brands but were not crazy about these as there were thinner than a lot of other brands
i ordered this thinking the money was going for an animal rescue site . turns out it wasn't , so i returned it . i don't have a cat
it keeps our miniature chihuahua in tight control or we can let him extend out without worrying of him being harmed or lost
the cats are enjoying their new toy , they love the furry effects of it and are throwing it all around .
i love that i got a great price for a 6 months supply . easy to use and it's nice to have the applicator for less mess .
our cats love these things . eventually the feathers do get pulled out but they stand up to abuse a lot longer than i would have expected .
both the red and the black versions have survived the predations of our 11 month old german shepherd.see my review for the kong dog toy xx-large , black .
a total winner ... a short legged dog like mine can make it up to the sofa , chest with dog bed , etc .
with the added benefit of a nice color , this is a perfect lead to use to tie out a dog that does not chew .
now this is easy to put on and sized accordingly ! it's very comfortable and easy to walk my dog . no pulling
our small dog will do almost anything to get one of these soft and chewy dog snacks . he absolutely loves them .
chewable and great source of vitamin c . a wee bit tangy but great and chewable too , really i am glad i found them
i have tried a lot of different cat scoops and i always seem to return to using this one . heavy duty and works well .
as far as kibble is concerned , this is one of the best as well as quite affordable . i do recommend .
my cats love friskies canned cat food ! please bring the old more affordable price back so i can continue feeding my cats what they really love !
i bought this for my 5lb boston terrier puppy . shockingly he pretty much destroyed it within a few days . so i bought a small non puppy version .
silent and my dog loves it but it is difficult to clean and i prefer stainless steel . would get again but prefer stainless steel .
liked the idea but it didn't really work very well . the cats kept pulling it out of the filter . messy
i use this as treats for the dogs and they love it . when i hit the can with the spoon they come running .
i was stocking up on these and figured i'd tag this along with another order . serves the purpose . exact same as sold in stores .
i use this to fix torn fins and minor scrapes on my fish rather than medicating . have not had any problems with it .
we have two large cats . wellness has been their saving grace . this is great cat food for those looking for quality food for their feline family members .
she loves these , and the rabbit and apple links . most of the zuke's products are turning into her new favorites !
doesn't seem to enjoy this yet ! ! ! as i brought five at one time and i currently have one somewhere hidden under something in my apartment .
my dogs love to get tangled in this , they pull and tug it . so clever !
it's perfect for us but we have an 8 pound puppy . not sure they would work on our last dog ( 90 lb . german shepherd ) .
we have a boxer that always has bad breath and whenever i put this in her water , it is a big improvement . will keep using !
i have a lot of cats and this toy is rarely played with . i think it would be better suited for puppies and small dogs .
finally found the size my jack russell can't destroy in 2 days , he can't leave it alone , not messy at . all
this was recommended by my dog trainer . i love the minty scent to it and it seems to be working well .
if my cats love it , i love it . i got the subscription so we'll be getting this delivered monthly . i highly recommend this .
it's a pretty simple product so there isn't a whole lot that can be said other than it wasn't difficult to remove the kinks in it .
all my cats like to be brushed with this slicker brush and i would recommend it to any cat and parent of a cat
i noticed very slight improvement in my dog's itching and his stools were slightly more firm - but not a big difference . frankly , i expected more
my 14 year old cat who loves boxes took to this immediately and sleeps in it hours a day , he also scratches in it regularly !
it is easy to wash and keeps my dog entertained . recommended to release stress in very active dogs and for training .
good bargin , appears to work just fine . appear to be good quality . i don't know if there is any difference from the premium filters .
having purchased this when we were dealing with a very sick cat i can assure you it kills the bad odors better then anything else i've tried
this is a wonderful food for your furbaby ! ! ! check out : [ ... ] to see what you're giving your babies to eat !
it works well on my shihtzu-maltese .. i can comb through with wire side , then finish with the bristles . easy to use .
my little morkie loves these meat rolls and the price here on amazon is the best hands down as an add on item .
i never realized how much the clear air line tubing stuck out in my tanks until i replaced it with this black tubing
love it , trying to keepthe weight down on an older cat is diffacult , this makes it easyer they eat it and seem to enjoy the taste .
my cats love these , but they can be " addictive " ! i try to limit them as much as possible . cheaper then walmart !
i have purchased many crates over the years and this is by far the best quality for the pricewould not hesitate to purchase another
my dog does chew on it sometimes , but it's so hard that it doesn't squeak even if you jump on it .
our cats just love it . thank you very much have a nice dayhave a happy and safe memorial day
i don't know why but my new kitty would have nothing to do with these . i gave them to a friend and her cats did like them .
my hyper terrier loves these treats ... we dream that it will make him mellow ... fat chance ... but a girl can dream can't she ?
again all similar pumps were twice the price so i am glad sunsun is out there makeing companies more competative , amem !
it did not suit my cats . i believe it was because they were on the large size . i gave it away .
my dog figured this out instantly . lift a lid , walk around . waste of money . buy your dog some suckers . they'll last longer .
i use this pump on my 400 gallon fish tank i have three of them they work well they go down 42 inches i love
dog loves taste , but works better in old bones than a kong dispenser , was packaged well , would buy again , trying other flavors
my cats love this ... but then again they would love anything tied to a stick that they can try to catch !
for the price this leash is excellent . it's a good length , light and strong . the width makes it easy to handle .
unfortunately , my little bichon doesn't like these berry flavored treats , but all her friends do ! ! zuke's makes great treats , healthy and trustworthy !
my dogs really like these beds . my hound really likes curling up with the sides around him . i've laid on it with him , it's comfy .
great product , i have been using it for many years , have not lost a fish yet due to water problems .
works perfectly , simple to setup and simple to use . i've used this a few times while away on vacation ; never had a problems .
my golden retriever shredded this in no time at all . not durable at all . stuffing everywhere ! not recommended for chewers .
this is great ! bigger than i thought , so i was very pleased ! ! great deal ! !
this and the evo dry have been a life saver for my older cat . she loves them both and it really agrees with her tummy .
i dog loves these treats . my picky dog , loves these . she will do tricks and come when called for these !
just what i was looking for . i got these with the grooming kit from the same company and i use them with all of my dogs .
they are handy , i have to cut my pom's hair a lot in a sensitive area and they protect him .
the cat's eat it , but i need a more dietary meal for one chow hound kitty and one that eat's too fast and tosses her cookies .
these work perfectly fine with fluval's latest . i am using them with their newest 406 ! results are very good so no worries .
dogs like them and they are low calorie so good for training when you need to use lots of treats
bought these to use with my pond aerator and they worked as advertised and kept the water out , would buy again if needed .
i was really hoping my cats would be more interested in these . they don't chew them at all . they just bat them around like a toy .
it could be made more sturdily--i had to tape the ends together for them to go together . the cats like it .
my leonberger destroyed this kong in about three minutes . the rubber kongs are nearly indestructible , but these " tennis ball types " are not for big dogs .
it blends in , , just easy to store and change out as nrw toys . price was right too just use it in other rooms
she loved it ! always sleeps up top now.the connectors are very high quality , so you won't have to worry about it falling over .
i bough 4 of these and 2 of them are not accurate at all.kept two in the same aquarium and both red differently .
it's waterproof and durable , but it fits our car loosely even after adjusting it . lincoln has the easiest time walking right up to the front seat .
i usually wash & rinse these sleeves but that only goes so far . i keep these on hand so i always have a fresh replacement .
the price and shipping was certainly reasonable and the chain works well for it's designed purpose . so far no problem with it tarnishing .
love these scissors for trimming my long haired persian cats . the round tip is perfect . they are much less jumpy than with regular scissors .
this is the best water conditioner if you have fish , works great , i have used this for a long time and alway get great results .
i love premier toys . very well designed and thought out . however , if they could make them more durable ...
my two dogs love rawhide and have to have everyday after dinner . especially my mini aussie , who will beg until he gets it .
its a good durable toy , just not for smaller dogs . my dog struggles to carry or play with it - but for chewing he gets by
my cat loves this toy . i can usually get her into prowl mode chasing it around . nice product . reasonable price .
works well ! i have a pug and he hates getting his nails cut  using this nail cutter i can somehow cut them
jingle jingle . these are bells . they rattle and make noise . they're cheap and for some reason , not available at petsmart . buy them .
my dog loves this bed , the bumpers are used as pillows and it is easily washed ! ! would definitely recommend and buy again ! !
it is good i do believe . its last a few weeks an still holding up to my little chewier so .. :)
a gigantic necessity as far as cats are concerned . masks the odors with a small smell and does not have the smell cloy . very very good
my cat goes crazy for all the dabird stuff . this pack is awesome how it comes with so many choices .
cute but haven't seen the cats play with it much even when i try to play with it with them .
this harness is exactly as advertised . it is good quality . i bought it for my growing puppy and it has worked out well
soft , flexable and easy on my dogs teeth . we both love this toy ! also seems pretty durable as long as you don't leave it out .
when my older dog does manage to pee on the pad it still seems to seep through to the floor and then gets trapped there under the plastic .
the bed is the right size , but the interior is to small for my pekes . price , quality , arrival time are all plusesdisappointed ; 0 (
the price was right and this fits perfectly for our dachshund . he likes it a whole lot better than a regular collar and leash .
our dogs seem to like it . they pick it up and chew for a while , then move on to something else .
three times the amount for half the price in local stores . quick delivery and api is one of the best brands out there .
tetra is one of the leading fish food brands . i always feed my fish this brand and have never had any problems with my fish .
i had to return this item for it was too large for my dog . it was well made and would probably work ok for a large dog .
was not invincible at all it only took 2.2 seconds for my little beagle to destroy it not happy at all
there are many sprays out there that claim to be as good as this one . i've tried most of them and i find this is the best product .
works great on my cats and dogs . grip is comfortable and does the job on their nails . i would recommend buying
hoping this will be a perfect pan for foster kittens . seems low enough for little ones to access . looking forward to seeing how it will clean up .
ok for convenience in cleaning my golden retriever's ears . a cotton ball and baby oil does just as well . price is reasonable .
much needed product ! it doesn't work like magic , but it definetly helps--i really like how it works in her digestion as well .
this is super hard yet has flavor apparently so she loves this toy . and it is definitely holding up to an aggressive chewer .
love my dogs , varied flavors and pleasant smell . exclentes for training dogs of all breeds and sizes . i like it !
i've been looking for a good quality poop bag that doesn't cost too much . this was a wonderful solution and i would highly recommend buying these .
highly recommended for the price and economic use . no heavy perfumed smell.used them as pad and can hold a few days before i change the pad .
i ordered this and never received it . so i guess i'll call my credit card company and argue with them .
great product and so healthful for my dog who loves , loves his treats . nice to be able to buy in quantity .
works every time i have used it on my dogs . you can see the fleas jump off if there is any on them .
recommended by vet surgeon for strengthening joints . i liked it because it was easy to split for a small dog .
great filter replacement for fluval pumps . easy to change them out and this one fits perfectly . keeps the water crystal clear
best one we found ... like that it comes with a catty too , b / c you never know where to put a scoop when not in use ?
it might be good toothpaste , but this flavor really stinks . my dog's breath was horrid . it would be good in another flavor .
these pads get the job done . they're the perfect size for my schnauzer to use . not too big and not too small
these tablets do the trick . they work very fast on killing the fleas and are half the price that they go for in the pet store ,
my cat was intrigued immediately , but immediately pulled it apart . not sure how you design one that lasts more than ten minutes .
my dog's love these treats . they're about as good as it gets ingredient wise . as soon as they hear me grab the bag , they come running .
the hay balls keep my guinea pigs from trampling over and soiling the hay . they have to work at getting the hay which keeps them occupied .
the balls are great - much better than tennis balls and the ball that comes with the chuckit ! if you buy the chuckit ! launcher buy these replacement balls
the best thing ever , my cats love it , it keeps them busy while i have my dinner . very good .   
the dog and my bengal cat both love these ! they have a strong smell that i don't like , but the critters love !
my pug / jack russell loves monkey toys , but he don't play that much with this one , but the product is great for sharp puppy teeth
looks great on my dog . very well made , high quality . i would buy this product again . i get compliments all the time .
i buy this brand , because dogs like it , has a good price , and is rated with 5 scoops , by rating companies .
my dog loves these . great for teeth and letting your dog having a good treat for training . regular size seems to work the best
very high quality dog comb , and the ends of the tines are rounded and not sharp like most other combs .
this is the best all around water conditioner i have ever used love it this is a great price :)
this is a great item and a must have for your chameleon , very easy to use and keeps the humidity where it needs to be .
easy to set up and use . using it as one of two power heads in my 55 gallon saltwater tank
this is a great idea , but this device is completely unreliable . it forgets its programming , even though the battery is in and powers its creen .
when paired with the kong stuff'n toy , these treats make my pup work for her treat . keeps her occupied for a good 10-15 minutes .
worth the money , not to have the daily stress of giving pills . lower risk of dog choking on pill . plan on purchasing more .
was not sure it was big enough , but it is . cat has no problem going in and out . highly recommended good quality !
this is great for my 2 mini daushounds . the way the pieces fit together i can do it with just one hand , i would recommend !
great buy and my four cats like this flavor . i mix one teaspoon with some dry per cat and they stand in line wating for thier morning dish
our 10 lb . schnoodle loves riding in our miata with a view and using it for a bed at outdoor events .
my cats used to like this , but now they won't touch it - don't ask me ? did they change it ?
great product . very soft material . the cats are loving it . didn't try to wash it , but will try very soon .
i got these as a gift for my aunt's dog and he loved them . he could eat the whole bag if we let him .
got this leash to match my labs collar . seems to be good quality and a nice blue color . good price as well .
he is old and blind and his eyes suffer from lack of moisture . i use these drops then clean debris from his eye .
even though i bought a small it did not fit our dog . we gave it to a friend with a larger dog
these filters fit the very attractive pet fountain and the filters seem to work just fine . they are easily changed also .
after reading the reviews i was hopeful that my picky cat would love this catnip , no such luck . he turns his head and walks away :(
advantix ii is the first topical treatment for fleas , etc . that has helped my dog heal from bites and irritated skin .
easier to shop online than in the store . price is similar to store cost , and got free shipping . of course , the cats are happy too .
my dog can no longer pull me off my feet . this helped to make him mind much quicker . he's learned not to pull with this collar .
the cats had it off in no time - great entertainment for them . i wouldn't waste my money .
our puppy's eyes water and he gets eye crustys . there are so easy to use to clean up his face .
this cat treat make my cats nuts , they love iti give no more the 4 treats in one day , my cats always want more ..
these are great , i've bought many dog treats that my pups have enjoyed , but this is the only one i've been motivated to write a review about .
i take care of a total of eight cats which i spoil rotten . this is reasonably priced and they all like and have no problem wolving it down .
came fastworks greatfor my 2 puppies 1 is 1yr . other is 6 monthsproduct did not bother my dogs at allyes i would buy again
very soft , plush , and a good gray color ! fit my corgi's kennel perfectly as she also has a midwest crate . we both love it !
these tabs are so easy to use and work well for three months . would definitely recommend to anyone who wants convenient plant care .
works great on my long haired cat . you do need to get a good brush as well . comb works great to remove loose hair .
all our dogs love it . we have 5 . the little ones share a can while the bigger dogs have a whole can each .
my cat loves it and has consumed all of it in one sitting . my cat is is extremely selective food wise and prefers much more costlier food .
nice for cats that are on raw diets being that they do lack essentiel vitamins.but my cat doesn't really like the taste .
my cats left this untouched and uneaten . i finally put outside the alley cat . i have nothing more to say .
opened the package and my cat went crazy .. she couldn't get enough of them . no bad fillers , no china worries , green grass munchies - purrfect .
we were used to using nature's miracle's advanced poop bags and they were much better . better size with deodorizer to mask stench .
this is a good addition to my conure's toys : it provides him with a ladder to the higher level of perches .
this was a better size for my dog . she isn't really a large dog , but likes toys she can shake and pounce on . it squeaks well .
wish they lasted a little longer but it's the right one for my fountain and it works as does the stainless fountain ( which i love ) .
my dogs never even picked it up . it seems more like a piece of flavorless plastic to them , i think .
puppy loves to knock over bowls ... can this one ; but she does scoop out all the water with her paws ... great product , tho ! :)
fritz is a 7 lb . min pin , and he loves his ducky . the quaking reminds him , of the ducks flying in the sky
i feel like im cleansing them very deeply and my dogs absolutely love it . i love it soo much thank u
ive gone throuh an entire bottle of this stuff and there is no reduction of tarter on their teeth . none what so ever .
this is great for a terrier or any dog that likes to work for their food . it's active , both physically and mentally .
chinchillas really liked this oxbow western hay . just doesn't last of long when you have 12 mouths to feed everyday ..
great for protecting your furniture ... washes well .. we thought the ivory would be a pain , but it helps hide the hair left behind .
bought for hiking originally , ended up getting more for car trips . very easy to wash and store . clips on belt or in small pocket .
my dog loves these snack biscuits . if i want her to do something ( like go in her crate ) these bones are a great enticement .
this cat tree is very easy to assemble , and it is very sturdy , attractive . my snotty cat actually likes it !
i used it once so far , and it seems to work pretty goo on a rash on my schnauzers back . she isn't itching it anymore .
the dog toy ball is as good as how kong makes all their dog products and on amazon , the price it so worth it
our bunny loves this snack and we love what is put in it ! very natural snack for our little friend ! ! !
great training tool . so fun to watch my dog learn with good choices and rewards .
not our puppys favorite chew toy by far but it was a decent price . i would not purchase again . thanks .
should have listened to the reviews . i'm getting ready to send the 2nd one back after it also quit working .
my mothers aging dog really enjoys this bed . it was comfortable and well made .
my cocker spaniel who is blind needs thick 6 inch bully sticks that he can hold so he can chew . these sticks pass the test .
this worked well . it does slip . not advertised for protecting for any kind of wet spill , just to remind you .
my cat players with this on occasion . i like the way i can store all of her smaller toys in one place . glad i ordered it .
my dog loves this and it has solved the urinary tract problems.it was recommended by a breeder ... my vet just kept giving her antibiotics .
this product did not seem to help my plants at all . it also discolored and clouded up my aquarium water , which was very disappointing .
smaller size is more manageable for our 22 lb terrier . like all of honest kitchens products , i can feel good about giving these to our lil bunny
good size for a net makes it easy to catch fish . it is well made and mine has lasted quite a while now .
i think it needs to be more specific on size of aquarium . my aquarium is a 10 gallon and it was way to big .
there were no replacement squeakers ! ! it says that four replacement squeakers are included , but just came with one inside the toy .
the small is too big for my 8.7 lb dog . the metal clip / hook is too bulky and heavy for her ...
both dogs love these , one likes the chicken chips better . i seem to have one dog crazy for chicken flavor and one for the duck flavor .
my dogs loves these and bully rings , dog cookies , and the new himalyan chews - but he's very food driven , so no big surprise .
both of my pups love this.they chew and chew for hours.one on each end.highly recommended for heavy chewers .
works great and keeps my tanks at a constant 78f . this heater hides easily in my fluval view and fluval spec v .
the dogs carry these around with them and they last longer than other toys . i highly recommend this to every one .
fits well inside the kong treat . puppy loves them and the size is just right for the kong toy . a great distraction for him .
i have three dogs and they all want this toy at the same time . doesn't get chewed apart like most things i buy them .
good price for the quantity . assortment is great and my cats can't get enough ! i would recommend these to anybody !
this brand is on the whole dog journal list of acceptable canned foods . sadie likes halo better , but this is a good choice to mix it up .
a bit too large and hard for dog to get any kind of grip on it . i think i prefer a softer foodcube .
dog & cat love them & the vitamins seem to be making their coats shine . will let you know about the flees , in houston they are awful !
good product . used it to make a bubble wall in my aquarium with a few air stones . fits standard air tubes .
i purchased this harness to replace one that ran way too small . my terrier mix 9 pound pup really likes this one and it fits perfectly .
so far i don't see any flea or side effects on my pet and we always spray on the floor-mats too . so it's good so far .
my dogs love these bones because they can actually eat them . i accidentally bought these instead of my typical chews and found my new treat for my dogs .
i have 3 fuzzy little boys who love this nap sack . they snuggle in there together and they're so cute .
encourages good leash behavior . is comfortable for my dog to keep on when i take him off leash in the park . well made .
my puppies love this so i had to buy 2 more for them so try it out yourself u will see 2 .
this simple toy is fun for the cats . think that a string with a feather attached would to the same job and be cheaper in the long run .
this is the grain free version and my cats really like this food . it's comparible in value to the other dry cat food but the ingredients are super !
it was okay but my cats are older and the entrance was pretty high so i took it back to petco who are wonderful about returns
removes loose fur from my long hair cat , we have other brushes but she loves this one , and is very happy when she she's this one .
my dog loves this food ! i feel good about it because of it's great ingredients and i love amazon's price !
they do last forever . he has a blast carrying them around and gnawing on them on occasion . they're like a little security blanket for him .
dogs seem to like it but i'm concerned about how easily it seems to be breaking down around the head area .
don't like these . they arrived ok but they are not really very sharp . they work well for cutting pills but not dog nails .
the title says it all . buy them here , they are the exact same as in the pet stores and for much less
again my dog loves stella & chewey products & never turns it down like other treats which she gets board of . highly recommend
my dog loves these , we have no issues with swallowing big pieces since he isn't a gulper . he gives a paw up on these !
i bought this for my cat but my daughter snatched it from him for her dog , who just loves it .
my dogs love tripe .. and these small bite size pieces make great training treats .. tho expect some smell as tripe is smelly
my 7 month old german shepherd puppy loved this chew . this was her christmas gift and it lasted almost a month . ( i expected that ) .
it's a plastic mat and looks just like the picture . you can put pet food / water bowls on it . easy clean .
good food for my bunny . his coat is shiny and he is a healthy weight . he loves to pick the carrots out first !
my dog has epilepsy and will urinate if he has a seizure . we used this to clean-up and it seems to be working well so far .
look like decent pads . but when i come home after a 12 hour workday , they leak through . will not order again .
couldn't be more happy with this product . my puppy has a hard time choosing between the hurley and the bumi .
besides the healthier benefits of this cat food ( although a bit pricier ) , we're very happy with it and so is our kitty :)
this is the most awesome cat toy ever bought ! for the price and what you get it is well worth it !
kong is the only brand of dog toys to stand up to my boxer at least for a little while
works great for shaving our collie . it does not get too hot when using it and the various blades guards are nice .
my cavalier king charles spaniels love these great natural dog chews.they always got the tails a waggin ' when they see the bag in my hand ! recommended !
functional and cute ! our dog took to it immediately . it looks a bit wide but is the appropriate height for our 12 pound long haired chihuahua .
i do like this variety pack but wish it had more of a variety and the majority of it was the turkey and cheese .
food is great , cats love it - i don't know what else to say about this cat food - thank you
this product is exactly as stated . it is easily attached to wire crates . i am very pleased with this quick lock bowl . i would recommend it .
i love this brush . it is so nice to be able to get rid of the hair without having to handle it . my dog loves it too .
love kong products as usual . puppy used as chew toy and it is durable as per other kong products.highly recommended for strong chewers ! entertaining toy !
i guess the replacement pads are ok , but the pedi paws is just too light weight for our two small dogs .
no more than the circle than comes of a gallon of milk , and the cats quickly bored of them , and they just sit in the toy box .
my dogs love to tug and this is great . its huge and they drag each other around the house with it .
my dog loves greenies and the saves is great . my local chain pet store charges $ 1 + just for one ... best deal thus far for greenies .
both of my dogs love these treats , so i keep them on hand all the time . these arrived quickly & were very fresh . thanks
we fill this with our favorite carbon & ammonia remover pellets.is much cheaper to re-fill than to buy new filters !
i can't say enough about this dog food . it has been wonderful on my dogs stomach and love the all natural ingredients .
i am very happy with these bowls-they are the perfect size and look so pretty and shiny and the cats really like them .
honestly , the dog will eat anything , but this agrees with him . he enjoys it a lot , and he looks fabulous !
my cats won't touch this food . the stray cat outside won't eat it either . it looks good but they all just turn their noses at it .
my maltipoo loves these dental chews so much he does a little dance for them when he sees them , yes i would recommend this product , sstewart
these are great scissors and safe to use on my small feisty dog . they could be a bit sharper , but overall a great product !
my cats always love the yeoww products . good catnip for kitties . they love the cigar and other shapes as well .
i love this thing although i think i would have preferred one where the comb was parallel with the handle .
great for most fluval canister filters , combine it with some ammonia remover and your tank will be clean . change monthly
my 9 month old german shepherd loves this chew . keeps her occupied for hours . a chunky chew 8 " is cheaper than a new couch , lol .
i gave this a three , because the switch is kind of tricky to use , but my cats really do love it .
my cat loves this toy . he gets bored with his toys , but never this one . i'll have to keep a supply of these on hand .
my guineas love these . i have to buy them 2 or 3 bags at a time ! i have 2 pigs and they eat one each per week .
the only thing that comes close to reducing odor a little . good size . great stuff . wished they had better pricing but i keep ordering this stuff .
oxbow is a well known brand and has high quality products . this is no exception . my 2 lop-eared bunnies lived this treat and i will purchase more .
my dogs love it ! i spoon it over their dry kibble and mix . it smells good enough for me to eat .
no better , or worse , than other training pads i've bought in the past . price is attractive.will probably continue to buy , if price remains attractive .
+ thick enough + comes with a bonus bone-shaped bag dispenser , awesome ! + lasted us more than a year ( for a chihuahua , that is )
it worked to quiet my dog's barking at the ups truck and the postman so it was definitely worth the price . i wish it was a larger can .
my two dogs ( max & marley ) love these treats . they are also soft enough that my 15 year max can eat them without problem .
lots of bags for little money . these are a good value . they work as expected to do an unpleasant job .
dogs love to play with this . love that there is not any stuffing because my dogs were able to tear them up .
one of the flavors that my cat likes . i alternate this flavor with about 6 others to give him the variety he likes .
i like sound of this clicker so much better than the basic ones . it has a hole on one end to attach it to a wrist strap .
i love that this has a hook on the side to hang a bag of poo while you finish the walk . these work well for us .
my 3 fat cats seem to love itthat works for me as long as they like it i will keep buying it
best ever auto adjusts and is amazing . it is an essential to any large aquarium . spend the extra money its worth it
it arrives with strong smells . as i was installing my airline , one of it was broken . not the best quality one we expect .
kibbles ' n bits bistro meals oven roasted beef flavor with spring vegetable is rated number 1 by my two dogs .
these treats work very well to control the tartar . my 11 - year-old dog's teeth are much improved since using these . i give her one a day .
the little tomboy schnauzer likes playing tug of war with this one , and then giving it a good , long shake after she wins it .
works great in my aquarium keeps the water safe for my fishes way to go aquasafe you rock . thank you
although he liked this food , it give him loose stools , so i no longer buy it . this may not happen with your dog , , ,
i have purchased many of these in tge past and like the rest , this putchase is also a quality product . i highly recommend .
ive been using this a while now , and its working great still . i will continue to use this until it breaks and i will buy another .
i was afraid the clip would be flimsy but it's not . good quality leash with a nice clip and a cute design . i'm pleased with it .
best price ! this works extremely well . i just wish i had reusable ones , i hate to keep buying more and throwing them away ...
a plastic coated cable , not much to say , seems to work well , at least my dog doesn't chew it now .
i will only buy human grade pet food , sourced and produced in the united states . this is a product of thailand .
leash works great light weight and strong , dog doesn't have a bunch of extra weight to be pulling around , highly recommended , great product !
these are tasty bones for my dogs . they love them . only issue is they can stain furniture or carpet when they are going to town on them .
these didn't really seem to help quell the problems they said it would , like spraying and fighting . don't waste your money .
out of all the toys i've brought my new kitten these are by far her favorite . she's even learned to play fetch with them !
again this is long gone with our lab retriever chewing it up within two to three days , so it must have been good .
mine never would eat out of this but they ring the bell all the time
really liked this harness but a week later my dog bit the clips and i now need a new one .
it ran through the machine fine but didn't seem to help with odors at all . my carpet still smells after two shampoos .
my gsd loves them . they smell good and must taste good . perfect training treat or reward treat . be excellent for puppy potty training
a fairly decent little pair of scissors for the price . i'm used to spending much more for good dog grooming scissors so this was a nice little find .
this cat vitamin seems to have the right nutritional balance , however my finicky cat won't have any part of them , won't even touch it .
the pads work well with the tidy cats breeze system , but the price of the pads , and the pellets , keeps going up .
easy way to feed a raw diet . not available locally so ordering online makes life a lot easier for me
i love this safety leash , i have one in every car . it is easy lash my dog and keep her safe while we are on the move .
my dog loves his chewies , its a good deal . i would recommend them to other people . thank you , thank you .
good quality poop bags that are just right for a small dog in the 15 lbs range . they don't burst when sealing them for proper disposal .
the price is better than in the store , they came quickly and they teste the water just fine . just not much to say .
really cuts down on post trip cleanup as well as keeping the dog from falling off of the seat .
my cats love to go outside and this vest which i thought would fit either of them does not . had to give it away .
the dogs love them but i do not like the smell of them myself . it smells strange but my opinion does not matter
my missy is getting up in years and wanted her comfy . so i ordered this for her and she is a happy camper ..
wow , this thing cleans your teeth . it is sharp so you need to be careful , but it works great on removing plaque .
more squeaky toys to retrieve ! inexpensive , and they seem to be well made . the dog that destroys everything hasn't ripped any of these eggs apart yet .
much too large for a chihuahua . sorry , but there was nothing i liked about this product . not comfortable and didn't feel safe for pup .
this crate pet bed is very soft and long but there is little to no padding on the bottom . otherwise the cat still loves it .
my labrador thinks these morsels are great ! ! as a treat or mixed with some of her kibble , she eats every bite ! !
this ball really bounces - my " lab " loves the goughnut toys - he chews them all the time and they are really indestructible .
both my golden retriever and mini aussie love this product . my mini aussie is a picky eater , and he adores this flavor
i contiue to highly recommend this product . it really helps keep all my cats going and the price is great .
great product for cats ... vet charged $ 15.00 for 1 pill ... now i get it online and i get 6 pills ... and it works ! ! !
use it correctly and it works well . there may be environmental factors that need to be addressed as well as using the capsules
my poodle absolutely loves this food and he has a bad hip so this is great for his little body .
these clippers are great . they work better than anything i have used yet . makes the job a lot easier and the pooch appreciates it as well .
small amount for the price . dog loved it but was disappointed in the amount provided . i like the brand but i expected more for the price .
my dog loves these . i don't have to worry about soy and horrible fillersthat end up contributing to cancer in my pet .
awesome food container compared to others i've own in the past , very strong , durable and a good seal on the lid .
my dog reached the edge of the collar at the velcro part and started to chew in less than a day . i cannot use it .
these work great for those pesky little critters . this was the first year my dogs got fleas . i panicked and ordered this . it worked . thanks
helps keep the blade nice for all the times my husband buzzes his hair off . just need to get him to use the oil more frequently .
this cube was hard plastic . it made lots of noise.my young vizsla seemed to enjoy the orange omegapaw treat ball , star mark and kong treat dispensers .
my dogs enjoy this treat and i like the fact it has glucosomine in it for an added nutrition boost . great usa product .
i keep this for my bird . she demands them every morning . i got this product promptly and as stated . great product .
all three of my cats won't even touch . they take a whiff of it and walk away.they usually munch on all other type of snacks .
this works great for our dogo argentino , it's very lightweight yet durable and strong . i would buy again if it was lost or destroyed .
it was great , my dog got really exited and broke it before 5 mins had gone by , but it was fun
my lion head gold fish and oranda gold fish love these as a treat . it does not dirty the water .
while i initially purchased this for my bird feeder , i'm using it instead for my wind chime . it's working very nicely and was affordable .
my dog loves this food he cleans his bowl within minutes . i usually buy the blue bag but decided to try this bag out and i have no complaints
ok , nice toy , but my cats didn't show a real interest i it . they like the squeak , but didn't go after it .
thia is an awesome bulb that my turtles love when they are basking on my floating rock . gives off a lot of heat and good color .
both dogs loved playing with the snake until the squakers all died out . we have two boxers so it didn't take'em too long to kill the snake .
absolute total hit with my lab ! monkeys are her favorite we have had this guy for a year now and it still.works great ! this is her baby .
i added an extra to get the deeper water - made a word of difference in the tank . i have some happy fish now .
these are perfect because they are so portable and light . i use them in my car and in my home for my border collie .
i keep this all the time , would not res tif it wasn't here . for my puppies . it really works great .
this has a small footprint and displays the temp clearly . just peel off the backing , stick it to the front of your tank and you're all set .
my dog would eat these constantly if he could . never gets tired of them .
my cat loves it and it keeps her occupied with herself while i am attempting to get some things done .
i thought how cute ... a fleece rabbit for easter ... the dogs really liked it but the ears were torn off way too fast .
i always use this on my three dogs teeth . they like this poultry flavor the best . it does a good job keeping the tartar off .
my dogs like this bone . it's pretty durable . i'm generally a fan of nyalbone products and this is no exception .
we love this . only complaint , it is expensive . our cichlids love it ; they look very healthy . shipments are always on time .
nice neat little treats for training . my dogs enjoyed all variety of flavors . lots of little treats in the bag .
i really like this item . the color is awesome . i just love the thick cotton and wide band trim all around of z & z tees .
i purchased these for a friend whom is rescuing feral cats / kittens . the kittens are loving it . i would purchase this again ! !
yup , its a pee pad and works just fine . had to buy the larger size also ! i like that its an easy wash and holds up !
this product is nice to help keep a little calming influence for cats . it's not a miracle worker , but it certainly helps .
this was really cute . it lasted us about 2 weeks until my dog tore it apart , but i expected that anyways .
it's fine-does what it is supposed to . a little annoying to hook to the car , but no biggie . good buy .
this little thing , my dogs just didn't enjoy . maybe i didn't teach them long enough or maybe they just didn't understand how to use it .
need a water bottle that could be filled from the outside and attach firmly to the crate for air travel . this one fit the bill completely .
great value for the price . not many features , but is accurate against other manual thermometers . suction cups stick well inside and outside of tank .
and since my puppy-like dog is now 11 ( older than me in dog years ) , they must be doing something right for her . my vet recommends .
i've ordered the prozyme for a couple of years now and love it . i would'nt let any of my dogs go without it again .
good quality and well made . a little pricey but hopefully it will outlast some of the cheaper knock-offs out there .
i wish i read the reviews closer before feeding these to my dogs . these are made in china and you can draw your own conclusions .
this is a really good comb , gets to the loose hair on my cats . recommended for cats with longer hair .
bags and holder work great . through 3 rolls without any problem . bags are large enough to pick up after out great dane on walks .
this is such a nice bed ! fefe sleeps on it in her jail and loves it !
the dog loves it . i should have bought the biggest size . i like it because it is flexible and i can throw it in the house .
she is finicky and very particular about her treats . she really loves these and i like that they can be broken into smaller pieces for training .
my red bellied parrot loves these perches . the texture is amazing and she loves to hang upside down from them . these are her favorite perches .
needed a fish feeder while on vacation . this one has been working perfectly since then and has become a permanent fixture .
the original wubbas are longer lasting than these are . the heads of these just seem to rip off when being used for the intended purpose of tugging .
i couldn't get my cats to eat this product , much to my regret . the ingredients are impressive and would clearly make for a healthy supplement .
really cute but that thing is running too small , have to buy 2 more sizes to fit my dog .
its sturdy , and would defeat the hardest chewer , but the opening for treats is way too large ! my dog won't give it a second glance .
great size for my lab's big bowls . hoping it lasts and doesn't mold like my previous silicone mat . i like it very much .
zukes are mans best friend for dental , treats and pretty much everything they make is delicious ! great product for your furry loved one .
the treat inside isn't something my dog wants , but he loves to chew toys , and this survives his best efforts .
excellent food . completely raw diet . dehydrated food you rehydrate for them . very healthy for your dog . we have two dogs and feed to both .
well so cool it took me awhile to get what we wanted but we got it so happy ! for a great product . thank you
my major complaint is that the clip isn't very tight so it slips off and is easy to lose . i can't really wear it on my waistband .
wonderful for allergies in my pets ... first time using it and will purchase it again when we do need it for sure !
my cats either love this stuff or sort of like , depending on their mood . it's nutritious , my cats have bright eyes and shiny fur :]
we transitioned to outdoor potty training in the spring . i appreciated the lack of urine odor and would recommend to new puppy owners .
strong , sturdy , durable very well built . it is tall enough for my large 20 lb . cat to use great buy .
got these for my daughter since her dogs were starting to upchuck their brand of food . guess what , no more upchucks !
i have 5 cats and they were not interested in it - they picked at it eating just a few pieces .
my fish love it but too big for the smaller fish ... i believe some of the smaller platys choked on it .
as always zack and zoeys items are adorable great quality at a super low price . so warm for my yorkie puppy . :)
my dog loved these things and they seemed like they lasted forever . a lot cheaper than most local stores with more bones as well .
does the job well . gel inside the pads . great for my chihuahuas ... wayyed better than any other pad i ever used
these food bowls and , the container work great for my short lhasa apso doggies . , easy to clean and , not too heavy for me to lift
this product has been good at keeping fleas off our dogs this summer during a heavy infestation .
trasaction was perfect . rec'd within 48 hours . great price . saved me a trip to the store just to get treats .
i thought there were two .. only received a white one . if this is so please send me the other mouse .
this item is cute and i cant wait to give for christmas . if anything like the other toys it will be well played .
this is a well made leash that works very well and looks nice with my mendota braided collar . nice leash
helps my older dog a great deal.it is much more expensive at the vet's office . was pleased to see it sold on amazon .
fun , better than a frisbee . thanks . dog loves it , also love the bright colors , easy to find in the snow or leaves .
nice product and this is the only toy that hasn't yet to be destroyed by our cat , others do not last .
this product wasn't pure white sand . it was quite dirty and more expensive to ship than the cost of the sand . i wouldn't order this product again .
i like that it doesn't hang down and make noise when my cat is walking around . very cute ! no problems with it .
my dog loves these , and they are supposedly good for his teeth , but we are buying off-label sticks as these are just too expensive .
my cats love this cat food . they clean their bowls & i know they are getting quality ingredients @ a great price !
my two under 8 pound dogs are already trained to go outside , but i buy these for those rainy days . i wouldn't suggest this for bigger dogs .
it's really cute , i like it but my dog doesn't , ;) ! first time for my dogie , he just needs to get use to it !
my guinea pig hates it and she wouldn't touch it . i think i can only use it as bedding for her
this product did not work for my dog . i will try another and send this one back . she is a rescue dog
my kitten likes this product and i like it because it didn't break the bank ! i would definitely recommend this product .
perfect toy for my strong chewer ! its still around after a few months unlike most of her toys ! good for fetch and tug .
this was the favorite new toy for our largest dog . he made sure that the smaller dogs left it alone !
so i love it . no pungent poop smell like some previous reviewers stated . keeps my bird's beak nice and sharp .
i have been ordering pet armor plus for 2 years and it works great for me . no fleas or ticks on my dogs . no reactions either .
it smells good , but actually i bought it for my puppy to solve dry and itchy skin problems which this conditinor did not work this functions
this brand of dog toy is very sturdy and has not shredded or ripped open to date . they are the perfect size .
keeps my floor so much cleaner and it is easy to clean up itself .
not rolled tightly enough to provide good chewing . my dogs chew through these in a couple of minutes & leave all kinds of crap all over the floor .
it is worth the little extra money because it is 10 x's better than the junk from china.excellent buy ! !
my cats adore this stuff , they cant get enough . will puchase this again.highly recommend this product to anyone with cats.thank you
keeps the cats entertained for hours . da bird brand is the way to go as for some reason they just don't like the others .
great cage that will fit up to two rats . very roomy and spacious . three levels gives them plently of room and three stories for a lot of exercise
my cats love this bed ! it gets just warm enough for them and i find them in it at odd times . it's perfect for the pampered cat .
ammonia did not come down for two weeks after using this product ( and even using extra ) . thinking that it probably did not help . ymmv
my puppy loves this toy and still plays with it daily . very sturdy ball that is filled with his favorite treats .
i have a lab mix and she chews through everything ! so far this toy has lasted the longest really great toy .
this is a good product but our dogs did not seem to enjoy this as much as holistic select or merrick .
my dog loved the flavor . he is a little shih tzu . i would buy it again . he loves beef pupperoni too .
great deal retails $ 22 @ petsmart . nothing wrong with them and they last about as longas you'd expect a filter to
this product is well made and my 13 lb dog loves the scrunchy sound it makes when she bites it .
i will never use any other scoop ! but this is way over priced save yourself $ 6 and order it from petco or wayfair ect .
this is a fantastic bowl for the car . carries ample supply of water and no spills ! dog and owner love it !
i love this because it removes a lot of contanimates from the water and when you have to , you can recharge it !
i did my homework and the brand is the best dry dog food . best ingredients and high in protein . my boxer puppy loves it .
it is one of her favorite toys . she loves the fringe that hangs on both ends . also perfect for tug of war
we have a lot of fun w / our cats & dogs using this ! much more entertaining & fun than watching tv !
i have tried several bunny toys for our rabbit , but this one is by far his favorite . he loves picking this up and tossing it
dog had diarrea constantly for more than 4 weeks , switched to candidae and 1st day he was back to normal . gonna stay on candidae
great way to help with dental health for our goldendoodle brooke . great price , fast ship and the dog loves em "
i have been feeding my parrots lafeber's products for over 10 years and find it to be a quality product that my parrots enjoy .
i have seen a wide variety of prices for refractometers and i'd have to say this one is great and really well priced .
they didn't seem to care to even give this one a try . each cat is so different.so can't gauge them all by my two !
will grate them over dog food ... if my picky dog refuses to eat . dogs love them . will purchase again . like the size .
my dogs go to food . she loves it and i know it's good for her . she gets it for dinner and home cooked for breakfast .
recently adopted a cat and she loves these treats . the different varieties , packaging and prices are excellent . great purchase for kitty !
the fish / inverts / even bristle worms go crazy when i put this stuff in the tank . either dosing food or just directly into the tank .
works ok but you have to hit them kind of hard for them to light up . none of my cats played with them .
i feed this food to my 2 female convict cichlids . they actually fight over who gets it , and it helps their colors drastically !
doesn't really absorb well . will never buy again . simple solution pads are much better or any other pee pad for that matter .
this has to be the best on the market for getting rid of cat urine smell , but it also cleans the area very well . i'm very pleased .
good length . sturdy , we have a large breed dog . comes with a brass clasp for no rust hopefully ! good buy , we recommend .
i decided to buy these balls since i've read that tennis balls are not good . my boston terrier puppy loves playing and chewing n these . great buy
no issues . it is small but price is right . i should of gotten a bigger one but they all cost to much this works and its good enough
good quality scoop with graduated markings in 1/2 cup intervals . should last quite a long time . it was just what we needed .
this was a really great deal on a really good pet bed . our puppy lays and plays in this bed wheneaver we're in the kitchen .
this was recommended by the vet and it stops the bleeding . i also tried the powder as well . thank you
i got the right size very quickly , they work wonderfully as i knew , and i have no complaints whatsoever . : 3
i like using this harness when working with untrained dogs , it is gentle and makes it a lot easirer with unruley dogs
i like that these last longer than stuffed bones , and you can put the last bit in the microwave so none of it goes to waste .
i have a bichon frise and when he gets tangles , this product just can't cut it . may be better suited for dogs that don't have curly hair .
good product . recommend this product . is as described in the picture . i would buy . i was happy with it . excellent
my dog loved every bite . much healthier than milkbones or rawhide treats which aren't good for dogs with food allergies or sensitive tummies .
best food to feed your goldfish . i raise ranchus , lionhead and orandas . this food minimizes waste , increase head growth and minimizes swim bladder disorder
wow a great item . metal tray , three openings , easily assembled and no rough edges for fur to get caught on . no brainer , buy one !
my dog thinks lil's true chews are the best beef bully sticks , ever ! she wishes i would order more often .
way too easy for my dog , she had it figured out in nanoseconds . she prefers to chew on the plastic bones .
our two boston terriers love these so much they want their meds in the morning . they are a bit stinky though .
purchased for our new pom and it's great to carry her in . lot's of ventilation and she seems very comfortable in it .
our small dog has had a few tummy troubles recently , and this food helps . she eats it happily and speedily with no digestion issues . recommended food .
i would definitely recommend this to people purchasing he original drinkwell because of the sturdy construction and it grabs the carpeting :)
got these as a christmas gift for friends children ( their dogs ) got glowing reports back that everyone enjoyed the treats when opened on christmas morn .
i love this but my little guy prefers his first small size go figure sqweaky squirrels and well made its a keeper
for a quick check it is fine but a more advanced test is needed for fine tuning . i use it as a back up check occasionally
this toy is really fun because it bounces all around so he plays with it and then tries to get the treats out .
i feel good about the quality and mix it with canned pn food . she doesn't care for it by itself but then she doesn't like any dry dogfood .
it's beautiful , well made , colorful , and heavy . my puppy can't move it , so no more messy floors ! :) buy it .
within 20 minutes my dog had this torn apart . not as durable as you would think from this product maker .
both my cats disliked it . not worth the battle as i didnt see any improvment in any of the poor behaviors
although the cats do seem to like it , i thought it would be larger , picture is deceiving , i should have read for accurate measurements
my two dogs did not like this very much . they lost interest very quickly . i would not recommend this for your dogs .
i'd give a five for the fun my dogs had with it , but only lasted a week . better for smaller dogs .
i have not yet tried the salmon flavor yet but i will keep you updated on her reaction to these " greenies " .
these bowls do what they are designed for . they are dishwasher safe as well , which is a plus for me .
always a popular item with my orange tabby . he is getting some more for christmas . :-) i have purchased this directly from the manufacturer and essentially pets .
dogs loved it , humans not so much : ) easily fixed by taking it away when you're home and only putting it out while out .
this might be good for some puppies , but mine just picks it up and then puts it back down again . not sure why .
small enough to fit in your handbag , but enough water to keep small dogs satisfied . the bottle cap close securely , no drips
best price for a great product ... . best of all , bella ( that's my dog ) likes them ... what more can i say !
at first it was a lil to big but grew into . so easy to put on and take off . hreat price .
convenient and easy to use kit . it does require several drops of the second chemical , so it can take a few minutes to complete the test .
as i mentioned , our cats didn't like this product . that doesn't mean it is bad , but it was a waste of money .
i have purchased other bench covers for my suv and they don't stay in place ! this one does and the material is cool and very well made !
happy puppy is a good puppy , color does not bleach in sun and does not rip apart like most dog toys
timely service & very good prices . much appreciated ! will order again from this vendor . thanks very much !
my guys could that em ' or leave em ' so i don't have a positive or negative on this product . they like other things much better .
cost effective in packets of three or more . my kitty loves these treats and also good for plaque removal . the variety pack is a good choice .
bars are a little too big for my dog i guess . she doesn't like them much . i rated 4 stars based on the quality of the ingredients
i use this for a patio fountain and it works just great .. cheap and sturdy - does the job just fine .
wanted my dog to get fatty omegas , and this has all the important ones . he really likes these and thinks he's getting a treat .
a must get for your pet.my dog loves it . she slept in the bed until i bought this for her
my 81 pound female shepherd is a prolific chewer and she has not destroyed this is a couple of months now . very durable . highly recommended .
i bought this before we brought our adopted dog home . she doesn't like tug toys but it is very sturdy
well made . does a good job , & you dont have a bag laying around ! ! if you have a dog , buy one !
i thought what i was receiving was unscented , but instead turned to be grapefruit . smells kind of funky , but it cleans my dogs coat fairly well
the toothpaste is amazing for my dog , he really loves the taste . the paste is tartar control and seems to make his teeth brighter .
i ordered these for my beloved shih tzus and none fit at all . the neckline was too small and not positioned properly to the leg openings .
these are just what i expected . they are a great large siz and i have no problems with leak through .
this lasted only a day before my dog tore into it and de-stuffed the whole thing . wouldn't recommend this for a medium / large dog .
my pug loves these . great little treat for her and i know it's also helping to clean her teeth while she just likes the taste .
bought these for gifts for christmas . great size for little dogs . the dogs loved them . good quality for the price .
and it takes weeks for it to become unsmooshed ... then it's great . my dog is on it all the time now .
my dog loved this toy for the full 25 seconds that it took him to chew a hole in it and start pulling out the stuffing .
good quality , perfect quantity ! i buy these just case we have accidents . they absorb well and make for an easy clean up .
a 40lb dog will eat this in about 5 minutes - but at least they think it's yummy and it keeps them busy awhile !
threw out original one and had been using the wrong filter for my fountain and when i spotted the right ones i was thrilled
very nicely made , safety was definitely a consideration in its construction . my grey loves this for both chewing and swinging .
my fur-baby-kids didn't care for them ... and they like almost everything.if i remember right my puppy got a really soft stool from eating these.the price was good.arrived on time
have a number of these . great to clean.excellent for nail health.blue ring neck parrot never has any issues.thanks
these truly are mini so copepods and small fish love these . highly recommended off cherry shrimp , copepods , and even blue tangs .
it's easy to use and does the job well . i'm glad i invested in this instead of paying someone else to cut my pooch's nails .
my cats love these as a treat , which they get after being combed and / or getting their claws clipped . great value and convenient .
this filter is quiet and has 3 parts to it , foam , carbon and ceramic . i've had two operating for over a year with no problems .
this is not at all what i thought i was ordering . i wanted the whole heating pad , not just a cover . it's way too small anyway
kittens find this very amusing . it keeps them active and interested . i think they are also attracted by the bright colors .
really works well to keep dog's digestive tract healthy . my dog eats it sprinkled on his food and does not mind it at all .
i wanted these for my 10 year old pomeranian / shitzu mix just to help her with getting older ! she loves the taste of them
good heavy bowl for bunnies so he doesn't overturn it . however , it's very deep and my mini rex has to step in to get to his food .
these test tubes are marked at 5ml and easy to use with the api water tests . great price for 24 tubes with caps
looks good when i opened it but broke within a day , was scary as it had pices in the tank
so easy for the cats to get in and my male cat that would never use a bed loves it .
this fits perfectly in my baby's folding canvas carrier . it is soft and squishy and will be nice and comfy ! i know she will love it .
this is a fair priced product . i use this for my outdoor cats and they love it . keeps them well fed with minimal amount
dogs love them . great at cleaning their teeth . cheaper than buying them at the vet . i would recommend c . e . t . chews .
my cats love this thing ! they all try to lay on it at once . will need to order another soon . a +
great value ! the kitties are so happy to have something that stays on the perch when they are " kneading " their bedding ! ! washes well !
this product works great . i like the sprayer that comes with it . it is a gentle spray that can be aimed where it is needed .
such a bargain on a fantastic product ! ! my dogs love these and these actually lasted for a while . great deal ! ! !
this is a great heater for a larger tank . it works flawlessly and will regulate itself very well so it requires no maintenance .
works as advertised . i use in my dogs boundary collar and am very pleased in how long the batteries last
my dog loves her greenies , and it is better to buy them in a tub-pak because you get more for your money
my dog has really bad aging arthritis . this is a great product for helping with that and he is in less discomfort
and love the easy carry plastic container . it really does the job and i have some actively emiminating cats :-) .
does a good job of making a large amount of medium sized bubbles from a small air pump ( whisper 10 )
these filters work very well & so easy to use in my kitty drink fountain , and the price is fair .
easy to use gel . phelps with breath and softens that plaque so it comes off with brushing or with dental type chews .
this paste was reasonably priced and i like the smell of it . my dogs seem to like the taste of it . so i'll be buying it again !
i really love these chew toys . they're very user-friendly for large breed puppies , even heavy chewers . i don't worry about my puppies chewing on these !
this is one of our cats favourites , the bowl ( small to try to reduce over-eating ) can need filling more than once a day .
really seems to calm my cats down . there is less accidents ! ! i think there is a calming effect on my cats .
works great on my short haired dogs . now i am seeing less hair on the carpets and furniture . wish i had bought one sooner !
even though made in china we have bought the product and they seem ok . dogs love them .
this scooper actually has a measuring line inside , which eliminates any confusion when feeding your pet . this is very well made and priced nicely .
as our puppy was chewing , we tried a lot of different toys . he doesn't ever choose to chew on this one .
good for playing with a large dog . this toy is not too large and not too small to fit in a large dogs mouth .
my cat loves these . she goes crazy over it when she sees them and runs after them . they are definitely worth it for your kitty .
i ordered a white product but got a black one . i am using it and like the basic design a lot .
im never disappointed with this brand . my dogs just love these treats . and im always buying more of them highly recommend for all dog lovers
i find this easy to use . it works great for my small aquarium . i rinse it after every use , so no odor problem .
this natural balance is grain free and is very good for your dog . read the ingredients and you will be amazed . the dog eats better than we do
metal wire , and my cat doesn't notice this game . i advice to get the cat dancer the best toy i ever bought : http://www.amazon.com/cat-dancer-301-charmer-interactive/dp/b0002dhv16/ref=pd_sbs_petsupplies_1?ie=utf8=01d5gax1z8p9f8qbjm30
another successful christmas gift for my two kitties . they lick it into a soggy mess every time the feel in the mood for some catnip stimulation .
this is the second bottle i've purchased and have noticed no difference for dog or 3 cats . disappointed because so many said it worked great .
keeps litter on the mat and off the floor . ordered a second one for that reason . the cats did not hesitate to walk on the mat .
thermometer works , but is very hard to read the actual temp . you can see that it is in the " green band , " though .
purchased this for a friend's cat and she is still enjoying it several months later . very durable and high quality .
she ( my cat ) is happy with this stuff and the price was good for my budget so that makes two of us .
my 15 year old cat loves this type of scratching board . it is easy to install and lasts a very long time .
she goes crazy for these treats . i'm definitely going to buy her more and i'll try other flavors for her , too .
if you have a dog or puppy who loves to chew , then this is the toy to buy . love it .
not a miracle but this traps a lot of the litter i bought two and they fit under 3 boxes
i wasn't sure if my girls would like these but i decided to try them and they loved them so much .
it is a lot of cat nip ! i believe it could last 10 cats 5 years . it is good quality and kitties like it .
my dog did not like this toy at all for treats or play . she wouldn't even use it as a regular toy .
perfect , love it , sturdy , super easy to use and i definitely recommend it , perfect for it's price , nice & large
got this for our cats which absolutely love it and actually out pitbull loves it too so ts fun for the whole family :)
my standard poodle has sensitive skin and hates me to use a slicker brush . she feels much better about this brush and doesn't mind being combed with it .
this ' challenging toy ' didn't challenge my dogs at all they are shih tzus and had this figured out in less than 5 minutes
i bird had this ripped to pieces in seconds ! i don't think it was well made to fall apart that easy .
a lot better than frontline , this actually does control fleas and kills them like the product is advertised to do .
i like this very much and my birdie just loves it . will be ordering more as it runs out .. thanks very much for your great service .
the kittens seem to like this brand of food and are healthy . i'd like to get this in a much larger bag as i have several kittens .
bought it for gran dogs . they seemed to really like it . makes it very easy to fill up the kong with a treat .
i needed a new chain because one of mine was rusting and falling apart , i bought this and it fits and works perfectly for what the purpose was .
i do love this product and it's very helpful but i don't use it as often as i thought i would . still , it does the job .
my dog chews up every toy i get so i have had this for a few months now it seems to be ok for her
its a treat to find these things on amazon . saves running around town . i wanted to change his joint supplement .
my kitty scratches on her turbo scratcher every day , but the pads last a long time . i've very satisfied with them .
my cats were wild about it my young ferrel managed to eventually eat the tail . have new tail on order
my cats love dabird toys ... my matty was a lazy boy until we tried these . saw them on my cat from hell ... a must try ..
have been through many other flea medications and thought this would be a viable alternative to capstar . did not work well at all .
again with 8 dogs need the best buy for the money . these chews agree with them , no digestable problems , clean their teeth ! !
this is a great deal ! i have purchased this once before and will continue to buy . my rabbit is pretty happy too .
i like the idea of a leather leash but i have a smaller dog and this was too heavy . it was doable but not right so i returned it
you can't go wrong with zukes , and these chicken filets are her favorites ! ! i highly recommend these ! great company i will stick with :)
my puppy has loved this toy ... until she lost it . at least she can be excited all over again when she finds it again .
wish it was bigger and had something blocking the litter from being thrown out . it is great when it comes to cleaning .
purigen is awesome . i use it on all of my 6 aquatic tanks . i use it in hob filters and canister filters . it's awesome .
we're trying it . we started it in fall so i dont know how much grass will grow back but i dont think we are loosing any more .
my dog loves these bones . he comes running when he sees me with one . they are a great price and i will be ordering them again .
my pup is obsessed with this , and i was very excited to find such a large tub of them for her !
these balls a great ! i love them and so does my dog ! she has a lot of fun with them and they are durable ! bouncy too !
works great for our backyard dog training . have two new skittish rescue dogs and this is giving them some obstacle confidence before we join the group classes .
this works great and it's easy to clean . really efficient even in tall grass .
bella ( 4.5 lb . morkie ) loves being able to look out the window . bella can curl up and take a nap - nice size for her .
my food oriented mutt loves the peanut butter more than any other . they are very small and i don't feel guilty giving her too many .
the toy is great for keeping a pup entertained , but the plastic was not strong enough for a large breed pup .
best cat litter on the market . do yourself and your cats a favor . no dust , no odor and excepetional clumping !
i bought two of these for my inside babies , and they love them . they roll around the floor with them all the time . thanks
it is the cutest thing for small dog . the lttle face of the hedgehog is adorableand my dog loves the squeaky noise .
we love our andis clipper . this # 7 blade is just the right size for giving our westie a short summer trim .
these bags are a very impressive thickness and are a very high quality at an amazing price . i recommend highly , and plan to re-order when needed .
my cats love this glove ! i can give them an all-over massage easily , while grooming them , getting rid of excess fur . terrific .
great line of dog products ... really heavy duty , last a long time & give the pups hours & hours of chewing pleasure !
great storage for 40 lbs of dog food . it has wheels and a tight lid . even better that it is made is usa . competitively priced .
or rather , my kitten loves it . not sure why but these are her favorite toy so it was nice to stock up for so cheap .
i have tried so many tear-stain removers . angel eyes did not work . i had hopes for this , but it made th dog regurgitate . :(
my dog loved the food . and , our vet was ok with the choice . thank you for the great selection of flavors and the pricing .
put the batteries in & it started smoking & burned my hand . i wish i could give it negative stars .
my dog has allergies to grass . i use this very successfully on her paws .
cats were fascinated initially but it was too easy to reach their toys . order the bigger one - cats need a challenge .
our new puppy just loved these . she is a chewer just like any other puppy and i can't get enough of these for her to keep her busy .
the litter genie is a great product and the refills are just as easy to use as the product itself ! definitely recommended .
this is a very well made toy for cats . however the cat was not interested in it after a sort time .
good length and easy to hold onto . the right size to control a dog on a walk around the neighborhood
my coon baby loves it ... he knows it's a toy but wakes us up , just to have us wiggle it around for him ..
bought this as a starter aquarium as a gift and it was a great value . besides rocks and fish , it's got everything you need to start fish .
this product is so nice , it is great washing mt two little piggy's with it & it makes them so soft & smell real nice :)
my puppy enjoys the edible chew toy but doesn't really like chewing on the inedible version . i have ordered a package of the edible chew toys instead .
i didn't use it . i ended up returning it because it's too short to hit the bottom of my tank .
we have two of these and are cats love them . the cats will wrestle with them and wear themselves out . worth the buy .
my dog loves these . they are a bit pricey , yet worth it for a special snack . i'm sure your dog will love them .
i love lupine collars . this is the second we bought , and i will buy no other brand ! well made , and durable .
this is a well made crate . came well packaged with no damage . this crate also comes with a divider and a handle .
this is not as good as the opti soothe product for ear cleansing or soothing . the enzyme concept is sound but the product doesn't perform .
i sent this leash back because the length of the bungee ( too long ) made the loop too far away . this just wasn't for me .
the only thing that would make it better would be less holes in the arms . the ferrets come out half way and never make it to the end .
my husband ended up sawing it into two pieces which worked great for our doberman . i would recommend this to any large dog owner .
love this ! works for chickens to help heal cuts or scrapes , helps to hide them too . reduces problems thats for sure . give it a try .
this only caused my refugium to bubble over and my levels to fluctuate . did nothing to combat the hair algae .
my pug loves these - takes a little longer to chew and eat than other treats . he is always happy when he is offered these .
it works just great ; my cat just lays there and purrs , & purrs and she enjoys being brushed o . k . good
this is the best catscratcher , it was inexpensive and all inclusive , my cat likes to lay on both sides and it's fashionable !
i am sure it would be useful , but my dogs are very picky and they did not like it , would still recommend it
ok - nothing great , dogs were iffy about it.tended to have looser stools than usual.dont think i'd purchase it again . prefer holistic select or taste of the wild
have sevearl fish in a 55 gallon tank and the enjoyed them alot and the filter didn't have to be changed as much .
smell is nice and i like it . good supplement when trying to keep shedding down . second bottle i have purchased .
our dog loves these and so far cannot tear them up . she could destroy a tennis ball in seconds . ordering more ! ! !
cats love this .. mouse was a short lived item .. cats ripped it off quickly great scratching pad on tower to keep them from ruining your furniture ! !
i think our cats really appreciate this mat . their bowls no longer get pushed around when they eat . easy to clean !
my dogs absolutely love this toy , and i love the quality of west paw products , so it's a win all around .
one of the favorites they like it but tend to enjoy the furry toys better . it was a good stocking stuffer for two very spoiled young cats .
my dog gets one very morning and he knows it ! as soon as i get up he waits for his greenie ( so does the cat ! )
have been using this once a week to prevent ear infections--so far so good ! will purchase again with good pricing .
like the product but not the fact that u raised the price over $ 4.00 after i signed up for subscribe and save
nice little accessory kit for your littermaid self cleaning litterbox , the floor mat is huge , the rake us meh , the top is nice .
this is perfect , it keeps the tags separate so they aren't always making noise every time my dog moves , also glow in the dark
well constructed . i was a little worried the reflective threads wouldn't be bright enough , but they stand out very well .
we've been using these crisps in our freshwater tank , and have yet to receive a complaint about them from any of the fish .
it fits neatly into little lucy's cage and she has been happilly sleeping on it through the night . and it was cheaper than the regular pet shops .
what can i say its a scratch box , but my cats love the incline to stretch and i keep near litter box so they clean paws with it .
my cat , nellie just love this cute wubba toy , she will attack and roll around on it , lol ! she clearly approved this toy !
my dog really loved this toy especially at the beginning . he spent time pushing the toy with his nose until all the treats came out .
i had to return the first one as the stitching was undone before i ever got to use it . i ordered another on which i'll review elsewhere .
same as all the other mice cat likes to knock them under furniture and doors and what noti supposed the work great for batting about
nice looking leash with options for matching collar and harness . only wish the houndstooth pattern appeared on both sides ( opposite side is solid pink ) .
i found out about this item while visiting my son , his dog has one and my puppy would not leave it alone .
really cute ... makes a nice toy for a puppy who is perhaps missing his siblings ... well made and so soft ... i highly recommend ...
with two rescued dobermans with skin conditions , adding to their diets really keep inflamations down .
the picture was a bit deceiving . i would not purchase again . they are so skinny . tiny . i would be afraid of choking
i can't really explain it but my pigs eat these pellets much more than they do other brands like kaytee .
i have two of these ( one for the car ) because all dogs i know love these beds . she always chooses it over her other beds .
great pads for training large breed puppies . durable , holds lot of liquid , doesn't leak easily . love the convenience these offer .
my german shepherd destroys every toy . these skinneeez last a long time . he gets the squeaker out immediately but the body hangs in there .
been buying it for years with no complaints . it is the best litter i've found - minimal dust , no bugs , and worth the price .
didn't really work . they used their butt to push it up or down and go under it or on it .
i was relieved to find that my parrotlet loves this seed because it is very healthy for her . very satisfied .
very small bag of treats . my dogs loved them but i would have gotten a much better deal going with the larger bag .
i've used this brand for a very long time for my cats . it's always worked just perfectly fine although my cats aren't outside very long each day .
these wipes are too small to clean the ears and after a while , even though the jar is closed , they sort of dry out .
seems pretty well made ; they fold for easy of storage . not the nicest looking thing for the bedroom or living room , but they seem sturdy .
this is a great product , although i haven't had to use it yet , it is great to have on hand ! !
these do not last long in my house . my dogs seem to love this flavor the most . i am always seeking out the best price .
i got kong toys hoping they would be stronger . my puppy chewed up in minutesi had hoped kong toys would have held up better
we've been using this microbe lift for years in our koi pond and it really keeps the water in balance plus our koi have stayed healthy and grown well .
my grey figured out the sliding ones pretty quickly but is still working on the other ones . lol i'm using this feeder for pellets .
i bought this for my grandson's 2 month old shih tzu . she's likes the sound it makes . it's a nice babysitter while she's in her cage .
bought this for our sheba inu puppy and although it was fun for about an hour , he destroyed it far too quickly for the price paid
the cats loved it to pieces ; that is , they played , clawed , chewed until they had reduced it into a pile of little pieces .
my dog loves these ! and they are not so loud as to annoy . seems to be holding up . good price . arrived quickly . packaged well .
this worked ok , some of the fine stuff went right through it so the water ended up looking cloudy , but it did remove a lot of crud
my kiki is not a playful cat but she loves to toss this toy around . the drawback is that the string thingies pull out eventually .
great product . have a new yorkie puppy and this is amazing for cleaning up carpets . so easy to use and gets rid of smells
and works on our bijon frise . it seems to be well made and it looks like it will last a long time
kibbles n bits variety pack , 13.2- ounce cans is very good according to my two dogs , banzai and ninja , they scarf it down .
good , quality food from a good quality company . what more is there to say ? when my fish are happy , i'm happy !
the piggy didin't really care for them , but they are good , lol , everyone in my house tried them . ( dont judge me )
these help so much to keep the large particles such a cat hair from clogging the motor intake . they fit well and are easy to install .
i use these in my fish tank . they do what they are supposed to do . i've ordered several of these
some of my 14 foster cat like it . others go for the saucey foods.rather than the pates . cats are fussy in their taste .
this is just something different for my pup to chew on , but it is smaller than i expected . otherwise , i'm fine with the product
my dog really loves the power patties . i have a hard time believing the high price is justified , though , considering the source .
the puppies had a good time chewing on this teething ring toy . it has lasted well and kept two puppies quite busy ...
got it before christmas but they mostly one like to play with it as i do playing with them it fun to watch them as well as interaction with them
great product and it works . my labradoddle would jump on and run wild when guest would arrive . the collar worked great on controlling him .
these as with almost all products from fluval are high quality and reasonably priced . have used them for quite some time and will continue to do so ,
i bought this for my chihuahua puppy and it is really too large for her to use . i would not recommend this for a tiny breed .
really lightweight coat - would not do for severe weather - but we don't get that in oregon so i'll keep it as a rain jacket
my puppy couldn't have cared less avout this thing . she didn't ever touch it . she teethed with a cold washcloth .
my dog loves that she can pick this ball up because of the indentations in it . it's very cute and not as small as i thought .
this is the only product we will use for any flea problem ! does what it says it will do ! ! ! love it !
my cats absolutely love this cat toy . we have other cat toys on a wand and this one tops them all !
my cat's went straught to this foodfrom the high priced food the breeder recommended with no problems , and they love it !
furminator is an easy way to " freshen up " a dog , without bathing it ... works quickly and well on my labrador retriever .
this is a good product and works well on my dogs paws . she doesnt lick when i put it on her
they bolt onto the cage easily and they are stainless steel so they are easy to clean and a must in every cage !
my dogs really enjoy having a bed above teh concrete floor . not only that , but i am pleased they are easy to clean
i bought this for a family member's doggy . doggy seems to like it very much and plays with it frequently .
my cat absolutely loves these treats and they came in bulk ... a perfect and very convenient delivery . they are a mixture of all the seafood type treats .
good bulb ... we need higher wattage next time.good bulb ... we need higher wattage next time.good bulb ... we need higher wattage next time .
hop i can get my dog to like it she runs from the room whenever i turn it on but the product is great i recommend
birds walk on it but don't use often . they do however use the ladder part of it . i would buy again .
got these for my two dogs since the west paw hurley toy lasts so long.but these don't , had broken in half within half hour !
i've been very happy with this product . it has stopped my dogs from biting each other . thank you so much !
durable , lightweight simple long lead for recall training . under $ 10 is a better price than you will find at any pet supply store !
these r truly my cats fav toy . they can play for hours . then sleep for hours . i would def recomend these .
this doesn't say anti-furball but it works and cat has new appetite ? ? ? first dry food cat really loves that's good for him .
this product very rarely fails for me with the pickiest dogs . a real lifesaver . they love the peanut butter and the chicken .
my dogs like it , what else can i say ? i will buy more when i need it . that's all i
4 dogs later & they are still going strong ! you know its going to be good , if you buy kong !
the picture looks like a lot but it's actually really small . the treat is amazing . turtles go crazy for them .
inexpensive item and it works quite well . just be careful that you don't cut too far into your pet's nail .
this stuff really really works . shake it up , squirt it on , let it dry . it smells ok - fresh and not too strong .
i chose this brand because my dog is part of family and deserves the best . my dogs loves them because of the natural ingredients .
it seems to work ok . i'm not sure how much my dog likes the tooth paste , but it makes him let me brush his teeth .
my younger cat liked these treatsand did not have any trouble digesting them , but my older cat threw up several times after eating them .
these are an economical way to feed baby fish . package came and started to hatch food in a day . very good product .
i highly recommend this as a refill when you have used up the ammonia portion of the api master test kit .
really helps my old afghan get around . been using it for years on my oldies . they take it like candy .
my dog drinks from it every time he walks by . and it holds a good amount of water . i recommend it to everyone i meet
my old dog is just crazy about these duck treats . it's nice to be able to subscribe and save .
works as advertised causing small particles in water to clump making them easier to filter out . does a great job , rarely requiring a second application .
what a great invention . i love that i can freeze snacks for my dogs that fits perfectly into their kongs .
been using noz 2noz products for years and think they are some of the finest crates out there . like the colors too . definitly worth the price
i was recoomened to try this litter buy a ragdoll breeder , and i can't complain . does the job - everything is as claimed .
my kittens love these fish , they run around with them , sleep beside them , great toy for cats . would highly recommend .
i'm not sure i like giving up the easy throw away system . plus the old way is cleaner with less germs .
my set is left outdoors and does the job it is intended to do . ergonomic and handles a significant amount of ' dog leavings ' .
have used these before and holds the urine well and does not shred easily . nice size , and great for very young puppies to keep area clean .
inexpensive and it works great . we tried similar items in the past , but our cat just loves the cheapest and most simple one .
my puppy really enjoys this toy . he shakes it , drags it around , and makes it squeak . it's one of his favorite toys .
i had to get a refund on this product because it was significantly smaller than the size i ordered . i was very disappointed .
sorry to say , my cats found no interest . i don't know why , but they just aren't into toys.they prefer food to all toys .
works very well and is easy to use . it does run small as others have stated .
dog was not interested in this product what so ever . i do not recommend to anyone especially if you have a picky eater
the dogs really enjoyed the chews and were favored over anything but pupperonis . 4 woofs
great deal . i break them in half and feed to my pups as a treat .
my shih tzu is 11 pounds and destroyed the sqweeker within 15 minutes and tonight she was trying to eat it . thanks anyway .
i put this underneath my cat's litter box to help keep the areas clean . they work very well for that .
it might not be the absolute best , but it's fantastic for the price . i doubt that the more expensive ones are much better .
oh gosh they would eat nothing else , they get one a day and devour it in minutes .
i was as usual very pleased with the fast service and the product was as said . i would do it again .
my older cats don't care about it . i would like to get my money back but its $ 3 so thats it .
it was smaller than what i thought it would be . i have baby boxer and it was to tight for him . made for little dog .
sheltie loves this to get on and off the bed . solid , good size steps , doesn't tip . the cats use it too !
it was not good for a small dog . it is better for medium and large dogs . i will not purchase this again .
i use these in my kennal and they are great - just the right size for my little dogs . nice color .
the door on the litter box gets stuck inside the box , trapping your cat inside.avoid this product .
useful collar for training my wired fox terrie who loves to drag you when going for walks . slight improvement than using normal collar
great product , happy to find real fur mice as my cats love them . need 7 more words ... silly i'm done .
i bought this to wash my pup , who is ten years old . the fragrance is nice even after a week .
so i thought i'd give the treats a try ... sadly , no go.wouldn ' t touch the , despite being hungry.would nit buy again and i cannot recommend .
they look great and taste great , but i dont know why my dogs don't chew the thing ... just ate them so i couldn't see the dental benefit .
this is the second one we have purchased.love this ! have mulitple animals , these fit perfect under their water bowl no mess ! great ! a must have
a hard but chewy treat that my dog loves ; take a little work to eat it . large box lasts a long time .
better than always using furry mice ( and the cat doesn't like the non-furry mice ) . he chases these happily . the colors make them easy to find .
they are the correct filter for the drinkwell model i have for my cats . more importantly is i like the drinkwell fountain that they work in .
the fluvol carbon nylon bags are great for use in the cansiter filter that i use for my turtle tanks .
my cat is much happier in this carrier then the old plactic ones it made very well i just love it too
one of the longest lasting bed .. they get flat after a couple of years but we still have 2 that are 3 years old .. we love em .
dog loves tid glowing ball which is sturdy but light enough to use indoors without damaging furniture or knocking over lamps
my cats love it ! high quality wood with many areas when my cats can climb . i highly recommend this product !
our 1.5 year old lab continues to love these treats ! we've tried dozens of treats , these remain her absolute favorite !
we were amazed right away , it was the easiest assembly ever . and we almost bought the puppy apartment for 3x as much . thanks
give one a day and our little pug " bruiser " who sits anxiously waiting . his teeth benefit from his nylabone treats .
these kennels , ( 2 ) were perfect for my cats . they traveled in the car for 4k miles and never made a peep ! excellent kennel .
i keep her bones on one side and water on the other . i keep this in our play room and it looks great .
the pudge braidz are not the same as braids . my dogs shredded them in a day . it seemed like a cheap toy not a kong
i have tried this , advantage and recently , frontline tritak . i'm going to try activyl now . i'm keeping my fingers crossed .
this filter is as quiet as advertised . works well and is sturdy and of good quality . way less expensive than the local stores .
i have to give my 17 year old cats medicine in a powder form and i can mix it in this food and they will lick it all up !
what a great value ! these are lightweight and don't bother my puppy's head . any heavier bows or clips would have been to much for her .
one cat came over and sprayed right on the diffuser with the liquid in it ! go figure that out ! ginger
the dog / puppy loves these vitamins . each morning he awaits the tablets before he will eat anything else . i recommend highly .
this and the red snake have lasted very long and repeated puppy abuse . great product . highly recommend it to anyone .
not really , but this toy is one of my boy's favorites , and i like it b / c it's just plain fun .
this product is awesome ! i used this to train my cat , she knows more tricks than most dogs ! a great tool !
good deal , gat quality . made in the usa too ! we use it for training our big pup , works great to wrap around you .
my cats love this grass . i have the luxury of a greenhouse to grow it in , so has worked out well !
long time favorite vitamin . love the quality and my dogs love the taste . my finicky smaller breed will not eat them but the larger breeds love them !
these pads make it very easy to use . if you do not want to use the liquid cleaner . it is very easy to use .
i keep this in my kitchen pantry closet . i buy the largest size bag of food because it's more economical and this helps me to keep it fresh .
my dogs love it . they nibble on it all day long . i have three dogsa chihuahua , a shepherd mix and a afin pincher all threelike it .
fancy fest offers 3 flavors which gives my " matt the cat " a lot of variety , and he's pretty persnickety about his eating .
i have 4 dogs and they all love these . the two small ones are able to chew and munch easily while the two big ones gnaw away .
my dog has always loved greenies , so i was very happy to find them on amazon for a great price
i foster puppies and they come from animal control malnourished , this is an excellent boost to their system right when they need it .
cat had absolutely no interest in it . waste of money and materials . she ignores and i wonder if the material it is made of is the problem .
the cat that we wanted to eat this just plain refuses but our dog loves it . go figure . take your risk-you never know .
on the fence , my cat still pukes , but not sure if it is because she is overeating ! the rest of the cats love it .
these are our favorite nail clippers . so comfortable to hold and cut very well . the added nail file is a plus as well .
takes away all of the puppy odors that we have encountered so far on our hardwood floor , rugs , laminate , furniture ... the list goes on :)
this is doing what it should be doing and we love this , good quality , well made . etc . thanks
i have not tried these capsules in warm weather yet , but i like the fact that they are safe to use !
great for a puppy--stays put on the floor while they are eating . cleans up easily--i am very pleased . great price too .
my puppy just loves it . i squeeze it onto my finger , and apply it to the roof of his mouth .
their favorite is the grilled but this is a great 2nd place treat . enough gravy to give them some liquid . so easy buying from amazon .
dog will probably love them , but beware ! i also bought the pet n shape skewers which are also not made in usa . tossed all
i imagine cats like variety as much as we do . at least that's what it looked like when roxy and harpo gobbled their dishes clean .
ok for the furniture and smaller areas , but labor intensive . i am impressed that it found hair where my pet broom missed
my dog didn't like this toy for whatever reason . the quality is good though , and most dogs would probably get a kick out of it .
i really like this product and i think my dogs will love it ! very happy with item ! highly recommended ! ! thank you !
my 2nd fluval heater seems to be working fine . this 150w heater is keeping a steady temp in my 40g breeder .
doesn't work any better than what we've always used . ( advantage ) but it costs less , so we decided to try it .
this toy is holding up very well . all the kong toys seem to last . my dogs , jack russell terriers , like the small size .
i could not get it to fit right on my dog and it broke when he tried to bark once .
i wound up cleaning it all the time , too scary if you should drop it ; cats wanted to play with the water , so can be messy .
kept my 60 gallon water pristine and clear . this stuff works in keeping the algae to minimum . less algae , less clean up time .
our dog needs this daily since she has had ( 2 ) acl surgeries . we can tell she walks better when she takes this .
i should of paid more attention that this was only a cup to small for what i need it for but will think of something for the cats
wish they were thicker and the squeaker piece didn't come out so easily . but might just be my dogs . the yorkie destroyers .
i am trying out several of the halo cat foods and haven't had a chance yet to try this one out . more to come later .
these are strong , larger bags that do their job . highly recommend buying in bulk , it's never fun running out !
i had read article that this was not good for birds ( ingredients ) so i don't think i will purchase again
i've had this product for a couple of months now and i have been very happy with it . it's easy to use and it contains the smell .
love this product ! easy to fill and fairly easy to clean . and my cat loves it ! this was a good purchase
i have fnaly made all my tanks use these there durable compared to marinland or topfin and there easy to seed
good cleaning with a product that is good for your dog - fact is that he loves to lick it ..
nice size for my american terrier ... so far has held up well . she loves toys that squeak and keeps her busy .
this is my third one of these and i've found they last several years . they keep what you are storing dry and safe .
we have tried all the flavors for our dog and he enjoys them . i like the size , for calorie control , and the ingredients , no junk !
my cat learned to use them almost the first day , and it really helps her get to he favorite spot to sleep .
fast deliver .. product works great ! satisfied beyond my expectations.had no negative reactions on my cat . i would def buy this product again .
i like not having litter tracked everywhere and these pads work really well at absorbing the smell from the urine .
the rubber base came wrinkled so it is off kilter and is easily knocked over . besides cat lost interest immediately .
my previous cat dancer lasted about 20 years before the cardboard doo-dads came off the ends ! i'm glad this simple toy is still available .
they seem a bit expensive but my dog wont eat greenies so i tried these . she loves these . not much else to say .
another great toy for cats . the bright colors and the type of fabric make it a great chasing toy . will get another one soon .
my dog liked the flavor of this tablet so i didn't have to hide it in her food or anything . it worked immediately without any adverse side effects .
this pet bed was for my cat bootsie , she slept in it once , now my cat jasper took it over he loves it ,
i love these cards . they are really well made and professionial . i know already that they are going to really help in my traveling with my dog .
the rabbits love to eat these and gives a texture variety so the rabbits don't get bored eating their hay .
delivery was a little late but for the price it is worth the wait . i will order this again without a doubt if its at this price .
the house cats love this flavor . if i watch , amazon will have it at a price that cannot be beat . this food is long gone .
fits great has a very nice weight sturdy but not too heavy . shipped and received very qiickly would definately recommend to my friends and family
my kitties love this mix and start to prance around when it is opened . great job meow mix . lol ! lol ! !
carries them all over the house--in and out of her bed--have to watch not to trip on them ! !
another great treat fro your puppy dogs . mine loved them and wolfed for more . made in usa i wont buy anything from china
these work great for clipping down english angora rabbits ! light weight too and easy to use with or without cord
this is the first flea control we've used on our new dog . it appears to be doing its job very well .
excellent food for my wonderful dog . my vet agrees that it is a reasonably priced excellent dog food.and you can't beat the price !
my puppy is an avid chewer and this is just not going to last . it's already cracked . lasted a good 5 days .
this has kept my water clear and clean . its cheaper in the long run . im spending less now that i have this product . really great design .
much less than smaller products at the pet store . great value and fish love it . recommended for a balanced diet .
it would be great if it stayed open . it crinkles and is soft on the inside the opening just won't stay open .
this is much better than my last one that rusted . i've used it for months and it's easy to use .
my dogs will eat anything , but i like these treats because they are good quality and made of good ingredients .
it's ok , does not work like they say but it does help a little ... i would not recommend or buy this again .
best water in motion water stays fresh weekly cleaning not hard to so . make me feel good that my pet have fresh water
scooter likes the littlt ceaser moist meals . he has one of these for dinner at dinner time with mommy and daddy .
the big dogs like it . it is warm and cool . they seem comfortable on this bed . seems to be well-built .
used to have a smelly plastic one that was way too small . this is sturdy and quick and catches everything . i highly recommend over any plastic one .
my dog is a heavy chewier and destroys just about all toys and balls . so far these have lasted.if you are looking at these consider the whistler version .
this was a great help with both cats . they are finicky but this worked out just fine for both of them .
the door guard fit my 2002 avalanche perfectly and was extremely easy to install . i would recommend this product to anyone wanting to protect their rear doors .
good idea , but my 30lb dog chewed it up pretty quickly . for it being a kong , i was surprised at how un-durable it was . :(
this is a great canine toothpaste , in fact they almost like the flavor too much so often have to double load the brush .
we needed a replacement pan and ordered this one , have been very happy has held up well under the pressure of my large dogs . would recommend .
my cat kicks this thing off of the bed and she lays on my son's covers that are black and she is white and gray ...
these pads absorb twice the " liquid " of any other brand out there . they are worth every penny you spend on them .
my cats love this toy i will be ordering more my cats played with it for a long time . wow
our two mini dachshunds , joey and chloe lllooovvveee these treats . the perfect sized treat for these two lovable siblings . soft and stay fresh .
it was a little expensive , but the bird's loved it . i had house finches , chickadees and cardinals coming to the feeder .
made my dog's excrement black . i guess that's normal ? he liked them alright . i don't think he liked them particularly more than any other treats .
i have been using this product for a long time and it really works . i just sprinkle it on my dog's food and she loves it .
actually using these in the filter system to keep parts of the bio area airated . air bubbles from end to end
my cats love grocery store bags . and we spray down half the house with catnip.these bags did nothing for them . even after i sprayed them.save your money .
i bought this for a jack russel puppy . i liked the adjustability aspect , but she could wiggle her way out of this
this thing is great . it makes the dog think and our dog has it down to a science . fantastic at best .
newman's own organics turkey formula for cats , 5.5- ounce tins ( pack of 24 ) this does not contain any anti-nutrient soy products .
my dogs liked these . i had heard that buffalo bones last longer .. i found this to be true . no problems
my cat likes this product and likes chasing after the beam . the product itself is cute . i recommend this toy .
used this brand for a while now and i have nothing negative to say . their products work fast and easy to administer for our babies .
too cute of a t-shirt . fits true to size and very much worth the price . its a heart stealer and cute
these are for my dog sly . he absolutely loves them . waits for them every morning . are they addictive ? just wondering ! :)
i purchase these very often for my two large dogs . they are a great treat as well as being good for their teeth . highly recommend .
tried it near cat litter and noticed absolutely no difference in foul odors . baking soda is better than this stuff
i am very happy with my stainless steel food bowl . it's easy to clean and does what it's supposed to do . good quality .
it lasts a long time . i wouldn't recommend planting too much at a time because once they start chewing it , it starts to wither fast .
bought this for my indoor cat so i could see and hear her in the dark . very nice quality and cute design . definitely reflects and glows .
this would have gotten five stars because my cats love it , but it's only getting three because it's processed in china ( ! ! ! )
cats are not too interested in this toy even when it is filled with treats ! not sure why , but it was a no go .
i am trying to train my dog and needed a longer lead for some of the procedures and this was ideal for what i was doing .
can't say first hand how these taste , but my cats do come running at treat time . the love these treats .
same product as the local pet store , priced matched and and i did not have to drive anywhere to pick it up
this stuff made more poor doggy's ears itch like crazy . she was shaking her head all night after i used it . what a waste .
good quality and our dogs will eat it . many dry dog foods they just turn their noses up to .
puppy had this chewed up in no time . maybe for a very young pup , under 3 months otherwise don't think will last .
great mat , keeps any drips contained and off the floor and even keeps the vibration down so there is even less sound .
my cichlids love these ( as do all my other fish ) , and the price was better than the local pet stores ' prices .
this toy is nice . the ball itself is still in excellent shape . the stuff inside had crinkled up to nothing within two days
very happy with this purchase ... definitely recommend ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
have had a drinkwell fountain for my cats for years . these replacement cartridges work great and keep the water clean .
its not got any super great aroma but it works well and its not gonna kill my pets i have to say i like it
the catnip just does not wear out ... just squeeze it a bit which stimulates the scent and your cat will love it all over again
this is not sturdy . this is cheap fake wood . this almost killed my dog . don't buy faulty product . it will hurt your pet and wallet .
my dog loves this bird house . i also stuff her other small toys in there , she loves trying to get them out !
long lasting hose and 25 feet long . clear see-threw ! standard hose for all air pumps great deal for price ! easy to cut !
' seems to work ok , but i recommend a couple applications to ensure complete removal of odors . great natural product .
the 220 gallon skimmer is much better . this one does the job but also throws way to many excessive bubbles , more than most others !
this toy is great with dogs . i have seven dogs and the toy remains in one piece with even tough playing !
great product . i have used other products and think this is the best . i highly recommend it and would buy it again .
they smell bad ( fishy ? ) and can be kinda flakey / messy but my cat loves them . she's kinda picky when it comes to these things .
strong , does not bend when you are scooping or scraping up a big clump . you can finish the nasty task faster .
she had a football one that actually lasted longer . this one she broke apart . she had fun with it while it lasted
i got a shelter dog that had a terrible yeast infection ( inside and out ) , and this food is making a huge difference .
we put ours by our living room window and our cats can sit there and watch the birds and other local traffic travel by all day .
this is a good product and way better for dogs than the bleached rawhide , but you can get them cheaper at target .
we needed containers that would keep ants out and this works perfectly ! mine came with a scoop which was nice .
this dog toy is loved by the heeler that got it for christmas . she carries it around and makes it squeak . she is very happy .
disappointed kyjen , so small ... can hardly hear any sound . this must be one of your first toys that you " learned " off of .
this is the best i've ever used for my dog . it is very dependable . to me this is an absolute necessity .
my fish are so much more colorful now that i have been using this food for a while . i am recommending this product for all tropical fish .
my cats like this , but it's too easy to get the food out . there need to be more levels or toys inside , etc .
no issuesno reactionworks goodso farno smellseems to workindoor cat so not too sure about outdoors but i use same on my dogs with no problems
just the right size for my little dog . i never gave her peanut butter flavored treats before but she enjoys them more than traditional milk flavored biscuits .
cats loved this purchase ... were playing with these from the moment i tossed them onto the floor ... a cat nip delight for any feline furbaby
i have a 15 year old cat who needs a baby aspirin every day for her arthritis . these work well
great one . must watch the video to see how it works . bought it with the flexi leash accessory bag-black for additional $ 6 , but totally worth it
smells like mice were douzed in kerosene or some other chemical perhaps bug spray . too dangerous to chance giving to cats to play with for christmas
i think a few other reviewers have mentioned this but the way to save on buying replacement ' stickers ' is to vacuum out hair accumulation .
love this stuff ! it actually clumps and doesn't leave all kinds of bits behind ! doesn't start to smell and the cats like it !
one 58 pound mixed breed and 2 chi babies all like this food and it is rated well on nutrition on analysis sites
i have a staffordshire terrier and it is not enough to keep her in the back seat . i would think for a smaller dog it would be fine .
does a great job on my shi tzu . i need better trimming skils but the trimmer is great .
works like a champ for hatching brine shrimp , and super quiet . can't be heard more than a few feet away aside from the bubbles themselves .
it works fine for a quick glance my digital one is more acurate but this ones within a few degrees .
my dogs can't get enough of these . this is by far their favorite treat . not a bad price either . i would recommend
this product was received exactly as i expected it to be . the right size and media . no surprises when ordering this .
works well to let my 120 lb sheppard have more leash to run with as we work on his training . very well made .
most cats love strings , mine is no exception . he loves this toy . he will even use it himself by pulling it all around the house .
lilly used this a few times but only on the face . it dosen't really substitue for brushing . wouldn't buy again .
this was pretty fun for my dogs but they did destroy it fairly quickly . wish it was more durable as the shape and size is great .
my puppy loves this . it keeps him from trying to sit on my lap while i " m driving . i love it too ! !
perfect size and style the cats like very much.this is what i will purchase in the future.thank you
love it so cute and great quality . my boston fiona looks great and it keeps her today warm . love the depth if the colir
ok i suppose but nothing to rave about . once the novelty wears off my dogs just leave them laying around .
my bichon loved it . he keeps it on and it keeps him warm . fit is great.zack and zoey polyester coat is great .
i really like this spray it has a very good sent that smells good on my pets . and it keep fleas off of them .
i got these for the first time , and they are great for dogs that love to chew . both my dogs liked them and i will buy again .
these are good size , even for my big furchildren . they love lounging on them and they have held up well so far
this is a great product . the cats went right to it . so far it has been one of their favorite treats .
this is easy to put together and very solid for the price . the toroise seems to like it and it makes it easier to take care of .
excellent martingale collar ! i love that this is available in cute patterns . $ 9.95 is a bargain price for being " made in the usa " .
3 cats and at least 1 large possum enjoy this cat food at all times . i fill and outdoor feeder so they can eat whenever they are hungry .
this air stone is great . it puts out a nice sheet of bubbles , if that is what you are looking for .
cat likes to hang out in the bag when not in use . he likes the soft bottom and the mesh sides . eases tension during traveling .
my dog is obsessed with this toy . would highly recommend . it is very durable and flies real well . get it !
our cats choose these as the best balls . something about them being wool i'd guess . bright colors too . i'd buy again
i've had these for years . my last one finally broke after 10 + years . this was a replacement for my old one .
i wish these weren't so fine . they fall right thu the basket . more i rinse off it goes down the drain .
we actually got this as a replacement toy for a nearly identical item purchased years ago . kitty loved this one just as much as the last .
perfect chew for small bored dogs . highly recommended definitely repurchase ! the y shape gives the dog a grip to hold on .
our pup is comfortable in this carrier and likes playing in it too ! well made and reasonably priced . would recommend to others .
my dog love's love's love's these and i can't express it any other way . now to try something like this with other flavors i will be all set
this toy is great ! my dogs love it ! they generally destroy their toys really fast , and haven't even made a dent in this one !
my dogs get so excited when i pull out these treats for them . it keeps them busy for 20 mins when i place them in the recommended toys .
didnt even last the month before it broke . its possible i just got a bad one , but either way its broken
is nice and warm but it is running really to small i have yo order 2 druze more . but it is warm for winter
my husband wanted to make our own stand for this guy using pcp pipe ... don't . but it works as advertised and is very sturdy .
we are always happy with zuke . perfect size . my dog loves zukes . ihope it will soon have treats with fruit and vegetable .
i got this a while ago , i'm still using it as my dogs primary leash.it is very well made , lasts forever .
my two cats absolutely love this toy and wait for me to play with them every night .
bought for our cats , and they seem to love it . love the stainless steel and it seems like it is easy to keep clean .
our dogs have been itching since we used this product . it did smell very nice and the perfume remains in the dog's fur for a couple of days .
installation is straight forward . spray is rather weak for hosing down a largish dirty dog , but it does the job .
i love this little dog crate mat . it doesn't slide around in the crate light some mat do .
lulu's a small rat terrier mix . she needs a tiny toy and this is perfect ! we keep a stack of them !
i love this equipment and shampoo ! it make the job so much faster & easier ! as a pet groomer , ease & quickness are very important !
these pill pockets can make anything taste better though the beef is a bit greasy this is a greenies product i recommend
the idea of this product is excellent . however , it doesn't deter my cats at all . they seem to enjoy walking on it and laying on it .
i docked this 1 star because the missing factor is being biodegradable ! it gets 4 stars for the nice scent though :)
my fish love this , also contains larger flakes specially produced for some large cichlids . enhances my fishcolor as well .
it must have worked because i did not see any fleas or tics on my pets . there was no adverse reaction so i have no complaints
the treats are fresh and easy to break into smaller pieces for dogs who are weight conscious like mine . wellness is a quality brand that i trust .
you can't go wrong with zukes , in any flavor or variety . our sweet ember and every dog that comes to visit gives zukes 2 thumbs up !
this is one of the few treats that my dog doesn't devour in less than a few minutes . will buy again and again .
this might fit my pug chihuahua mix the one i ordered for him wouldn't even fit over his neck it was really tight
this was the perfect size for my puppy . it is easy to clean . it keeps my puppy entertained for hours at a time
great dog toy . dogs destroy things and mine just so happens to do it faster . its easy to repair and fun to play with
always forgetting cat treats at the market i have come to realize this is the best way not to forget . my cat loves me more now .
this works great for putting in the puppy kong , keeps our puppy occupied for quite a while , and helps occupy his time while in his crate .
my cats love these toys . they squeak like a real animal and small enough for them to throw them around .
great little kit . definitely helped with establishing my tank . allowed me to tell when it was fully cycled . would recommend
this isn't his go-to toy , but he does enjoy it . he tends to enjoy it most , late at night when everybody is trying to sleep though .
quiet and works well . it replaced another pump that managed to get itself clogged up and is pumping away and making my fish happy.tonyb
good size for my dachshund . easy to fill and clean . has a built in filter . fancy lol . quality built . would recommend to others .
haven't needed this yet , but i like this product line . hopefully , my puppy won't need it :) but it's here if she does .
just the right size for my little dog . he really enjoys the bones and i enjoy the price ! will purchase again .
this product was okay . dogs did like them but they are very messy and do not hold up well and tend to fall apart easily .
great crate ! easy to put together & love the ' double latch ' on the door ! thanks for a great product !
my cats still have fleas ! and they have been on this for 2 months now i wont buy it again
my cats get really high off of this catnip , so i assume that they love it .
only gave $ 25 for this little aquarium and other than gravel it comes with everything you need . this is perfect for a kids bedroom or office .
its the wrong size . i went to a local pet store and got the right one . i guess yours is ok .
these work . you can test it by blowing into the end and trying to suck air through.some of these make funny squeaking sounds .
i have 3 cats and a dog who all eat halo . they love it ! their fur glistens and is as soft as a baby bunny .
starting working after about two weeks and my 15 - year-old dog has had no more accidents at night . highly recommended to try it .
this product along with pedigree denta stixs seems to help keep it in check . it seems safer than having a cleaning at the vet .
my cat really likes this toy , she has it almost worn out ... i am sure its the cat nip that makes her interested .
my dogs ripped it open and pulled out the stuffing within an hour ... they do still play with the outer part of it .
this is the only cat food my 8 year old cat can eat . his little mouth loves this food ! great .
my dog loves this bone and he usually chews through every toy i give him but this one really lasted .
took the pup to palm springs for a week . very short , white hair . she didn't get burned . smells nice too .
not what i was expecting ... i measured as instructed to do so , but it was not the correct size unfortunately
i think the dog feels these are esp made for him .. hes happy i'm happy .. it works for both of us ..
she pings them every where , watch out ! kidding they don't hurt but will surprise you !
this is what a was looking for ! , such a good material and all the hair remains on it and not in my car .
this is used for my dog's water dish . keeps spilled water contained . well packaged , quickly shipped . i'm very happy with the quality of this mat .
great product for stinky cat poop ! been using it for about 2 weeks and it is really helping . great price too .
this calcium powder is convenient and my tortoises love to eat their food with this sprinkled on top . i am very satisfied with this high quality product .
this stuff really works and the dog has no trouble getting it down . i just slip it into his food and he never knows its there
these broke the first time i used them . when i pulled from my phone , the wires pulled out form the connector part . waste of time and money
my sadie loves this , she wears this when we go for our walks . it keeps the sun out of her eyes .
this is really good litter with little dust which causes me breathing issues . it clumps up well and lasts a good while .
this seems to be a good conditioner , but i was expecting it to have a little more of scent when on my dog .
i think my hamster liked the pine chips better . it's what she makes her nests out of . but it works well . i mix them together .
unfortunately none of my animals would touch this stuff even if their life depended on it ! such a shame because i'm sure it works great .
as expected great for the chickens and the turtles for some extra protein and a tasty treat everyone is happy !
i dust super worms and meal worms twice per week for all of my leopard geckos and bearded dragons using this powder . they are all happy and healthy .
great price item and works just like the ones u get at your local vet but 1/2 of the cost if not more
dingo twist treat sticks , rawhide chews with chicken . 10 oz ( 50 - pack ) ... a favorite of my 4 puppies ... a +
lasted about a week before my dogs became bored by it . my shorkie had it figured out in about 15 minutes .
for two cats christmas gift hours of fun . like that you can add more pieces and other toys for entertainment .
i'm so happy to have been turned on to the harness by my vet ! ! i take my shepherd for a walk & he does great with it .
i have two gsd and they both eat them up quickly . the price is kind of high for the amount you get , but otherwise nice treat .
this is tiny but a great toy for keeping the pup occupied . i gave it as a christmas present in the stocking .
i have used small container stress zyme for years to condition my fresh water aquarium . it is economical and it won't lose activities even for long time storage .
this is fantastic and i use it every other day ! the dog does not care where i use it she just likes it !
we have two small dogs ( 20lbs ) and this is a great little toy for them , especially for the price !
have only used on my daschund once since purchased ; but noticed way less shedding . follow directions if you want to work . was really very satisfied .
i ended up giving these to my mom who has jack russells . they were too small for my lab and gsp , but we love nylabones .
we bought this for my kitty who had a uti and he loved it ! i didnt know friskies had a special variety for uti health !
the only problem i have is the back wont stay up after you sit down . you have to straighten the slipcover after use every use .
works very well and i am very satisfied with the product , as i have 4 very messy cats who keep me busy cleaning spots on the carpet !
when i bought these it was a great deal ! my doggy loves them and i love the product as well .
oxbow is a good name in cavy foods . our guinea pigs eat these pellets avidly and the nutrition provided is solid .
this is a back up unit since our dog loves chewing things up . have not had to use it just yet since its a backup unit .
my pit bull loves these toys and doesn't destroy them like every other ball i have bought her .
een though my can fit the weight recommended . it was too small for her to turn around or stand . very cramped .
i have it in a 29 gallon , and it works quite well . lots of power , and not noisy . easy to set up in minutes .
just as noted ! it cleans came in a sealed package , the magnet is strong just as you would expect . fast
great product ... how ever , it should be flat on bottom on the inside ... easier to scoop a flat surface ... overall great .
when our dog is shaved and weather is cool , this fills the bill and keeps her warm she also actually likes wearing it !
bought this for my cats love it and it works great does everything it promises to do and they love the flavor
german shepherd destroyed it in half an hour . i thought being a kong product it would be much more durable but alas ... not
the dogs love to eat them but to be honest i don't think it had any effect on their breath !
my dog loves it . but i got pink . very well made . my dog is a very strong chewer and as barely touched it .
turtles love it . drop some in and they go eating it immediately . best brand for red shrimps that i can find .
circulates the tank amazingly , all corals get great water flow . i use this in my 10 gallon and it is a perfect fit .
returned the product because it was so small . i needed a water dish for my two cats and it just did not fit the bill .
my dog loved this monkey . i would have given 5 stars but he ripped it to pieces within a week or so .
love the conditioner , as it makes my havanese silky looking . the only negative is that the scent doesn't last a week til his next bath .
my puppy just loves to chew on these teething rings . it must feel good on his gums . he spends hours gnawing away . i highly recommend
a great value for what they do , and do not be afraid to rinse them off with a strong stream of water and reuse them .
this is one of my puppies favorite toys , he will take it around the house with him and ask me to play with him .
my dogs just love this treat . , i will order these again , like i have been doing . i order all the time .
what can i say ? the price was right , it's easy to use , and does what it is suppose to do !
my puppy had major issues and was in despair . this really works ! ! ! new and old stains disappear . just a fabulous product .
i'm saving these for later , but i must say that they are well made , colorful , and i'm sure my dog will love them .
these pads are more reasonably priced , but are not the top quality that nature's miracle can be . keep checking amazon for sales .
the best coupler i've ever used . love the design of this coupler . it never gets tangled and i like the fact that it's adjustable on both sides .
dvd was interesting altho he doesn't use any treats . the collar is horrible and painful on my puppy . i would not recommend .
as advertised and for normal dog perhaps fine ... but not for my chewer who ripped it to shreds before the first day was out .
this collar looks great on my girl cat and seems to hold up fairly well . i like the release feature the most !
my cat is normal in size and this is so tight i'm getting a different one . it's pretty and i guess fine for a small cat .
each week i look for a 16 pound of dry cat food that is cheaper than safeway brand.this bag was 8.99 compared to my store band of 11.99 .
my dog is very prone to ticks especially , and this works very well for keeping fleas and ticks off of her .
tried this cat food for tony the cat . he didn't like it so much . wouldn't buy it again .
this is a perfect collar for my new great pyrenees puppy ! the pink camo bones are exactly what i was looking for . i love it .
it is a very comfortable carrier . i feel comfortable having it on me and my dog feels comfortable in it .
i got this for my boston terrier mix - she has to be stylish and she's kind of into the retro look , which i appreciate as well
worked great at first but blinks in and out after a very short period of time . our cat and dog both loved this !
i tried this on my dog with separation anxiety . does not work.kind of sad it didnt though , still have half a bottle left .
this leash connected is perfect for running or walking with a large dog and not wishing to hold onto a leash .
well , my dogs have very few flea issues this year and i have to say that it is in part to using this product .
excellent product ... have 2 of them . however , i have hung them off my wall on brackets . it's great ...
i call them chicken chips and my dog augie eats them like cookies . i give them to him after his walks and he gobbles them up .
perfect for protecting my home during this messy potty training phase . tried other brands , but this is by far the best !
the four cats checked it out when it was new , and quickly lost interest . they were more enthused about the box it came in :-)
my dogs love tug toys and this was great . helps o keep them busy . so glad i was able to find at such a good price .
slides easily , but it has held up well to outdoor weather . used for a golden retriever , and fits his one and a half cup feedings well .
maybe this just isn't right for a corgi . for us the comb did nothing , i much prefer the furminator style for our dog .
my dog was not feeling so well and appetite was gone but this she ate with no problem . easy to digest as well to get needed calories
this little guy is very cute and my golden pup loved him , maybe a little too much . he survived about 3 days - not for tough chewers
had to replace my outside filter on my aquarium . thought i'd try something a little different . this installs easily and works extremely well .
this really works on those ' accidents ' . once it dries most of the smells are gone too . this size lasts me for years !
i buy these often for my limited diet cats - and they are great quality - but i feel like they are pretty expensive .
my cat takes this daily and based on his vet , it is working great for him .
i had a different one several years ago that died after the first year . this one has lasted so far into the 2nd year .
nice quality , loved by cats and dogs . washable with removable pillow inside . great way for pets to stay warm and feel secure .
i really like this for my three pound yorkie . super cute and stylish ! the stainless steel bowls are removable for easy cleaning and refilling .
i use this on my dog who has spondyloses that can cause other injuries . this helps with her pain and is not dangerous for her stomach .
wow when the reviews said it was big.it is big . wonderful construction and it packs so neatly . love it and best of all my gsd loves it .
highly recommended by serious betta owners as one of the most nutritious foods available aside from live . certainly add this to your betta's diet over other brands !
cats enjoying this crazy toy ! i'm sure they'll get tired of it all soon enough but for now they're having fun
it's great when you have 2 dogs who like to go in opposite directions ! now they have only each other to pull from .
my dogs do like jerky , although they don't like some of the other mixture type bones and treats . i try everything .
i have three rat terriers who love this dog food . they can't get enough of it so i have to premeasure .
since nobody seems to carries live daphnia these days i now use freeze dried and the fish seem to love it .
my little dog loves these . they are soft enough to break into smaller pieces , and firm enough to provide a good chew !
makes a difference in energy levels and health of kittens that adult foods can't provide . used these up to one year and it was still making a difference
overall happy with this food for my beloved fishies.would definitely buy this again . thanks ! and also my shrimp love this
good product , good price . would purchase again.the fish gobble it up fast and appear very happy.thanks for it .
my cats loved this toy so much that one of them jumped into the amazon box to play with it ! :)
my finicky cat eats these up and they have kept the eye infections away ! ! i think this is a great product
my dog plays with these colorful balls often . this is a great addition to his list of toys around here .
our dog loves these ! keeps her occupied for the longest time and she loves playing keep away . very strudy and easy to keep clean
good taste , loves to lick until there is a whole in the center . definitely cheaper here than in the pet store . a must purchase .
not as good as a real shampoo and rinse , but it worked . my longhaired calico much appreciated not having to be bathed !
not as described & pictured . horns are quartered not halved which iis the difference between a one hour chew and a multi month chew . returned .
tried several different filters before getting this one . after several attempts at getting the tank clear this is the only fllter that worked
karen pryor's clickers are the best that i have used--easy to handle ; sharp , clear click . i have 5 or 6 !
creates nice small bubbles that makes a nice air bubble curtain in the back of the aquarium . some of the fish like to swim through it .
squeakers punctured very fast which translated into my puppy ripping it open immediately to investigate the problem .
this is a good quality food but it didn't agree with my cats digestive system and gave her very foul smelling bms .
great product ! my puppy loves the poultry flavor and seems to be taking to brushing her teeth very well ! on time shipment .
my dog is very happy with this treat ... and he isn't as able to gobble down so quickly . the dingo brand seems to be his favorite .
our mini dachshunds enjoyed for a short time until they were able to bite through to get to the squeaker . no squeaker , no interest .
it's airline tubing . worked as intended.it ' s nice and thick . not cheap . i suggest buying 2 sets of airline tubing
i find this product is working and it is much cheaper than the spot on products . it is easy to mix into food and doesn't smell .
my labradoodle love this toy . it's large enough to he can't swallow it and he hasn't destroy any part of it yet . made well .
good product . it helped reduced the nitrate from saltwater tank , but there were rocks that did not belong in there .
love this ear cleaner ! its natural , smells great , cleans real good , and keeps odor away for 1-2 weeks - smells clean & refreshing
my pommeranian loves this ball ! she chews it all the time and it has shown to be extremely durable so far , it's been 5 months !
this took only about ten minutes to put together ! it's super sturdy and well-made . i'm excited to watch buddy make good use of it .
my corgi loves these sticks ! takes her about 3 minutes to eat one , as they are pretty soft . i'm glad it's made in the usa !
these dog toys are tough . the material and stitching are fantastic . bamboo pet does a great job making dog toys that last .
my five cats become so crazy playing with this laser toy . i love the bolt laser toy , no more bore cats ! !
makes my cat jump around and chase it non stop . i feel that this is the only toy that challenges her .
i love this cat food . i will only feed my cats this and science diet hairball control . i fill their dishes every morning .
my dog loves them . what else is there to say . i would recommend them to everyone with a dog that enjoys treats
my cat loves these feathers ... so glad they make replacements because he loves them so much , he demolishes them ! pretty blue color , too !
my dogs love stuff animal toys but they always manager to chew through it within a few minutes . i wish i can find something more durable
i wish the scent lasted longer and the conditioner were more powerful , but it has a great lather and rinses away easily .
this is a geat price for the value and my cats like it a lot . i can get it shipped for free with prime and save gas too !
first off remember this is mall but it does what it needs to do and it looks great . great price .
this toy held up to my lab mix who chews up and eats everything in . 2 seconds . this is a highly recommended toy for agressive chewers .
my dogs love the internal squeaker and i love that they haven't ripped it apart in order to get the squeaker
the person i gave it to love it . her puppy started eating out of it immediately and it fit perfectly in the kitchen
pump is quiet works amazingly . it is very easy to adjust how much air gets out just turn the dial on top
my yorkie poo just loves this . it is small and easy for her to use for teething . she carries it everywhere ! !
if you have an extended cab truck and want to use this don't buy it ! ! ! i had to return it the hold downs ripped right off
was great for the price ... i would order again . but i wish it had a little more substance ... like more peanuts and more chiles ...
use this in my mechanical filter , works well and water is clean . easy to use after quick rinse price was good
great company that consistently puts out great products . my dogs love the product and i love the quality . i always re-order .
i keep this outside and it has held up very well . it makes it so easy to scoop our dogs poop . really nice ! !
most dogs enjoy the dingo treats . my little shih-tzu looks forward to this treat , especially when we're eating our dinner . he also enjoys the chicken dingos .
i love these bowls . not only i are these bowls durable and slip resistant i also put mine in the dishwasher to be washed .
cute , fun , well made . came in a good amount of time . my dog loves playing tug of war with this critter .
these cartridges are cheap and easy to install but they clog fast . i have them on a monthly delivery which equals one filter every 1-2 weeks .
this product worked ok for awhile but then it stopped working . it did act as a good barking deterrent and left the house smelling of citrus .
she play with for a day or so until the squeaker goes out and stops making a noise then she is done with it
this is a great leash ! durably made , looks great on , works well ! i've received many compliments and inquiries as to where i got it .
my cats loved it ! i feel i will buy this product again in the future . i hope this company never stops making this wonderful product !
much better than constantly going to the pet store for much more expensive food . i have 4 turtles in a pond and they go through food very quickly .
since i started feeding my dog this formula , he feels better and acts better ! great buy .
my vet says that dog bowls should be slightly elevated.this one works great for my pup and my 2 - year old.highly recommended .
very cute addition to my ferrets cage . it's very sturdy when he pulls on it and doesn't bend the bars .
started feeding my kittens this food when they were six weeks old . they are now 6 months old and they still love it .
still not 100 % sure of how well they work , but no incidents since we started giving our dog 2 treats in the morning .
this spray is excellent in brushing my dog . it leaves her coat soft and without knots . she doesn't mind having me use it .
perfect size for a few small bowls for 2 mischievous kittens . keeps any spillages within bounds courtesy of the raised edges .
my koi love this product and can't wait to gobble it up . it keeps our pond clean longer as there is less waste produced .
does the job ! unfortunately it tangles super easy . however it will be great for beach season as it is made of fabric and easy to wash !
i normally purchase the smaller can of evo , but the 95 % my cats would not touch .
these clippers work perfectly on my mini dachshund's nails . they are very sharp and cut easily . i highly recommend these !
my cat loves it and so do i . thanks ... also better price than others i have seen at the vet or on this site .
a great replacement bio sponge for your cascade 1000 , easy to swap out for routine maint , you will be please with this purchase .
i have tried several products . i like this one the best . it seems to be fast and thoroughly removes the stain and odor ..
my dogs love these ; they are a real challenge to get the marrow out . it keeps them busy and grinding away all day .
no complaints . good price , serves it's purpose . i will order a couple more to use for baking cakes . ( i like the size ) .
i used on my yorkie pup's nails . one got cut too far down and this worked really fast to stop the bleeding .
my older dog loves this ... it fits perfectly in her kennel and she's on it constantly . she's very happy ! love love love
i've been through several different varieties of light up collars with mixed success but this one is actually easy and works great .
my husky seemed to like this at first but has now gone back to being picky about his food . seems to be good quality food though .
my dog loved these and was pleased that they took her a few sessions to eat . will order these again .
two dachshund puppies fit in this just perfectly , it's light and well made and cleans up easily . great for transportation or overnight .
these are great chew treats that also help with both my pets breath . they are easy to give & they both love them .
this product is good , but i did not find it worthy of the price . if the price were lower , i would give it four stars .
allows you to throw a long way without throwing your arm out . my dogs get a lot more exercise and i enjoy it now .
cats love it . the price is so good that ive put off trying to make them vegetarians tho i do feel bad about the critters .
much better than the closed in top , easy to scoop .. next time i buyi would look for the same except a larger size .
really appreciated the premeasured ease of use of this product and it was priced just right . will use this product again .
it is okay but did not last as long as i thought it would since it is a kong product .
seems to be a good media but nothing special about others . does have good surface area and adequate area for bacteria to grow .
bought air pump to use with some sponge filters i bought ... the pump works good and is fairly quiet ... had not had it long but happy sp far
a little challenging to put on my dog initially . i do like the soft support on the harness which wont cut my dog .
this is way safer and better for your reptile than regular sand , calcium sand , and other substrates that i've found .
my chinchillas wont eat most pellets , but seem to like these . as an important part of their diet , i will continue to purchase these .
there are cheaper brands so i will go with those - this worked ok but why spend the xtra money ?
i use the big dog ones for the large tablets and the small cat ones for the dog's 1/4 th pill dose . works every time .
my slider loves the fluker's crickets and shrimp . i find these much easier for daily use than live food and my turtle always goes for these first .
these are nice sturdy lids . they go on easily and stay on . i had a floppier lid that the cats could work off . clean well too .
our dog loves these treats . i like that they're natural & healthy for him . you can break them into smaller pieces if you want .
my cat loves it ! got one for my sister's cat too and she loves it as well . would recommend this to anyone who has a cat .
my dog loves this . he has not let go of it since i took it out of the box . i just hope it lasts .
not what i needed did not solve our problem . i am not saying it is a bad product though . just not for us .
they do not last forever but they do what they say without being to annoying to the dog . kind of like heavy duty medical gloves
good coverage and fit . keeps dog dry and comfy . good value for price . you may want to order 1 size up .
my dogs love bully sticks . these are pretty stinky but it keeps them busy and they're the perfect size for my dogs , which are 12-14 pounds .
not much to be said , good quality and works and intended . will continue to purchase as long as the cate mate water fountain is working
both my parakeet and my cockatiel love these and jump to get them as soon as i put them in the cage !
it's not huge , but it's sturdy , and my cat likes it . i haven't had any problems with it .
these are nice , my dogs love them ! i found them cheaper at a local store after i bought them here , but they are still cool toys !
i would rather have a seperate target stick but i couldn't find one so i tried this . my dog has trouble seeing it .
small dogs love it . find it easy to eat & digest . one of the best brands u can buy & trust on the market today
my 8 month old lab pup has not been able to chew this one up ! she loves the minty scent.too !
not only are these good for my " puppy " , but he really likes them ! he gets them often along with other purebites .
round collar prevents hair around neck from matting . also very strong and so far my dogs have not destroyed it .
rena is the best filter you can buy . they do the job . if you need help just ask rena . thank you rena and you amazon .
dog loves it and that's what was important . nothing more to say on this subject but they insist i write more , so there you go .
cozy and soft and think my new beagle puppy will love it as soon as he is fully house trained
what can you say , it is a toothbrush and some toothpaste.and the cat does not take to brushing his teeth very kindly
this one is smarter because its reversible . my cats love it . the rubber legs really keep it in place . try it
pouch does not close with 1 hand and the oil from the cookies stain the outer fabric . it is also awkward to clip to the waistband .
i am still trying to figure out how to train the dogs to ring the bell . the bell could ring a little louder .
this is my dogs preferred treat and is very high quality . i often break up the larger chunks for small " training " size treats .
dog doesn't really like it , didn't notice a huge change . i notice her breath better with the actual treats than with this stuff .
my 4 cats come running when they hear one of us open or even move a package of these treats.great product
this was ok , i wouldnt buy it again the cats didnt play with it as much as the other toys .
necessary for our horses . i guess it works since we haven't had issues with worms.lisafresh eggs dailywww.fresh-eggs-daily.com
the dog didn't seem to like the smell sufficiently to eat the treat . i had to trick him into eating . it's just not worth the trouble .
great pads but they don't stay on . i've ordered a doggie harness from amazon that is designed to keep the pad in place . hope it works : )
these were relatively cheaply priced and they definitely do the job . i will probably buy them again .
my wife and i bought three of this for our kitten and he enjoys scratching them , he feels comfortable and sometimes naps on them
good productuct.good prodectuct.good prodtuct.good productuct.good productuct.good productuct.good productuct.good productt.good productuct.good productuct.good productuct.good productuct.good productuct.good productuct.good product.good productss.good productuct.good productuct.good productuct.good productuct.good productuct .
i was soooo disappointed in this product as it said large and this would only work well for small kittens . do not recommend for adult cats .
cats not interested in playing with it . ball gets stuck in one place . made from very cheap plastic that warps
this is one of two treats my cat will eat . he actually will beg for them if i don't give them to him to start with .
these work really well and are convenient . i am not sure what else to say , but they work really well .
the stray cats that live in my shed seem to like it . i went in the shed saw that they had use it .
my cat took to this right away . it's long and narrow and fits anywhere you put it . easily moved from room to room .
my westie puppy came home with giardia . this has really helped his g . i . track and he loves the flavor . win-win .
this helps my dog as he takes meds to allergies and this is great for runny stools will purchase again
my dog just barked at it , then barked at me , and then chewed the rope off to get the kibble out .
my dogs love these treats . they contain very high quality ingredients and they're made in the usa . i would absolutey recommend them .
dog loves it , definitely helps the breath too ! i recommend it , even for picky dogs . i would buy it again !
she went to town chewing on this as soon as i put it in the treat ball and gave it to her . she loves these !
did what i needed it to do and that's keep the fleas and ticks off my cat , that loves to play outside .
it took a couple tries to get my cat interested , but once he was , he really liked it . i'd recommend it .
i have 3 cats and they are picky . this is a winner , they all line up and they don't leave a drop ... love this stuff .
awesome healthy treat . part of a great line of zuke's products including betas and berry too ! thanks for the great healthy treats for my puppy !
the clicker doesn't work at all because the button would not depress . i do like the included wrist band , however .
my dog is perfectly happy with this iams dog food , but no more or less so than with other dog foods .
this cleaner works to remove build up safely and gently . monty , my german shepard , seems to enjoy having his weekly ear cleaning sessions ! great product .
but he does like them . he come running as soon as he hears the crinkle of the bag . and his sisters like them too .
able to make the cage into what ever we wanted even through and around other items . love it would recommend .
the pups love running around playing chase with this in their mouth ! great game of tug of war ! so lightweight !
my dogs love these . it does not last as long as the x-large one , but does the job . would highly recommend .
great price and she loves her squeaky balls.the plastic squeaker comes out after awhile , but she had lots of fun while it lasted .
plenty of space . easy to set up . i love the precision pans , they are more durable than most.much more useful with two entrance doors
this is just great ! i am buying 2 more . perfect for your pet food . the wheels are just a great added benefit . very pleased .
this is a great stylish traffic leash . well made and durable . i think it will last me a long time .
this dish is a perfect size for my rabbits . it is heavy so they can not tip it and spill out their food every wheres .
my dog loves her car seat . every time . i go some were she . sits in it . and plays . it keeps her fsafe
a good basic grooming kit . perfect for our little one . now she can be at her best all the time .
does not work as advertise ... well ... maybe worked for 3 times ... and then my dogs can not give a dam about it .. .
use it for the foster dogs i take care of from the local animal shelter . never know what diet they have been on so it's always a good starter
excellent toy for new born puppies . the crackling sound grabs their attention while the soft exterior doesn't harm their gums .
we needed a finer blade for a 9 week old schnauzer puppy and this blade worked great and left a nice even coat .
i was disappointed in how thin the lead wire is but it does work for my dog . the lead wire will crimp if you aren't careful .
did what i wanted but could use a finer lid to pour out the powder . i would use this again .
my dog will carry these the whole walk to the dog park . they hold up as well as a regular tennis ball .
the cats like it and i'm glad that their dry food is nutritional and good for them . so many types of kibble are awful for them !
these are very expensive treats but my cat and dog love them ! light and airy . will order these only on very special occasions .
my dog likes the flavor but they are too small and i have to be careful when i give to my dog she has choked on the small size .
we just recently adopted a senior rescue dog . she scarfs these down and behaves well waiting for them . works great as training treats for us .
this is a healthy formula that my dogs like and doesn't cost a fortune .
good value ... i would buy the product again . it worked good on my dog . his skin and coat are in great condition .
this is my cats favorite food . she loves the stuff . and it's natural . what a plus . i thought it was computer generated at first .
i have golden bees and cherry reds and they all love this stuff . they don't go crazy for it like shirakura though .
this crate is perfect for our tiny puppies for traveling . can't beat the price for this product and the service was excellent .
this is his third replacement set , he loves them , when the squeaker breaks and they are totally slimmed up he gets a new set .
well it was just fine with me but the cats didn't like it . had to give it away . so sorry .
catnip of any brand , i suppose is great for kitty . but it does drive her happily crazy ! occasional treat for her .
this is a little big , but comfortable for my dog . i just wish it had a compartment for a water bottle .
my dog loves chicken jerky and i thought this sounded like something she would enjoy . but she says no.not a favorite
product worked well on my dog , although it is quite expensive . my vet recommended that i purchase this . i'll try something less expensive first next time .
my pitty tore this to shreds in one day ... better yet in about 30 mins.pretty dissappointed , but that's what you get with a pitbull .
posy loves her new collar . she struts around like a beauty queen ! of course purple happens to be mom's favorite color too !
cosequin for cats is and has worked for my cats for many years . product was sent quickly and was as described .
we are going to buy more of these . they work really well for training and the puppy seems to respond to our commands with these in hand .
not all of my cats like it at first , but later they all like it , we just mix it in their wet food
plain and simple , this stuff works just like it's supposed to . no adverse effects for my 9yr old 85lb huskie .
it contains odors so well , that you simply cannot tell there is waste in it ! the liners go a long way too .
this product may work at the most 10 ft . my dog wasn't deterred more than looking at me funny . didnt work on neighbor dogs either :( bust
the very best quality in which the puppies love the flexibility of filling with treats and also how they bounce randomly . very fun and very healthy for the puppies
my dashund hates the winter and this jack not only keeps her warm but also is water repellant and has reflective strips . a good buy and quick delivery .
even though when the fit was snug , the moment i turned away my 5 month old puppy chewed right throught this
my little dog loves this and it is big enough i don't have to worry about my big dog swallowing it . lasted well over a year .
i have a love bird he chewed this up in less than two weeks ! he loved it and it kept him entertained . its small
my cat loves it so i love it . i was concerned with how high it was but i guess the higher the better especially for my kitty .
we havent had much snow in mass . so he hasn't worn it out yet but he and i love it and can't wait for snow !
it fits my dogs pillow perfectly and he seems to enjoy sleeping in it and i like the protection it gives my dog .
my dog got this open in 2 minutes . now it's mangled with chew marks and both my dogs are uninterested in it .
this product is great to help reduce tartar buildup . we have a greyhound that easily gets tartar buildup and gum disease so this is helpful .
using in 56gal with one on each output of a whisper 100 air pump . makes a good wall of air .
these charcoal filters install easily in the housing of my pioneer pet fountain . just rinse and snap in . also very reasonably priced . will definitely order again .
great feeder if you have a big dog . holds food enough for 4 or 5 days for our big boxer .
my kitten did not like the pate texture of this food . he does however like the wellness kitten kibbles .
i love that i can get on here order my parts and fix my own things love this i recomend
my girls love these treats . they like these for morning goodies . they have no idea that it's not their chicken wrapped treats .
the litter genie is a wonderful product i love it i always buy extra cartridges so iam never with out any
our newfie / border collie mix it works great . with each brushing i swear we have enough to make a new puppy . this is the best .
like the product even though it seems that my cat will need some more time to get used to it .
my two little papillon dogs love these biscuit treats . i have to break one in 1/2 for them but they eat them right up !
long lasting and dogs love them . the only reason i don't give it a 5 is the price . wish they were a little cheaper .
at a great price . it has a metal bottom unlike the plastic ones that warp , crack , and split . great cage for a great price !
i bought this cat treat for my cats as an training tool and because they love it.and with the subscribe and save deal i save money .
yes our dogs like these . it does seem to clean their teeth and make their mouth fresh . nice size and length .
nothing can beat a chuckit in quality and ease . the balls fit perfectly . i'd highly recommend the rebound blue rubber balls . enjoy !
nice ceramic heavy fountain . not overly difficult to clean either . my cats seem to like it and it makes a nice zen like sound .
it's a cover it works good not much more to say about it . serves it's intended purpose yeah ... it's a cover ..
this is a great interactive toy for the kitties . this toy has held up well to my wild little bunch .
we have 2 and what a difference it made , it's made well and it safe ! she can see out and she loves cars rides .
the 3 cats don't even pay them any attention as they light up and fly by one has stopped lighting up won't buy again
i noticed worms in my dog's stool and i used this to get rid of them . it is reaonsably priced too .
purchased for my 60gal aquarium ... it puts lots of air ! it fits behind my perfecto aquarium stand . absolutely is functioning as described !
why didnt i buy this sooner ? it seems expensive until you add uo how much you pay for all the cardboard trays . highly recommended !
cute toy they still have it but they dont play with it so much but it is cute i wouldnt buy another .
the dogs finish these in one sitting . no choking and the bones are a good size for small breeds .. great treat .
i was mislead by the kong name and my shih-tzu first destroyed the squeaker which he almost ate and then the coating started to peal off . junk .
it was suggested to buy this as a replacement for my ceramic pioneer big max . yeah ... try again ... glad i have friends with petmate's !
after a few chews , the surface is rather sharp and cause the gum to bleed . wont buy another for sure .
i think it's too big for our small dog and hard to use . i think i'll give it to someone with a larger dog .
this bowl is absolutely adorable and high-quality . it has a little kitty on the inside , too . dishwasher and microwave safe .
we are using this for a cocker spaniel suffering from skin conditions . this seems to help greatly if used regularly .
this water conditioner worked right off the bat for me . just started a new tank and i have no problems with my new betta fish .
it was easy to assemble , it's spacy inside and i'm thinking of getting a second one to make more room for my russian tortoise .
fish love to eat these . although its better to break up and feed smaller portions otherwise it'll sit there and dissolve into the gravel .
this toy is one of my ferrets favorites . my ferrets do not really care for toys but they like to hide in this one :)
these are perfect for treats ... the shelter plans on beginning a program of training and these will come in very handy .
love the guard that helps you not cut to close . good sharpness . i really like these clippers . this was a good buy
she likes these very much . i like them because they helped clear up a yeast infection the puppy had . plus , helps her digestive track .
i tried this and wasn't to impressed with it . i didn't see where it did much good . wouldn't tell anyone to buy it .
this light can be adjusted to create sunrise and sunset effects . it is well worth the money . it works great .
i am not sure whether mr cat actually likes it or rubs against it to humour me . i mounted it on a corner .
from the human point of view , this appears to be a great shampoo . hopefully my dog will agree as well .
way too big for us - its not for medium dogs . :( the ball is quite large .
great for cleaning up after your pet just wish more would use them . it would help the enviroment just close up and toss in garbage cqan
these are great for touph mats . i use it on my long hair siberian and it does the job.worth the price .
for my dog personally advantix ii works much better than frontline . the price might be a tiny bit higher but is worth it in my book .
not really but with the litter genie i can pretend . super simple to load , unload , refill . and most importantly , amazing at locking in odor .
the perfect way to administer medications to the cats . i like the larger ones and appreciate the discount for multiple units .
perfect and very heavy duty . it is hard to find short leads so when i found this for the price it took only 2 seconds to order .
love it because i can reuse it over and over with treats i put inside . i can freeze it with treats inside too .
never lets me down . and this size is a good one for my picking up to fill up three litter boxes and still not break my back .
there are imitations of this product , but my puppy likes this one best and it seems to last longer than fakes
i was disappointed that the giggler didn't last long ! so now it's just a ball to throw and play fetch with .
these particular batteries were ordered in error . i still have them . never used them , can't rate this item . perhaps they are good .
but it is very big and heavy . my terrier can hardly pick it up and he weighs 30 pounds . for bigger dogs .
i've received a lot of compliments on this harness ! love the camouflage theme ! goes great with the camouflage leash ! super !
wish it was electric though , going thru batteries like crazy because i keep forgetting to shut it off , good at keeping them occupied
my dog " emma riot " loves it , and it helps to make the bad puppy breath smell go away due to the minty plastic .
should be a little larger , but basically well made and help to catch litter . i would recommend these to others who use litter boxes .
very good quality . easy to use . cuts my dog's nails easier than any other clipper i have tried . makes it less of a chore than before .
my dog zeus does not think very highly of this treat , he will eat it but not excited . would not buy again .
what with the expense of these collars , it was great to be able to increase the size as opposed to getting another entire collar .
our dogs love just a spoonful of the wellness beef on their daily dry kibble . they finish their food in about 30 seconds .
both of my dogs love it and they drink a lot more water . it holds about a gallon of water .
i use this to walk my dog every morning and it has held up very well . she loves it and is comfortable for her i can tell .
my dog loves the superfood dog treat greens . i give my dog the berry flavored superfood dog treat and the greens daily as antioxidant supplements .
great idea , but my cats aren't really into it ; they are mildly curious , but they prefer the real thing--actual herb rather than a tincture .
this feeder saves a lot of wasted feed . chickens learned how to eat from it easily . does not come apart like the other one i tried .
my dog has been testing me for the past few months on walks and i finally broke down and got this collar . she does not test me anymore .
my puppy will eat these , but not all the time . product is fine . guess my dog is a picky eater ? ? ?
i bought this for my sick dog who had cushings desease . they seemed to help a little with his symptoms .
they fit so nicely in the kong . the dog loves the taste and usually will work to pull the rest out
it more or less sinks into the blueish background so i don't see it very easily . i think i would always go with the blue .
no doubt about it this cat nip mouse is a cats delight ! ! ! , would recommend to anyone whos wanting to treat their lil feline furbaby ! ;)
this is a perfect liner for the booda dome litter box ... not too snug but very durable - easy clean up too
fits good into filter works well doesnt get you dirty easy to use easy to toss id buy again if i need to
two poms and one golden doodle ( the doodle gets the capsules for his size ) . they work better than anything i have tried .
i really appreciate being able to get these , as they are reusable , just fill with fresh charcoal after a very good cleaning .
my boy is addicted to fancy feast--and this is one of his favorite kinds . he likes variety , but he eats one of these almost daily .
arthur really likes these treats , but not as much as he loves the the apple-nana flavor . i definately recommend them .
i use this crate for my 70 - pound male dalmatian and it is strong and rugged . i am clearly satisfied with this product .
i've been using this for several months now in a phosban reactor . it works very well and is affordable . don't hesitate to buy .
packaged painlessly , shipped quickly . great neutral color , easy to clean with a damp mop . very effective at retaining and containing the litter .
i will only buy human grade pet foods sourced and produced in the united states . this is a product of thailand .
works great ordered one to try will be ordering some more my dogs love it . keeps them off the cold drafty floor
my cats don't care for the pate type of can food except for these by meow mix . they are a great deal on amazon as well .
works for our dogs with upset tummy and / or diarrhea . our vet resommended it to us . quick acting and never fails
my dog smells amazing for days with shampoo . people always ask what i use to make his coat so shinny , smooth , and fresh smelling .
another failed kong toy . it only lasted about 20 minutes before it was torn to shreds by my 30lb pup .
i love this product and it is an item that i recommended people buying . however , my cats showed no interest in it !
no problems . i have not attached them to my dog's crate , however i don't think there will be any problems .
works ok on the paws and belly , i really expected it to be a little more powerful so i am disappointed
my year old chocolate lab is very anxious . this product eases some of her anxiety . it keeps her warm in the cold winter months as well .
he chews on everything and we were quickly running out of pork sticks and pressed bones . so i got this and he went to town .
don't ask me on this one but the cats love it . it last quite a long long time before needing to be replaced .
i got this for my dutch shepard and he loves it . it has held up well with no missing pieces at all .
my new puppy loves these ! they are great to throw around and he loves to play with them . they are exactly as pictured .
beware : five pound yorkie was able to nibble away at a corner in about five minutes . wish it was a bit stronger .
easy to assemble and take apart . travels well in the back of my small car . medium size dog about 30lbs fits very well .
this is a very study wheel and fits in the cage great . the chinchilla loves to run on it for exercise .
my cats seem to like this , it was what they needed for some extra stimulation . they like to chase each other through it . recommend it !
my cat absolutely loves this toy . i order toys for her from amazon every 2 weeks and i am hoping the merchant has other toys similar to this .
my family raises service dogs and this is a functional and beautiful leash to use when doing sidewalk work with the dogs
awseome ... came fast and not too hard to put together . the cats love it ! birds were destroyed within hours however so that kinda sucked .
i like this . my lacey loves it . looks just like the picture and she has thoroughly enjoyed it . would buy it again for her .
these did not work with my dog , at all . i finally donated them to our local humane society animal shelter so they wouldn't go to waste .
my one cat loves theses - the other does not care for them , but for the one who does she begs to get these .
came broken i had a working one that needed a new axle so this donated that and i tossed this motor in the closet .
these arrived in my dog's stocking this year . he seems to like them and they are definitely a soft treat - good for older dogs with sensitive teeth .
quick and painless . i give my dog a warning , " just one " . we don't do them all at once and it is easier this way
i often have to leave my poor lil girl for weekends . this thing reliably gives her food . it's a true mind easer .
our dog craves for this every morning and loves it . hope that it just does the purpose of helping to clean his teeth .
works to split and connect airline tubing . nice , tight fit . no fear they will slip off over time . great price .
i think this is a good quality toy for the money . my dogs are big chewers and this is still in one piece .
the chain is good and heavy , but the handle ... must taste good because our little friend chewed almost through it in about 2 minutes .
my dogs really like it and have not destroyed it as yet . very small for my chocolate lab . my smaller dog likes it .
our two vizslas love this sharky toy . pretty much indestructible yet not too big to be carried around by a medium size dog . plus it's funny looking .
this works ok but it doesn't stay attached to the side of the cage so it slides around and makes a mess .
i buy these for my powerful chewer . he seems to only like the bacon flavor ones . he gives it two paws up .
way , way , way too tiny . size recommendations way off.threw it away . return would cost me more than the harness .
works well . def helps with itch . i use it about 2x per week on my shih tzu in the summer months .
this is the only one that wont get really hot or shut off . i havent had one ever malfunction ever .
i have a dog that can chew up anything ! this actually lasted ! she loves it and carries it around with her .
cats love the taste . our overweight female cat has lost weight in just a week and looks great ! highly recommend
easy to change , love the 2 pack since they go thru them pretty fast in my house ! cats never get tired of them .
this is a quality scooper , not like the dollar store ones that do not work as well , highly recommended . go for it !
i use this on our rug , i hope once we bomb our house no more fleas , i hate to see our dogs always scatching
it works great , but i think a newspaper will would do just fine . i would recommend it for the price .
i like the toys , however they were very easy for my doggie to destroy . within hours there were only pieces of each one left .
my dogs love this product . they love to chew on them . if i don't watch them they will try and eat the whole bag lol
this fits my 10-12 lbs terriers perfectly . size medium.works great on walks and to keep them secured in the car .
perfect for summer time irritations .. my english bulldog .. snot 2 yr old male breaks out from grass .. this stuff clears irritaions and even hot-spots , , fast
i use this scoop for my dog food . it's large capacity , probably 3 cups total and very sturdy . how much can you say about a scoop ?
the dogs liked it at the beginning but now don't bother using it much . maybe it's a little too boring .
need to freeze this and see if it helpsour tiny puppy has needle sharp teeth and she is teething
my two little dogs love chewing this very hard chew toy . it doesn't smell weird or break apart too easily .
this product works well , but you must remember to use it daily . if you get in that habit , plaque really doesn't form on the teeth .
my cichlids love it more than ordinary flakes . what more can i say , it's a great product at a great price .
perfect brush for dogs . i have two small short haired dogs and it works great . i use it for everyday brushing and when shampooing .
i got this for my dogs but i'm keeping it for myself ! ! it is sooo cute and when you squeeze it the sound is perfect ! !
my puppy loves anything that he can chew on , so this is a very value for the money . good product .
it's litter for my ferrets . expands when wet , so you know exactly what needs to be thrown out and what can be kept .
i needed this for my puppy , a standard schnauzer , to use during grooming . i'm happy with it , serves the purpose just fine .
the scratcher arrived before anticipated and was well packaged . my plus-sized cat loves this extra wide scratcher and , of course , the catnip
my kitties are way past this food but the rescue center i donate to ( ffrc ) needs lots of it . guess how many new litters they get !
does the job well . quick , but i also dont have a previous claw clipper to compare it to . but , no complaints .
it's a great service the once a month delivery and the price is competitive . it would be better if there were more flavors .
the wide reflective band enhances my dog's visibility , even if it is just in the driveway when i get home . i feel better knowing he's wearing it .
my dog absolutely loves this treat , but then again i have yet to meet a treat that she doesn't love .
it is a perfectly fine chew toy not flips favorite but he rotates his toys , it hurts like hell when you step on it
i have 2 big dogs but by the small size and use for treats . easy to carry in my pocket and dogs love them .
my cats love to hug , bite and kick this toy . you can't go wrong with this type of cat toy . great gift for friends also .
this has been a great back up filter for my tank . weighted at the bottom so it sat at the bottom with no issue after squeezing the sponge .
i love flexi retractable belt leashes . works great , , awesome colors and our goldend oodle brooke is styling ! she has 3 different colors .
the price is right . arrives quickly and our puppy seems to enjoy this .
nothing wrong with this leash , we'll enjoy using it on our walks . the colors are exactly as pictures , and it goes very well with the collar .
liked it and more importantly george the cat liked but he got feline acne so since this was plastic i quit using as a precaution .
very absorbent and satisfies the needs of a small dog who doesn't get out much due to infirm elderly owner .
i love the pads and the price is great . this company makes smaller pads also which i use during the day .
use it on my shiba inus ears and they work as they should . removes oil and gunk without over drying and smells great .
my dog's love it ! pretty durable ( consider i have pitbulls ) and bounces higher than their balls so they love it !
i had others that broke quickly these seem to be better quality and works great for my deep tank i would recommend
so far so good , easy , and my 2 dogs take them willingly which is half the battle ; no issues
i have been using this for about 1 year for my 20 year old male cat and think it works very well .
some of the puppies she plays with on occasion do have fleas , so the fact that she still doesn't have them is wonderful !
my 5 lb chihuahua / pomeranian sits perfectly and securely in this and it is great for dogs who do not shed .
she rips through other toys , be them rubber , rope , or stuffed ... but hasn't been able to make a dent in this one .
this toy / distractor device has been a nice add to the toy box . this keeps the pups busy and strived several trips down the stairs .
my small dog did not like this brush . it was too big for their little mouth .
even though i measured , their small really run small.the part that goes around the chest is too short and not as comfy as the other brand i saw .
works great in my 29 ! the flow is just right for my tetras so they don't go flying around all over the tank .
good for people who like to walk their dogs at night rugged construction easy assembly hot girlie pink color nylon
works fine ! fits both my lab and border collie's electric fence and keeps them in the yard and out of the road .
cute carrier . it is spacious and comfortable to carry . it is also easy to get my cat in and out of it .
my kitten loves it and keeps him entertained for a long time . she also gets good excercise chasing it around the house
both my dog and my two cats love this food . i can only describe it by saying they scarf it down .
i purchased this as a recommendation from a friend . i was not disappointed - it works extremely well to alleviate my dog's itching skin problems .
only real complaint is that the reversible sides don't stick , they keep falling down and it doesnt look all that great . but not bad .
after moving my fry and junior fish around it comes them down a lot , works well for them when they're sick ..
this really works well . really nice fragrance , i just wsh it was in a larger size but will definitely purchase again .
ive had one of these for years , then i got a tank that was too big for it , this one works wonders on my 72 gallon tall
our dog absolutely loves these toys . she packs them everywhere with her . they are well made and hold up very well . the seller was great .
the cage is great , easy to install , only the wheel is too small for my hamster , generally its okay !
my rotti loves his kongs . i fill with his biscuits and seal the top with some cheese . keeps him busy for at least 15 mins :)
this is a super good deal compared to places like target . my dog loves it and it keeps him occupied for a nice afternoon .
but a bit cheaper . exactly the same supplement that we previously purchased from the doctor but cheaper than he charges .
i was about to start giving my dog a prescription for the joint problem when this was suggested . it has made a difference .
i really like this but my older cat is kind of bony and i think that this hurts him when i use it on him .
my puppy loves the taste so it makes it easy to brush her at night . she's an 8lb havanese pup
i used this during training for my puppy . it works great , easy access to treats . i would recommend the bag and a good puppy training class .
this does a great job on my 90 gallon fish tank . keeps all the fish happy . i use their ammonia chips too .
my cats really do like this food . it seems to be very digestible too , which is always a plus ! :)
my dog has been eating the merrick grain free food for many years . it is high quality and she loves it .
i've tried different products and this is by far the best supplement i've ever given my dog . i used this product on 2 of my dogs .
didn't work for more than a week , then was impossible to remove from the side of the aquarium without a razor blade .
puppy likes to chew the fuzzy material off the ball instead of chasing after it . good price for the pack of three .
super easy to apply , and dogs don't seem to mind it as badly as the acrid smelling shampoo . highly recommend it .
i had to take this away from my dog . the smell of the bone was disgusting . i wouldn't buy this again .
sturdy crate and that's all that matters . although my dog is houdini so i'm not sure even alcatraz could hold her ...
great lowfat treat for my dogs . they love it more than anything else ! it's easy to cut up into small training treats .
my very allergic dog loves it - seems to work well with his chemistry . it's pricey , but not more than visits to the vet .
it was very handy to be able to get 6 filters at a good price . these filters do a great job on my 3 gallon tank .
she even sleeps inside it some nights . she loves popping her head out of the top and tease the kids
my cats just love this toy . they can not get enough of these bizzy balls . they bat them all over and with the bell they love them .
but they don't play with it very often . when they do , they seem to enjoy it . not sure they realize the squirrels squeak .
my puppy was able to ruin this pretty quickly and get at the fiberfill and the squeakers . it's in the trash now .
the birds love sitting on the ladder and it gives them a option between the regular stand and a good place to relax .
its not accurate . off by 2 degrees . not useful if it wont show correct temp ! better off to buy a good one
great product for the price . the shower attachment is plastic but have used it often and has not leaked yet . works great and would buy again .
this is a great product . we have been using it for some time . my son uses it also for his dogs .
perfect.fits comfortably over the shoulder.cats for right in . two entrances and includes a lock so they can't break out !
bags do their job well . glad i bought in bulk , don't have to worry about running out for a while .
works perfectly in my fluval fx5 for polishing my 75 gallon bow front with a 16 inch pleco and 12 inch oscar . fast delivery
the ends / bends have weak points , therefore leading to colorful poop . didn't take long for my dog to chew through it .
we find this product better than a kong because the little bits of plastic on the bottom stop the kibble falling out .
my puppy was interested in it at first , but he prefers his other nylabone chew toys that are bone shaped .
my little dog makes little spots , and this does a great job of getting them out . and it is easy , no more scrubbing on my knees .
i am very disappointed in all of the squeaky toys from kong . the squeakers always fall out , the whole reason i buy them .
these take the fear out of trimming around a dogs eyes or the hair around the foot pads or in the ears .
my cats just love this food . it is clean and fresh . they eat tit right up . just wish the cans were aluminum for easier recycling .
my parrot loved this toy . i removed the bell but otherwise it has chews of various types that appealed to her .
i have 2 of these beds for my dogs . they love these beds especially in the summer . i usually have to replace the cover once a year .
product as described , even better . service was excellent , we are very happy with our purchase , will order again from sky enterprise .
good product , does what it claims . i always mix a little into my home-packed filter media . saves money and fish
i really love these organic wipes , have to use only one to clean one cat
smells good . lathers well . no complaints . wish it was cheaper i guess but in the end i am very happy .
bought this for my cousin and her cat loves the feel of this . she does a once a week brushing and looks forward to it .
i love this brush ; so easy to use and easy to clean ! i would never use anything else . thanks for a great product .
my cats love this , and disassembly and cleaning is a breeze . they love it so much , despite the high price - i got two !
my dogs don't seem to like these treats as much as many others out there . they also are extreme pungent .
my two cats love this stuff , my female is fussy and this is the only dried food she will eat
it is easy to clean , suppresses odors , and isn't too dusty . my new cat took to it immediately . i wish i got a bigger box .
my dogs love the taste , freshen your breath and keep your teeth clean . recommended size for medium dogs , i love the bag , very practical
it's one of the few probiotics my dog can tolerate after his illness and it does help with his digestion
my dog has lost ( or possibly buried ) the original kong i bought her , so this was purchased as a replacement . she absolutely adores it .
the mat looks good but is too small and cat tends to jump over it and the litter misses the mat all together .
some of my birds attak this saucer like its a predator or something and others dont even go near it 2 out of 13 birds like it .
very difficult feeding cats because they like change and get tired of the same thing ! however , they never , ever get tired of fussie cat !
the only con is the fact that the clasp is made for tiny , tiny fingers . other than the clasp the product is good quality and very durable .
good source of carbon at a resonable price . large pellets thought , may want to cursh them down to a smaller size .
my cats go crazy every time they get near these balls i guess because they have catnip in them . all three love them
i went ahead and bought this along with the monthly maintenance pill . these are great and my dog is flea free ! :)
these are a perfect sized treat for a dog and no worries about it making them fat ... suzi loves them .
my dog likes this bone , but it is not his first choice . i like that it is pb flavored instead of meat flavored
great value for the money ! these bulk bags are the best deal out there in my opinion !
purchased it as a snack for my cat and she loved it ! went crazy with it and of course its healthy . would consider to purchase some more
i have used these for years ! only 2 brands i would consider buying and this is one of them i buy !
great price ! always give dogs a multivitamin to ensure theyre getting all their nutrients . much cheaper than pet store or getting at vet .
my ocd cat is doing well with this and the refills . thank goodness he is back to as normal as he gets
having cats and dogs , we get all sorts of interesting things on the carpet . we have been very happy with this product .
i use this when rain is heavy . my dog doesn't need to be dried off as much when he comes back in the house .
these are the best reusable potty pads i have found . they wash well over and over again . i dry them on low heat .
no complaints here . i really like that it is not a cord . pretty color . :) it's nice and light weight as well .
i think , this is really good for my dog . it has not caused any allergy so far . hair coat looks just shining great !
this toy is very tiny and looks like a choking hazard . the kitten pays no attention to it . the end
my dog loves these . she get up on her back legs at about the same time every night to get her stick .
zukes is good quality and we have fed these snacks to the mini-dachshund for some time . she likes them and quality is good .
oh well , you get what you pay for . an elastic band with a buckle , so it's probly not totally worthless .
i was surprised that charlie bear treats were so low in calories.my two dogs love these , especially the egg and cheese ones !
the cats refused to use this box . it was a total waste of money and sits in the basement . it looks like a good idea though
these are great and the price was right . my dogs really enjoy these vitamins and they're good for them , too . recommend .
amazing ! my cats love this and it's exciting to watch them eat it b / c they gobble it up like they have never eaten before .
works fantastic ! ! ! cleans in between the teeth and my doggies don't seem to mind it . i like the tri brush
its foam and it works in the filter . there really is not much else to say about it . you pretty much need it to use the filter .
ive been using these lids for years for all different types of things . i love them and i'll keep using them for years to come !
i thought that this is one of the best toys my dog goes batty over tennis balls and he also loves sqeaker toys
this coupler meets my expectations . it's very well made and of excellent quality . i wouldn't hesitate to buy another product from this manufacturer .
my son and my cat prefer the glove over this . it is so small that it takes too long to brush her even once over .
durable and delicious ... that is my assessment - made strictly from observing how it's enjoyed ! i can tell you that my dog loves these toys / treats .
this is not for a chewer . someone recommended this as being durable . not so , my dog had it completely shredded in about 5 minutes .
my dogs seem to really enjoy them . since so small lasted a long time as coming in treats . i would buy them again
love them . they launch great and you can always find it because it's so bright .
works as expected . i have no complaints . it fits nicely inside the tank and has a red light to indicate when the heat is on
my rats love this stuff ! i've been trying some alternatives , but i think this is their favorite .
we are potty training our kitten and we have been using this since day one . it works great and never causes an issue with our plumbing !
he likes pretty much any treat actually but i like that these are a healthier choice for him . plus they are small so they are great for training .
nobody was interested in this . either the catnip wasn't strong enough or maybe the material was too thick . the things i do for love .
i use this for both my cat and dog and it clips their nails with ease . this has been a life saver and would recommend this item .
i would recommend this item to anyone . just have to be careful not to drop it because it is very sensetive to breaking
my dogs love this bed ! it is very comfy and soft . it looks like it will wash well too , a great value for the money .
my kittens love this . stinks of chemicals when you first unwrap it . let it off-gas for a day . then they will love it .
no complaints so far . i like the variety and ingredients that zuke's treats offer , and i will definitely be ordering more .
these balls are non-toxic , small enough for my cats to carry in their mouths and we have great fun playing catch - exercise for all of us !
my dog loves all of the chuckit balls - they are all great , good quality and will allow your dog to play for hours with them .
expensive , purchased at tj max for half the price , liked so much i payed more , good smell , cleans kitty good
my kittens loved this as a treat during training . as they grew it became less inticing . much of it went to waste by the expiration date .
to use because have perfect shape for take is not to long or to widethe plastic are good quality too , come on time
my pup is not so into this toy . the squeaker does not work well , but that can be a blessing . lol
both cats really loved this selection and tried it all . i liked the fact that it was hard for them to dump .
these bags are just the right size and making an unpleasant smelling task just a little easier . thank you ! :-)
this mat keeps my pup's bowls right where they need to be and the mat doesn't slide around . great product !
great replacement pads for bergan turbo scratcher . our cat loves it . nice that you can flip them over to use bothsides . works well !
my dogs do very well with this product ! ! ! they have luxating patella and this helps elevate any discomfort ... it's great
there way to big , dogs are not happy wearing them , they dont keep the male covered
can't go wrong with this treat - she can hear the crinkle of the package and comes dancing . it smells awful - but she loves it .
it is an awkward shape and not easy to get treats out - i stopped using it very quickly as it just got in the way
she loves the sound it makes ... i wish that they made the animal in bigger sizes though because she is a pitbull ...
i bought this for my chihuahua . it's a fun toy for her for playing fetch or gentle tugging . it squeaks too !
for some reason , the fleas attacking my dog had stopped responding to frontline . i then tried advantix and it got rid of the fleas really quickly .
i am feeding my 3 month old boxer this food and she loves it . her coat looks great and she has no digestive issues .
it did not work as well as expected , but not sure why . will not be purchasing this product again . shipping option was extremely unacceptable .
bought this for my aussie puppy . she loves it . she figured it out right away and she loves the caps more than the treats you hide lol
very fresh nip and the cats love it . will buy this again when we need more . have recommended this to others .
my cats were on it before it was even finished ! they love it and it's sturdy enough . it's so big !
love it , fits her perfectly and it's very simple to put on while still looking good on , i even have it in 2 other colors
my friend continues to order this product . it helps with her aging cat . she says he doesn't bring up hairballs as often as he use to .
my dogs drool when i pull out this toothpaste . they love getting their teeth brushed because they love cet ! definitely recommend .
this will not be used to climb mountains but will be used when taking them to the vet . they are not happy with this but i am .
will continue to buy for our boxer puppy , it takes her about half and hour to finish one and she has never turned up one .
my lab walks so much better , so easy to control with the holt . i am now buying a size bigger as she out grew the original one .
my dogs really , really like these treats . they are not picky though , so not sure if all dogs would but they liked it .
it's easy to set up and fits my car perfectly . the dog loves it too . she jumpped right in it .
costs too much for what its made out of . difficult to assemble / reassemble . still not sure if product fits together properly .
great cat toy for kittens who like to fetch . i've bought 3 packages so far because they get so worn out . fun toy !
i use this to store my cat food and it really works well at keeping it fresh and not letting the smell of the cat food get out .
bought medium - actual size is pictured in small.medium size dogs - get the large.disappointed with amazon picture
this is my akita's favorite bone . it also keeps his teeth in top shape and he stays busy for a long time .
small size treats enjoyed by cats , fresh clean smell . ] would recommend and i do dislike having to waste words to be able to submit
i bought this 6 months ago and my dog uses it for an over night kennel . i would buy it !
these pads work great ! i wish my shib tzu had better aim ! they are well worth the money . good quality ! will buy more .
perfect little sponge filter . i have one in each of my big tanks along with the regular filtration .
my dog loves to take his toys apart to remove the sqeaker . this toy is strong and still has his sqeaker .
this one is ready to go and it works fine for my nano cub . my aquarium has been clean for the last 2 months
i use these in the peek a boo box and they love to grab them . basic , priced right and durable
this plaque remover works really well on your cats ' teeth , gum , and breath
they last 2 days . made in america . lab loves . great product . hope for more sale prices on products not on recall from china
this ball was bigger than i thought it be and is hard pastic . this would be a great toy for large dogs .
my dogs love love love these . my white boxer has severe allergies and he can take his mess in these with no issues .
it was a lot nicer than the same thing i had purchased from petsmart - it looked fresher .
i love it gives us both space but no tangles and my arm does not hurt at e end of the walk
folds flat and is small enough to fit in your pocket . i take it with me all the time .
i bought these b / c everyone else gave them such high stars . i too agree that they're good products and glad we purchased .
it does slow my dog's eating , but does it really resolve any issues ? makes it really difficult for our dog to eat .
bought this for my mothers long haired cat , works very well . and beats the " furminators " price by a long shot.very pleased .
it is a nice size mat , picks up the litter when the cats jump out of the litter box and looks cute too .
exactly the type of ball my cat loves , except they are too small . she still uses her very torn up one .
this harness was not effective at reducing pulling . the straps that go in the dog's armpits rubbed my dog's skin despite being padded .
soft and plush . easy to wash in the washing machine.our dog loves it ! make sure you measure your crate before ordering .
i have 8 dogs and they love these raw hides . good for their teeth , too . they are made in the good ole usa .
my puppy peed on everything except for these pads . not sure if it was my dog or the product . would try another brand next time
i ordered two of these for my dogs and they are great ! the puppy quickly learned and loves his seatbelt !
i use this once a month when i do water change for my 10 gallon fish tank . it keeps my fish happy .
what else can i say ... it does its job , its 15 ' .. its tough , stood up to my 65lb lab retriever without problem .
our guinea pig drags it around her big kennel ... it's easy for her to move ... very colorful ... i would defy recommand this this ...
these are great .. my dog likes ! at first he didn't like , but now he enjoys them . i recommend.yum yum yum for little dogs
i would recommend this 70 oz . reservoir . makes is so convenient , i dont have to fill the water bowl , it does it for me .
my yorkie is pee pee pad trained and pees like a mule , natures miracle is the only pad i would ever use
my dog didn't like it . he would not eat it and i gave it to a friend that has dogs .
65 lb . golden retriever . fits perfect . i call this her traffic safety vest for early morning walks.good quality . happy with purchase . functions as intended .
makes a big difference in my cats movement and pain . i give him one in each meal twice a day , he is 15 lbs .
my dogs really love these . i wasn't sure if they would like them but they get excited when they see the bag .
i give these treats to my dogs after they take their medication . small enough that i don't feel like i'm over doing it .
i bought this and am still growing the grass but my kitty loves it already . i like this catit stuff . :)
great product and my cats seem to like it very well . ease of opening and is a good product . word count drives me crazy
these liners have a seam in the middle and aren't square on the bottom . they always pull up in the middle and the cats tear though them easily .
my 10 mo . old lab puppy loves it ! she loves pulling the squirrels out and then playing with them individually . great toy !
my puppy will do almost anything for these yummy treats . they are the main reason she enjoys learning new tricks !
once the dogs got used to the noise this little machine prevailed and made quick work of trimming my dogs nails
my ragdoll cat absolutely loves this lounge more than i had ever anticipated . loves to watch the birds and outside activity daily . excellent buy !
this did not work for our cat he just was able to step on it between the electrode lines or just jump over it .
i get the ones for capsules because they are bigger and can cover 4 pills with one pocket broken in 4 pieces .
i got these because they are from blue buffalo and made in the usa . my dogs love these and have had no issues .
the dog couldn't be less interested in this toy . waste of money - it is cute and well made but he just doesnt want to play with it
he got it for christmas and it has proven very durable and the squeakers still work . it is also cute .
the cats love these liver flavored chews and they have calmed down to quarreling cats ! the cats really like the taste !
usually i give them to my happy , thankful dog for dessert ; he loves these special treats after a good meal .
my dog was spayed at a young age . she does not have major issues with continence . these pills help her .
this product has a terrible clasp and lasted me less than 24 hours before it broke and fell off . this is not worth the money or the effort .
i mix this with other dry cat food and my cats really like the mixture . i can't comment how they would like it without other mixed in .
just a great product keeps my little dog flea free , very happy with the product and will buy over and over again .
compared side by side with known accurate thermometers and this one was almost right on the dot accurate . happy camper .
good for his teeth . good for his breath which is great for me when he is in my face ! ;)
works well . only complaint is that it's difficult to find a good place to mount as the mounting hardware is small .
i have an allergy dog that is always having skin issues - i really do think this improves his coat quality and decreases the itchies .
this is probably best for kittens that have had some of moms milk . not sure it can really replace those first few weeks of cat milk .
decided on this heater for my daughters 10 gal glass glofish aquarium . seems accurate and easy to operate . fish seem happy if there is such a thing .
this along with the cigar are the cat's favorite toys ! she loves them ! ! !
my dog is a small terrier and he destroys all of the toys . this toy has survived his brutal ripping and tearing .
works really good can't find any complaints i have two of them and they don't fail me not super accurate likes real digital but it does its job
our dwarf lionhead rabbit loved digging and chewing on this little pad . after a few months it was torn in two but he still uses both pieces .
this works better than anything else i've ever tried , on dog and cat mishaps .
bo likes them but not as good as his other treats he does like all the natural stuff . your service is quick / thank you
great ball but was to large for my one rat snowy . great ball for exercise but again was to big for one rat .
the pieces are small and consistent . my betta actually loves this more than bloodworms . not too stinky and high quality ingredients .
good heavy file at a good price . comfy handle too . heavy enough to use on the big dogs but also good for the little ones .
my cat loves this treat . i keep a little in a separate bowl so she can snack on it any time .
i purchased this ball because normally kong products are long lasting but my 1 y / o english bulldog destroyed it in a day .
it only took one dose . but i keep extra around just in case . tried a few other meds . that didn't work .
my 12 lb . dog destroyed this in less than a day . she has a lot of stuffed toys and this is the first one she has wrecked .
this size is not so easy to find in stores . was glad i found them on amazon . they fit perfectly , and the price was right .
this works as an eye lubricant for dry eyes . it seemed to work nicely and i would buy again in the future .
it's ok not as sturdy as some but for a well trained dog it works well !
our puppy loves his duck ! we actually had to get two so he can always find it . small enough to for our 10 week old puppy yorkie-poo
it is super small but does the job , but i mostly use it to pull hairs out of the other brush .
my two dogs love these and i like that i can break them into small sizes . i highly recommend them .
the filters are well made and stand up to a couple of cleanings before they need to be replaced . they are easy to replace .
i bought this for or girl dog . she is a puppy and this collar has a lot of growing room . love it
our cats love this ! we have six cats , so keeping a bowl filled is tough . this does the job and keeps the water oxygenated and clean .
the scissor come in handy for the in between appointments for sweetpea's grooming . i like that i can cut the hair around her ears . love it .
cheap dog food is like cheap food you get what you pay for . the better quality food you put into your dogs the better output you get .
got a great deal here ! can't go wrong with flexi brand . used it for months now and very happy with my purchase .
my parrot love it , i have a red lored amazon and lola love to bit it . full recomended .
buy regular meat tenderizer from costco , same stuff . that said , i found canned pumpkin mixed w / meals was what did the trick
these are very high quality litter scoops . you will not have to ever buy another scoop . highly recommend . would buy again .
i love my kit , very fast on delivery of my kit . i got both the reef master & saltwater kits , they work great for testing my water.thanks
wholesome and healthy , but a tasty treat for the dog . can be snapped in half for smaller treats . dog loved them .
this crate was just right for my puppy when i got it , however , he quickly grew out of it and i had to get another one .
seems to show what i needed to see . allows the clean up to happen and the smell to be pinpointed .
we take our four legged child out at least three times a day so this is our staple item . we make sure it doesn't run out .
works really good and sticks just like it says . my cats have not touched my stairs anymore . i recommend for sure !
bought these for my grand daughters rabbit thumper and he just loved these .. they look like little cookies and he just loved them .
they seem a bit pricey but they are easily broken up into a few pieces . i have three dogs and all three love them .
charlie the pampered cockopoo loves these sticks . he eats them with gusto , best thing they are not made in china . thanks newman's !
which sat at the bottom of my tank and was not eaten by any of my fish , while the agar slowly came apart and looked horrifying .
i like limited ingredient foods for my pooches and these fit the bill . my dogs gobbled them up and were very happy to do so !
this shampoo is a nice alternative to their shampoo with papaya in it . nice smelling and the dog's coats are soft and long hair is easy to comb .
use with the furminator de-shedding tool between bathes to keep shedding to a minimum , it works great .
my cats went crazy over this thing . put it in its mouth and took it away . they were super happy
these bones are indeed mini.great for small dogs ! these are too small for large dogs.though everyone gobbles them down in no time .
these things last much longer than a soccer ball and my dog just loves it . it is his favorite toy .
i've used natural balance for a while , it's ratings are excellent their first ingredient is always real fish or meat & now my 2nd cat loves it .
my turtles love this stuff . i recommend it . the pellets are a little large for my turtles but they eat them anyway .
this butterfly is so cute . our maltipoo loves things that crinkle . this is just the right size for her to carry around and play with .
this is a great deal , much cheaper to buy in volume ! i use this for my dog and cat . thanks advantage !
does exactly what it says ( and fast ! ) , although it becomes difficult to mix with food the larger the dosage gets .
it is durable and fill it with peanut butter for hours of fun.it is a strong ball and my dog loves it .
works well but still requires some effort on your part to redirect the dog on how you want him to walk until behavior is changed . no instant results
my kitten plays with this occasionally but i'm not sure that i would buy it again knowing how kittens are happy with the tiniest objects .
my cats like this vitamin but i can find it at a small local pet store ( rumford pets ) for a lot less .
our bichon ate this food with no problem . you will have to judge for yourself if the nutritional side is worth the cost vs . other dog food .
i love it . fits crate perfectly . i would highly recommend this item to anyone in need of a bed for their crates
my mastiff had this destroyed in less than 1 minute after it was taken out of package . would not buy again .
the price is good , but i find these do not have enough carbon in them . i found something else that works better .
i bought these thinking they were made in the us . they are labeled as made in china . hard to find made in us treats .
this is all my dog will eat , he loves it . all i can buy for him now , no more going for cheaper
this product is made in the usa , and that makes me feel like a good pet owner , after reading about so many recall treats .
this product was junk , it lasted maybe 2 weeks ! ! ! bought a better one at a local store , which i am satisfied
great for picking poop off the lawn . very simple design and easy to use . one hand operation is nice . no need for anything more expensive .
i've used this product for several years now . all of my big guys are older and it seems to help those arthritic joints . great product .
this was a very good price on this treat . big bag . my shih-tzus love them , at a limited amount at a time .
these nail clippers fit in my hand nice and securely easy to handle while holding a dog nice and sharp so cutting is quick and easy
this pet grooming spray has a great fragrance . it is long lasting and just a wonderful smell . i highly recommend .
my plants looks so much better after regular dosing of iron . its a needed fertilizer since you have to dose it daily .
the price on these replacement squirrels were very good . the squirrels themselves hold up okay , could be a little more durable .
kind of hard to get excited about filters , but they were packed well and arrived fast . very good price as well .
perfect size and shape love the fact that is is dishwasher safe without having to remove any rubber ring or whatever recommend it
my dog loves these treats and i give her the mini's even though she is a big dog as they are more of a treat for her .
my two year old orange tabby loves this ! he would have played with it all night had i not taken it away . instant hit !
doggies eat . the price on amazon for bulk packaging is the best i have priced . what more can i say .
perfect size for my 55lb pit bull mix who is an aggressive chewer . keeps her occupied . i'd recommend it for medium and bigger dogs !
this is a sweet deal . cheap , efficient , cleans well . good buy , best buy ? no , that's an electronics store . #ilovewritingreviews . blah
my dog needs it for his regular snacks . i just hope soon greenies will be more price competitive as other brands .
she couldn't quite make out where the screaming was coming from but now , she tosses it up in the air and chases it even when i'm not around .
toy with a tuft on top means papillon goes for that first and stuffing follows . a one day toy for baxter the destroyer .
great ball to throw and similiar to a kong - dog likes the hurley better , but likes this too - can hide food in it
greenies are pricey when bought through a local pet store . amazon saves us $ $ $ - - will purchase again , for sure .
this is my cat's favorite toy . it will have your cat jumping . he gets excited everytime i get it out and start jumping for it .
i've used other fish oils for the dog before and this is my favorite . not too smelly and easy to use .
our english bulldog has multiple food allergies . these treats do not appear to aggravate any of them , and she seems to enjoy them a lot .
keep in mind sanitary napkins are for low flow but diapers are made for urine flow . so line with something made for urine flow .
they are really not wide enough like four paws wee wee pads . unless you have one really small dog this is not for you .
they are fine , but they stink . i can't seem to find non stink ones anymore . these stink even while they are dry
really does what it says . it keeps the water crystal clear and the ammonia , nitrites and nitrates totally within range .
quiet and efficient . i have aqua clear filters on all of my tanks . easy to clean and reliable . highly recommended .
my 11 yr old boxer has been on this food for 5 years and loves it . it's so reasonably priced and great quality compared to others
my cats would rather play with the stick end then the stuffed animal . it all depends on what your cat likes .
makes my puppy scratch a lot . seems to make her itch because she always scratches it .
it looks and smells good , and it has the right consistency . my dogs love it and it agrees with them .
can't wait to get my little rondo chewing on these ! there are 3 different flavors and they are set to last the puppy for a while .
it is very light weight and my dog was not drawn to its scent . this was the first rawhide that this has ever happened .
this is a wonderful service , that has me lifting the big bag only once . what a treat for my pooch and for me ! thanks very much
the dogs liked this treat at first but soon got bored with it so i wouldn't say this is something we order again
it works perfectly but i saw it cheaper in home goods like a week after i bought it . not worth the effort to return it
my 3 month old welsh terrier loves them . they are moist and small size , perfect for training . i will buy again
fish are still alive , and they look happy when i feed them this . so going to say its good stuff .
my dog loves this food , and her poop consistency seems to indicate that her system is much happier with this than with any other food.very highly recommended
this collar is easy to adjust , it's washable , and " pops " on your dog . very good quality . i've had other dog owners compliment it .
this seems to work well with very small kibble , but our dogs regular size of dog food is much too large .
love it sturdy cover and get one try it we use this in rescue sturdy color is great and add pvc
this is a very small key chain sized toy with a mechanical squeaker . the mechanism would be easily removed and swallowed by a dog . returned item .
i have a 5 year old male that is aggressive to my female cats , i did not see any difference in his behavior with the collar .
i don't know what more to say , other than my dog loves these . and i love that there are limited ingredients .
this product is great and i would order again . this product is large and strong and i would recommend to anyone .
my cat loves these she eats them all the time she bags for them if any one goes near where they are kept .
my puppy loved this toy but managed to send it to the ' toy ' er after just a couple of days . not meant for vigorous play .
the order came quicker then i thought and my cat loves it . it's fairly easier to put togther . great buy .
this conditioner makes my papillon's hair super fluffy and soft . it also smells great so she doesn't smell like wet dog .
great container , love it ! keeps dog food fresh , and odors out of my apt . would recomend this iris for everyone
easy access to treats , good fabric etc . i have to say it is not my favourite , but not sure why as it works well .
this is a typical stuffed animal toy with nothing special . my puppy isn't a destroyer so i am not sure how durable it is .
hello thank you so much for this item really works well my turtle loves it keeps him nice and warm
really works in calming anxious and fearful doggs , keeps down aggression mild kind of aggression , even in older dogs who don't know how to play with other dogs
my cat absolutely loves salmon and ate the heck out of this ! would recommend for anyone looking for a more nutritious meal for their feline friend ;)
treats canine absolutely love . great 4 training but not high caloric intake . great for teaching them to work a scent . ( rescue dogs )
love how this set feels . much cheaper then pet store sets . my dog feels safe in his kennel and uses it a lot more .
even though it's bigger than i need this pumps works wonderfully in my 10 gallon tank and is very quiet . i would highly recommend it .
pen is a nice size but kind of flimsy unless you set it up in the octagonal shape and stake it down .
i used this product and it worked very well in my salt water aquariums to remove red slime almost instantly .
i always use frontline for my dog and it seems to do its job , so i bought it for my cat now !
only con is there is no door but i knew that going in and use the provided clips to close it .
this certainly does the job and will keep your floor from getting wet . i like the price point on this item , and it's easy to clean .
good quality cord with simple locking system , easy to use , durable . i would recommend it to anyone with small pets
it works instantly ! ! also , it is safe to spray without worrying about the harmful effects to animals ( there aren't any ) .
not sure what to write , it clicks . i'm not the best trainer so my dog never really warmed up to it . but it clicks ...
my only complaint is that it's kind of loud when the ball rolls around.my kitty doesn't use the scratching cardboard though . i would recommend .
it became a flat duck in a matter of minutes . no fun . disappointed . i wonder if i can find a steel dog toy ! ! ?
i can keep my cat busy for hours . this toy helps keep him active . he loves to play , and it is easy to use .
hoped it would be a bit bigger , stronger and last more than 15 minutes with our macaw ! cannot afford enough toys to keep him occupied !
my dog pees alot , so the pads are way too thin for my heavy wetter dog . the pads don't seem to be that absorbent at all .
i sent it back as it was too slippery and my dog couldn't get traction . it was also too short to provide a gentle incline .
i recently tried frontline plus for my 2 cats and i was very pleased at how quickly it worked .
light turns on when the heater is on and it seems to be working very nicely . fits nicely for my 20 gallon tank
my kitties use it all the time ! thinking i'll purchase another one for elsewhere in the house at some point .
not sure if this does any better than bleach . however the smell is better than bleach . just not sure if its worth the money .
bought these for my two cats , they love them ! they started trying to rip them out of the packaging as soon as they arrived .
i bought this toy and it works great for my cats . it is sturdy and brightly colored and is a great toy !
great gate great price . solved my rabbit like boxer from jumping gates or just pushing down inferior gates .. easy to install and nice locking mech .
cloud star products are really great for your dog . smells wonderful and leaves his coat soft and fresh for at least a week .
for a 8 lb shih tzu . unfortunately , i do not have a printer to print a label for pick up . help !
this is a great product , and fits great in my jeep cherokee . keeps the dogs in the back which they hate , but i love !
this is a really cool way of storing bags to your dog's leash . i always have it when we go for walks .
i have a dog with an undercoat and this brush helps loosen up dead hair in the undercoat which helps in brushing .
it's foam they seem to last about a year after cleaning them every month .. just rinse them out and replace
these woven grass mats are messy but are a great activity for small animals . my rabbits love chewing them up .
my cat loved the scratcher , but i was the only one who played with the ball . he seemed to enjoy watching me , however .
great leash and one that my puppy couldn't tear apart with his teeth . good strength and yet not to heavy for a puppy .
my dogs wont eat these at all still have a full bag , 50 was way to much in a bag.shipping is to high
not much to say other than the pouch is working great in training class . treats don't fall out and it's easy to snap close and open .
cheaply made and constantly falls off the top and sides . would suggest that the manufactor charge a little more and offer a better made product .
these beef lung treats recently became one of my dog's favorites ! since she is spoiled , i will definitely order more !
these cards have all of the information that you need . just hand out as needed . just the right size to put in your shirt pocket or wallet .
my dog has elevated liver enzymes i use this to help keep her healthy . very good price compared to everywhere else .
this is great to have in hand when the puppy is trying to chew on us , the house or furniture .
to save the cabinet bottom from leaks . it fits perfect . it's working out well for what i wanted it for . very pleased
my scottie cannot get enough of them . they are his favorite treats i believe . he got several of these 3 lb . bags for christmas .
lot's of chewing on and still not destroyed ! a great toy for an active little creature ! my boy sure does love it !
the material and embroidery are really good quality . size was as described and fit very well . looks great - doesn't ride up her back .
my bearded dragon and i both love this . it fits great in his tank and is really easy to remove and clean !
i use a lot of there products and this is one of the best test kits i have found . it is accurate and affordable .
oh , my cats just love playing in this tunnel . they chase each other in and out of it . very crackly and great color .
my dog could care less but i like her pink leash and collar . very girly . the leash is easy to use and is just the right length .
these work well for puppy's training so far . they are absorbent enough that she can sometimes use them 2 times .
not meant to be used for cats , but it sure as hell didn't stop the dog . my cat's however hated it .
sometimes my dog's breath stinks . i wanted treats to freshen her breath . she usually grabs the treats and she just wasn't that crazy about these .
my only complaint is that my cupboards are about an inch too shallow to hold it facing forward , so i faced it sideways . not a big deal .
this bulb was paired with the flora sun plant bulb with poor results on our aquarium plants . perhaps two of these would be better for plants .
my guinea pigs love to crawl through this and they have the best time crawling all over it ! love it !
product ripped to pieces in 1 day . would only suggest if you dogs do not chew everything . other than that , it is a good product .
bought this for my dog ( mini dachshund ) and it was very big . her mouth was to small to catch it .
i like bags with handles and this container has a little hook on the side to hang the bag until you get home .
just what we needed for our tank .. only wish they made a 60 inch light so i didnt have to order 2
feed your dog the best foods . if you want them healthy and happy give them instinct . i love the easy amazon prime shipping
nylabone makes great products . my little dog especially loved the bacon flavored one . i was worried it would smell but , it doesn't . good buy .
one pee pee and it leaked right through . will not order again . i have paid less for hartz pads with better results .
they wen't bananas for it all the time . it also helps to keep the tank clear , and did a pretty good job for me when that happened .
had to return - kept tugging on puppy hairthough i've heard good things - my experience wasnt as pleasant as my colleagues
they smell bad but my dog loves item . i'll buy these again since the price is very reasonable for omega supplement .
i have two little girls 8-7 and they love these chews and were recommended by our vet , thanks guys bob
seems to be pulling out lots of unmatted hair ... hard to maneuver ... and this is on a very cooperative dog .
enuf said ! good good good good good . and made in the usa which is an absolute must ! no chinese contaminated treats for our little darlings !
i have to purchase bulk packs since my 2 cats are pretty rough on " da bird " it's the favorite cat toy at our house .
for some reason the thrill here is to stick the nose through the donut hole . quite fun to play with and very durable .
i use this and ultra both are perfect options.keep your bunnies dry clean and happy after all these years i still loveit i highly recommend
great catnip puts the cats in heaven . if it gets a little old , fluff it up or later , let the catnip out for renewed fun .
great price , fast shipping speed . my pups love these so i am constantly in the market for them , best price i could find .
cats love it and i love oredering it on line as it is easier to have it come to my door than having to haul it by myself .
this is a must have item for the bed you have or are getting , especially if you have a puppy .
i always buy frontline here because of better pricing . frontline always works for my five labradors . never a pest problem when used as directed .
kinda small but my cat curls right on in to fit he loves it , likes the scratch circle too :-)
my cats just love these beds and spend at least half their days in them . they use them year round .
i saw this on tv , cat from hell , and i thought it was amazing . my cats love it . looks like a bird flying around
recommended by our vet . i sprinkle this on each can of food when i open it . the cats actually prefer their food with this sprinkle on it .
they can get particular at times , but they always love this flavor . friskies can be found for fairly good prices , too .
glides through my pwd's coat without excessive noise or vibration . very comfortable in my hand . vast improvement over my old oster .
my pup loves these treats . we shove them in her kong toy and let her chase after it for an hour trying to get the treats out .
my 8 month old lab pup has not been able to chew this one up ! she likes the minty scent too !
i have been using these product for awahile and it is great i would not switch to another product thanks .
i have one cat who eat anything and he likes this fine . my picky cat just isn't interested in it .
very very fine sand . does not stay white . keep away from intake . be careful while cleaning tank with suction as will easily be sucked up .
i try different products on my three havanese dogs . this shampoo cleans well , has a nice fragrance and leaves the dog's hair manageable .
my birds love it . they seem to be extremely comfortable with this box . great purchase . will reccommend to friends . thanks .
it's a bone made out of plastic . my dog loves it , nothing more could be said except maybe the company should consider going even bigger .
within 15 minutes it was chewed to pieces . do not purchase this item . look at kong chew toys instead for longer lasting toys .
i was very happy with the bags . they are sturdy and the size is adequate even for large mixed breed's needs .
found it packaged well , instructions easy to read and easy to assemble . bought a blue one and the colours were very nice .
nice little brush , perfect for my little 7 pound girl . nice grip for me to hold it comfortably . mimi says woof .
this works better than the straight charcoal blend to keep the tank cleaner , longer , and works well to neutralize odor .
really terrific kennel . not a bad price for this size compared to everywhere else . would highly recommend . does the job and more .
love these bags ! very sturdy , nice scent and easy to refill in the carrier . super happy with this purchase and will definitely purchase again .
my guinea pig will not eat it and she poped in it . i think it only has that effect with her .
magnet is a little week , but it works alright to keep algae at bay in between real cleanings . don't know if i would recommend it .
love it , no more worrying about my dog jumping off table and getting hurt while im blow drying her hair
these are moist treats that come in a resealable bag . as long as you keep the bag properly sealed , they will last for months after opening the package
very durable . but way too big and thick for my dogs . they just drag it around the house instead of really chew on it .
has been a good toy and has lasted with my dogs and is cheaper on line then in the pet stores
these are great to cut hair on my lhasa apso . i love the rounded ends to help prevent serious harm if dog moves .
this product has helped my kitty's soft smelly poops become " normal " with just a little sprinkled on her food once a day . great product !
i feel much safer using prime its a great conditioner and i will continue to use this on my tank and any future projects i have
works on all hair lengths nice handle makes it easier to hold against long fur . one doesn't like it but 2/3 ain't bad
i know it says dog dish but i use it for my two cats and yes they do share . thank you for the dish
if you're going to make a poo bag , you should be able to open it easily , don't you think ? these are easy .. yay !
purchased for my daughers spaniel which has developed intestinal issues . this was her vets recommendation and at a better price than other sites and the dr . office .
these are quick , easy and relatively clean to switch out each month . i do not miss messing with the charcoal and the clips .
i wanted something to get my cat outside without the worry of him escaping or getting hurt . this was just the thing !
spiders fleas and all sorts of creepy bugs were stuck to the sticky trap each night . our flea and bug problem was nearly eliminated with nightly use .
this is a great length for summer cuts for my standard poodles . the oster blades work great and are worth the increased price over cheapies .
love it ! it's soft and comfy and my dog loves it too ! best of all it's machine washable . it has already held up well after washing .
use this liberally and have been changing water for years and not one fish has died . what more can be said .
love my c4 filter and great price on the carbon refills . the c4 filter is without a doubt one of the best filters i have ever ran .
my cat loves to push these around and play with them and they crinkle so that's extra fun for her .
i but this for my guinea pigs , and they enjoy it . i give them other veggies / fruits to give variety . good product .
my cats love these things ! they rub their faces on them , lick them and play with them in general . it's one of their favorite toys .
this is much bigger than i expected . the picture is deceiving . that said , it is lasting a lot longer that i expected .
i feel like i have a kid who likes broccoli . seriously . the vet prescribed these treats for renal disease and the cat loves them .
no matter where you look - bird food is expensive.my birds love this food and there's less wasted food on the bottom of the cage
so very happy with our unique van gogh collar ! it's beautiful and very well made ! can't wait till we can order the other two !
this is a great value , nice quality product ! makes traveling with your pet very convenient . te price was right and the quality didn't suffer .
it does tend to rip when using scoop . needs to be a little thicker to prevent that .
seems to be a good quality . the colors are nice , just wish it was a good fit for my dog .
we got these thinking our dog would enjoy some variety . he likes beef liver and lamb lung and stuff , but not these apparently .
a great chew bone . very heavy and it seems to be standing up well to my 2 golden retrievers ' tough chewing .
my cavalier king charles spaniels liked these.they did seem to help freshen their breath a bit.so all in all i would say this is a good product .
they are way too small , and after few minutes it comes apart . my dog chocked on it , and i tossed the rest out .
not as good as the ones i found enclosed in a plastic case ( still looking for these ) . but for the price , these work well .
better and cheaper than most other popular brands on the market . they are small enough for my 6.5 lb yorkie .
great product , been using it for years , both there up and down work very well for keeping water at the correct ph levels .
cats like these little kickers . some cat kickers are way too big . cats like small stuff . these are just right . kong makes quality pet toys .
i have four cats so having the refill cartridge is great . i love this litter system and i would recommend the litter genie to anyone !
i had my doubts when i saw this , but it has proven to be very durable , and my lab puppy loves it !
probably good food , but since our cat is avoiding it , we won't buy it again and donated the cans that we bought .
very reasonable price for this product . cost me three times the amount at my vet's office . helped my dog's condition .
worked great . just wish the dog hadn't peed all over it . good quality for the price . thanks for a great product
just wish it cost less because i have to use it so frequently . we have 3 dogs . is there a place i can get coupons ?
make sure you got the right size for your dog . i like the consistency of the quality and its reliable delivery .
cats won't touch this one but it is a lovely little toy with a rattle effect when played with , by me , lol .
good price and it fist both dogs perfect ... had to cut some off and that is a good thing . great price
my cats opened up the package and i had shreds all over my dinning room . i could have done better with cotton balls and catnip .
with a puppy in the house , this carpet shampoo is great . it leaves the carpet and area smelling fresh & clean for a long time .
kong toys are always durable and last a long time . my dogs even like playing with these little mice . mine came blue and red .
i can use this treat for training but they are not too hard for the older dogs will fragile or missing teeth .
my cat loves this laser light . she has others , this is her favorite.it seems brighter and she likes the different designs .
please see my review for newman's own organics turkey formula for cats , 3 - ounce cans ( pack of 24 ) . they love this as well .
my dog likes this as a treat along with his regular dog food . will keep buying it in the future .
these collars are great ! slight reflective stitching , but my dog's hair is log so it's not that visible . it works great and expansion range is good .
works every time make sur eit is a word or doesn't work work are we done yet how much longer ? ? ?
our cats continue to scratch on the furniture . i was hopeful this would help , but they don't even notice it . i would not recommend this product .
my dog i bought it for is very comfortable wearing it , it has a lot of adjustment had has room to spare on a 80lb german sheppard mix .
aqarium filter elements are too expensive at the store . this bulk pack was less than half price . they work fine .
not what i expected . the teeth are not long enough to do the job on a sheltie .
halo products don't have any byproducts .. they are all natural , no animal testing on any halo products ! my dogs love them .
this was stellar while i was fishlessly cycling my tank . easy to use and accurate . a must-have for every aquarium enthusiast .
loved them rather than trying to convince my little old lady dog to take the pill in peanut butter - she is a picky eater
= kitten jujst looked at me one time , the rest of the time the kitty didn't even seem to notice the sound
i would tell everyone to buy this for there small animals that like wheels this is funnier to watch them run on .
my great dane puppy has a blast running around and playing soccer with this ball . it's been indestructible so far and that's a big plus in my book !
perfect for any small size aquarium . great price . the thermometer temperature is exactly as mine adjustable heater indicated . recommended for everyone .
i have a petmate deluxe fountain which i love and my cats love . the filters are high quality and easy to replace .
two cats love it . it is their perch for after meals and safe haven from grandchildren .
need this to make my own filter cartridges instead of buying the packaged ones monthly . easy to use and clean .
this toy is heavy but my 20 pound cat figured it out and eats from it all the time now . took him a while to start using it .
great food , and the price is unbeatable . definitely a great value , 5 lbs is a lot of food and my guinea pigs love it .
these are a great idea for getting pills down your dogs throat without them knowing about it . they like them as treats .
thank you needed a water proof training collar and this is perfect my dog refuses to listen at the dog beach this will get her attn .
i purchased these for our puppy over a year ago and they are still one of his favorite things to chew on !
very sturdy and has a nice long length to it . this is a great buy for the price . i will purchase another .
these are the best chicken chews around and are a totally us product . my guys love them . not too smokey and don't get gummy when chewed .
our rabbits love to gnaw on these , and unlike alfalfa cubes are not too rich or hurt sensitive bunny tummy's
so far , they've held up well.dogs really like them.their humans like them as they don't seem to get as slobber slimed as the rubber version .
these were recommended by my vet and are cheaper than his price . the dogs like them but you be the judge
as soon as it was opened and ready , miss kitty was in it chasing imaginary things . she loves it . well worth the money for her fun .
my cat doesn't respond to this . that doesn't mean it's not a good product . to each his / her own when it comes to toys .
there's not much to say about this product . my dog loved it , and it kept her occupied for a long time . it's a pretty good product .
this product seems to work well with my cat & she loves the taste - like giving her a treat ! whatever - stupid requirement on words used
got fast . actually cut in half and use one while washing the other for litter of small puppies . hold up well after several washings .
i love this mat . it's great quality , easy to clean and the size is really good . it also looks pretty .
wonderful product for aggressive fish tank , and any other time fish become stressed ! water changes and tank maintenance tend to stress fish !
this is an interesting cat toy . a step above the " usual " mousie . my cats get it in a vice grip .
i give these to my min pin and she loves them.she is 14 years old and these help her greatly with her mobility problems ...
it is amazing for a messy kitty . i used it inside merry pet litter house and it fits exactly . keeps litter from getting everywhere .
my shih tzus & pekinese loved them - i even signed up for " subscribe & save " so i can automatically get them sent to me monthly .
how handy to have a 6 pack for your cat ! great value and the pouch has definitely replaced shaking the pounce can in my house !
my great dane loves this toy . he is a heavy chewer and plays hard , but he couldnt defeat this indestructible toy
i had a cat peeing in the house and was somewhat desperate to get her to stop so i tried this . waste of money . don't bother .
since we have been using this product we have had no flea or tick problem . good product and reasonably priced and plus it is usa made .
she likes the other kinds more for some reason so i buy the other meow mix for her and she will eat it .
i love this cat tunnel . my cats have a whole lot of fun playing in it.it holds up good to their rough housing .
i used this per directions and it may have been effective for a few hours . don't waste your money if you use it outdoors .
i have severe allergies so daily use is supposed to help . rexie always smells great after and is soft and glossy . they are great grooming wipes .
my cats enjoyed these for about 20 seconds ... i can't even entice them to play with them . and i have five cats !
the cardinal labs treats are great . bacon ones are very popular with our dog , but all are good . so many for a very good price .
the colar was easy enough to adjust to my growing terrier . she seems comfortable in it . it is nice looking , and sturdy .
had this for less than one day and my pup chewed through the rope , it didnt cost much but then again it fell apart !
large ! this can hold a bunch . i would recommend a bit longer handle . if you have a large dog ; this is a must !
this is great for keeping the dogs from jumping up front with me ! it's sturdy so they can't squeeze through any openings !
way better price online than at the pet store . fits the standard puppy pad very well , and holds the pad in place .
got this for my parents new teeny chihuahua puppies.this is a great size and the color is perfect for spoiled little girls .
my cats all love this one and it's far easier to use than similar ones we've had before .
this toy was a great find or so i thought . my dog loved it . however , it only lasted one day and then it stopped working .
purchased two of these plush cat beds to complete a midwest cat playpen . kitten loves it ! must be cozy and comfortable .
tetra whisper filters are the best quality and quietest filter on the market . these bulk filter inserts are easy and economical .
this dry shampoo is perfect for the in-between times of going to the groomer when i want to freshen up my doggie .
just as most dog toys , this one got ripped to shreds - by a tiny 25lb dog . what gives , kong ?
we have been using this for several years . hoping it is helping keep the dog's teeth in good health . they like it and tolerate it well .
this is a nice healthy treat for large dogs without the worry of added chemicals or junk stuff dogs don't need . and chicken liver - most dogs love !
this is their favorite of the whiskas in pouches . they eat it quickly without the pacing , avoding , etc . that they do with some meals .
very good results with this product . dog is clean deodorized with minimal effort . i will buy it again . thank you !
i like this vet opt . gel better than the plain eye drops . the slightly thicker consistency seems to last longer for my dog's eyes .
i love that these are not only a very tasty treat for my dog , but also good for him , which i am all about !
really helps my dog ... terrific and effective ... the immune response takes several days but it helps his immune system greatly especially skin rashes and nasal congestion
i use this product exclusively . my cat loves it and is in good health with energy .
great nail file ! it's very easy and quick to use . item is as described . i like the idea that it can be used anywhere .
these nail clippers go right through st . bernard toe nails . leaves a smooth edge . high quality steel , affordable price .
perfect size for guinea pig nomming - they always seemed to disappear withing a day when i added them to my guinea pig's food and timothy hay .
my cats don't seem to be very interested in this toy despite the cat nip . only one out of my five critters has played with it .
these along with the kong toys are great , my pup loves them and it keeps her busy forever . finally a little break . wheww !
really great product , cats freak over it . why do they have word minimums for these reviews ? that's pretty stupid . done .
excellent wrap - holds tight and strong and does not unwrap - perfect addition to any first aid kit be it human or animal .
love it ! keeps my pup cool . and i found out , when all 4 dogs pile in bed with me , it will keep me cool :)
fully submersible and does what it needs to , keeps my small tank within 75-80 degrees for my shrimp and betta . no issues with this one .
i plan to use this in my garden but the plants are too young yet to reap the full benefit . i am sure it will work fine .
great product with a low cost per feeding compared to " normal " sizes . i have a large tank full of cichlids and was going throughsmaller packages .
none of the fish in my two large tanks will go near this product . they love blood worms , but ignore this stuff .
i don't have the room for a crate in my bedroom so i use this playpen upstairs and downstairs . adjustable for whatever size or shape you need .
my pet had to get used to the product . it doesn't have the look of quality , but it is okay .
these filters work better than any others we have used in our cats water unit . the water is cleaner longer and the filters last longer .
kills the fleas with-in a few hours . and can be given the next day if needed . no ill effects noticed .
these is a lot of material . i find it works well , grows a great biofilter , doesn't clog too quickly , and holds up .
perfect size for my dauhound . she loves these . will order more soon . not the best price especially the shipping . but love the product .
exactly what i wanted . good price . love these for my dog . would order again . please check out but be careful .
having cavalier king charles spaniels , i'd go for the smaller sized ones . my little guys really love these and they're made pretty well too .
i use this in my freshwater cichlid and catfish aquariums faithfully . it simply is the best option for water conditioning .
it works . nothing else to say . my plants seem to like it .
looks cute but only held the cats ' interest a few minutes . not sure why but you never know with cats
this is the best price i have come across and killed those one or two fleas that i could see but not get myself :)
i got this item so that it don't back up when the electric goes out . i had that happin before .
orders this maybe a week ago and none of my fish like it so on to look for something else
all ages from 9lbs - 80 lbs great coat texture and vet is extremely happy with the results . you will not be disappointed
these are great for cleaning your dog's eyes without having to worry about soap or harming them in any way
my vet warned me about this stuff ; she says a week doesn't go by without a cat coming in with convulsions from this junk ; toxic ! ! !
cute & prettyfor a teenie puppy.looking forward toputting it on hana . cute , cute cute , cute , cute , cutethank you ,
mix peanut butter with a little olive and sunflower oil and a little honey and a quality doggie vitamin supplement .
my friend saw my dog's harness and wanted one like it . amazon came through . this model fits my pekingese and her smaller shih tzu / poodle mix .
this was bigger than i expected and is a very sturdy bowl . i love the pretty color on the inside and am very happy with the purchase .
my pitbull puppy loves this stuff . she has a shiny coat and is healthy as can be . i switch between salmon and wetlands for her .
these filets are perfect for training . i can put one in my pocket and break off pieces as i need them . my dog loves them .
great chewing toy , keeps my dog occupied for a while but i have to rotate it with another nylabone toy so she does not get bored .
the vitamin list looks great and best of all , my 3 dogs ate this vitamin readily , even the picky eater .
this product is the only one we've found that actully slows my dogs eating.other products do not measure up to its ' effectiveness
my puppy did not take to this bed . he thought it was a place to find his treats and preferred sleeping on the floor .
the fish in my tank seem to enjoy these flakes very much . water doesn't seem to cloud at all which is a good thing !
i have 2 shih tzu's and these are the perfect size for clipping their nails . you can't beat the price too !
for big pills you have to press a little harder to make the material stick to the pill , but it still does the trick .
love this kennel , love the double door and stability of it . sets up easily and would recommend this to a fried . i would buy again .
it does what it is supposed to do and picks up cat hair . it picks up every last hair . very good !
product as described . good quality - no complains . satisfied customer and will repeat order in the future . would also refer to friendsnot for aggressive chewers though
pieces are way too big for my mini poodle . had to have someone break them into bite size for me . please offer a smaller version .
my 18 - pound little dog loves to stretch out to sleep , and she can stretch out on this bed or curl up in one of the corners .
this is a well-built nice quality dog collar with built-in leash . i like to keep it in my glove compartment to help the occasional stray . recommend .
these really work to mask a pill . i haven't seen a dog yet that didn't like them either . they do smell good i must say !
fits great in the back on a bar jeep places for holding stuff . great size , nice design . easily slips in and out for cleaning .
bought this for our bigger cat he loves it and has prevented him from clawing out house up love this will be buying more ! ! !
bought this toy for my yorkie puppy , she absolutely loved it , has 2 squeakers so it doubles the fun for her.very well made and cute .
i did see some reviews about this not working but so far so good for me ; totally does the trick .
this is my cats favorite food . it is the same price as the top box stores and it gets delivered to my front door .
my cats are kinda spoiled and have just about one of every toy / track ball etc . possible - this is their favorite track ball ! !
i hope my dog gets her nutritional fill with this brand . i think this is a great band . thanks soild gold .
great food and a good price . this is excellent food for your dog , very healthy and nutritious . my dog has lost weight on this weight management formula
great pricing , we love the citronella collar for our doberman so its important to have a back up can of citronella in case we run out .
my only complaint is that the food is a little too big for my small dogs . i wish they made it smaller .
this driftwood is perfect for 20 gallon tank . you guys need to deep it in tab water for about 2 days in order not to brown color your tank
love everything about this product . so much i even set my son up with the unit for his cat . he is just as pleased .
thank you keeping this in stock so easy to order when needed ... i have a 40 gallon tank with small fish
great price , arrived as expected . would purchase again . perfect size for a cup or two of food . good quality and looks nice .
a lot bigger than i thought but my lab drinks more than a horse so its great for outdoor play time .
my cats and dogs take turns in the crate with this bed . soft , well made , it appears to meet all expectations
well , there seems to be some sort of chemical which instructs my dog to pee on the pad . this is good .
my dog enjoyed this , but when small pieces break off when she chews though it i am concerned about her eating them .
order this for my 3 poodles and 1 beagle ... they all suffered miserably from it not working ... it didnt work at all . advantage is waaaaaaaay better
worked great on old pet stain . pleasant smell . easy instructions . large sized bottle . great value for the price . will buy again .
i have to always have some of these on hand both of my dogs enjoy these and they last me longer than most treats .
great for destructive puppies . multiple toys to destroy . my puppy loves pulling out the small toys , then destroying the holder
great toy for small birds ! my small birds love this toy , particularly budgies and parrotlets . i definitely recommend giving it a try with your small birds .
my dog loves them but they are very small ! not exactly 50lb dog sized ... probably more like 10lb dog sized
needed for certain marineland canister filters , works as described . aids in the cleansing of particulate matter entering the filter . 5 stars .
i have picky elderly curmudgeon cats . they've eaten this food at least 3-4 times and still like it , which is a miracle .
this product is very good but it doesn't keep my dog as busy the long strips.she can pull these off the bone faster .
i bought these to learn how to juggle and they work really well for that , and are less expensive than balls " designed " for juggling .
my picky cat would not eat ? i'm sure the product is good but she would't eat it . that's the only reason i gave 2 stars ? ?
this was a surprise win . they love it and it was very affordable . totally safe and lots of fun for my furbabies .
i bought this based off of reviews indicating that it fit my pet fountain . it does not because it it is too large for the plastic case .
although a little harder to apply than purrdy paws , i like the color for a female cat . they adhere well .
my dog sheds so much i decided to use this product , i just haven't seen a major change yet with my dog
my dog loves this toy - glad to find it online for way cheaper than in stores . love it thank you !
my finicky 15 year old jack russell loves this . finally something she will eat for more than 3 days in a row !
some of the api kits run out faster than others . buy this when that happens , you get a free glass tube and cap per box as well ..
my dog loves this ball . very sturdy , my 22lbs dog has torn up all his toys besides this one yet .
my dogs enjoy these crunchy sticks . i don't notice any difference in the colors , but they don't seem to , either ,
my finicky cat loves fancy feast , particularly the classics . it has more body than other cat foods so she prefers this kind .
gotta love catnip , and you can't beat the price ! i still have mine , but make sure you keep it in the freezer to prolong its effectiveness .
i have two of these , one under each of my litter boxes . it works great . cat seems to like it too .
my two bunnies like to chew on this thing . it hangs nicely on the side of their playpen and is a snap to put on .
overall my cats love this scratcher . the toy didn't last long as many others have already indicated . overall happy with the product !
works very " quick " , no pun intended , just follow the directions and up the air flow to have best results for remedy .
my cats play with this for hours . all of the squeaking toys made by this company are terrific . your cats will love it .
leia our little yorkie likes this ok , i think she would like it better if it squeaked , she likes the squeaky toys the best .
just look whats in it ! not good its like burger king for dogs ! total garbage ...
i hated the smell . my cats loved it . didn't work at all ! a squirt gun works a lot better coupled with a shouted " no " .
my dogs love to take turns carrying it or rolling it around and they love the squeaker - glad i bought this
chew did not last as expected . dogs chewed thru the treat much more quickly than was advertised . obviously , the dogs liked the taste of the product .
this is great for sending air from the pump to the tank , you really can't ask for much more than that in a airline tubing
product was just as described and my turtle will enjoy as he has done the last many years . thank you .
my cockatiel and parakeet both like this product by the way i also purchased to raspberry millet - mistake on that one - but these treat sticks are good
these are awesome . the dog loves them very much until i lost them both in a ponds . i would likely buy again in the future .
my pug loves this little toy . he doesn't get it to squeak , but he plays with it alot . good toy !
love the tidy cat system ! have multiple cats and no more litter all over floor . has some dust but nothing compared to clay !
dogs love this bed . our dogs are ~ 60lbs and they fit perfectly in the bed . it's cozy for them .
works well . my cat really feels better with this plugged in and working . he has a better time dealing with his dog brothers ...
the kittens enjoy these toy , but they don't independently play with them , they need to be bounced and thrown to get them going !
my pups love these treats .. great price 6pks of organic treats for the dogs . the subscribe and save price makes them cheaper then i have find in stores
my african grey wasn't too crazy about it but i think it was made pretty well for a bird toy and for the money .
much cheaper than what i would pay at petco . i will definitely only buy online and not petco from now on
my dogs would not stop eating grass after every bowl . i went through two bags and the grass eating did not change , so i switched to earthborn .
my dogs love this product and it is good for them . it is the best treat i have ever had and will get again and again
my cats just love this toy and constantly play with it . they have not gotten tired of it as they usually do with other toys i've purchase .
i returned it . treats would get jammed up inside and didn't want to fall out . sorry , but buying this was a mistake .
i have yet to receive this though ordered twice . what more is there to say ? i will keep waiting for it .
i use this in conjuction with nitenpyram ( available here at amazon ) to break the flea life cycle . works as intended .
it's tiny.can fit in canister filter.lots of more surface area space.the bag is a nice item.you don't have to use the bag as well .
i have a little 9 pound cavachon that hates to get brushed . she seems to like this bristle brush also well made.also very fast delivery !
very inexpensive product that really helps cut down on the smell from the litter box !
miss kitty loves this toy.it ' s inexpensive , only slightly noisy , and did i mention that my cat loves this thing ?
this stuff crumbles ridiculously . pretty soon , all you're left with is powder . my cat didn't like them either , but who can tell with cats ;-)
i purchased this hay for my rats . they don't like it , but it is good quality hay and would be good for other animals .
described as soft bristles , not so . they are still like little needles , so have not used . did get my money back
when ever my pup talks a little too much i throw this on and she remembers quickly that we prefer her quite voice . thanks for a great product .
keeps hia teeth white and breath fresh - he asks for it every evening at 8: 30 . that's it , the price is right .
great toy for both dogs , although they do fight with it but they love it . great durability . great size they like it
too small to fit a full size beagle during flight . quality bag they just need to get their measuents under control
these are a great healthy snack for your dogs . i recommend them highly . my dogs love them and i've tried several different flavors .
these work every time without fail . never had any problems . will continue to use these . my tank is beautiful and clean
very easy to attach to table and once attached , arm is very sturdy . extremely easy to adjust height and neck loop .
i've been using my aquarium cleaner and its been a pleasure to watch my reef and fish . it works and thats all that matter .
we own 3 of these , with bowls and beds to fit them . i've been super happy with this brand especially for the price .
i had no idea how much stuff the aquarium floor was hiding until this little item picked it all up for me !
good and durable chew gives a mouthy pup something to work on . it's one of his favorite chew toys and it's easy to clean !
my dog gets hot spots , i purchased this to spray on him and it works great . highly recommend ! !
does the job of keeping the water off the floor . wipes up easily . it is large , so be prepared to find the right space for it .
works really well , i love that its black and blends in with the back of my tank . its also a really solid and well built heater .
not only good for their teeth , but they play with them and then kill and eat them . fun all around for all .
my dog willingly ate this when i first gave it to her . now , she turns her nose up at it . i won't be buying it .
fantastic food for puppy , full of everything they need to grow fit and healthy , nice small pieces too , would highly recommend
i bought this dog toy to take to a friend since my dog liked to play with it more than with his other toys .
my dog really liked playing with these bubbles . these are stronger than regular bubbles , they kind of land without breaking . just so fun .
this item fit perfectly over my 106 " diameter cage with a little room to spare . came sooner than expected . bravo !
bought this to go with cat condo that i ended up donating to animal shelter so donated bowl too , they were happy .
my kitties knew right away what to do when they each got one of these . they grabbed hold of them and bunny kicked them . cute !
i liked the idea of this toy . unfortunately , my 2 month old golden retriever tore it apart in one day .
my 3 dogs love all the favors of the wellness cans of dog food . they love everyone of the favors .
nice weight metal for combing through wavy or curly haired dogs . comb teeth are strong and smooth and do not bend . combs through hair smoothly .
tthese bags are a good size even for large dogs the only issue is they are hard to tear off the roll
i ordered for my granddaughter dog . she is about 15 pds . it is very adorable . dog loves wearing it . great price
they are not made for regular size dogs . i really like the soft fabric , but unless you have toy dogs , these are not for you
did not quiet my dog and she did not care for its flavor , so had to disguise it in many ways .
my betta went right to it . it does float for a bit and he seems to like to go to the top and eat .
an easy , inexpensive , low key way to solve the scattered seed problem . my shy bird did not seem to mind the change to his cage either .
we got two for the dogs and it has made them slow down when eating . a weekly good cleaning is all you need .
my dog ate every single one , and wouldn't pee on any of them . it may be him , it may be the pads . who knows ...
my one cat killed the mouse and now it doesn't make the noise anymore . they both love it and keeps them entertained for about half an hour .
i have persian and a himalayan who are very finicky about food , they won't eat treats but they love nutri cat and it helps them maintain their weight .
not only do i love this but my dog does too ! it takes a little extra time to fill but worth it !
we ordered this at the recommendation of our pets groomer . it is a wonderful product and the price is right on amazon .
this is a decent value . it's not commercial quality but perfect for the diy groomer . good clamp for affixing to various thickness tables or counters .
have used this for my maltese for years and it works great . wonderful product ! no stains around eyes , mouth or feet ever , love it .
i guess my puppy's teeth are too strong for this ! didn't take too long before the legs were off ! she did love it though ! !
wonderful product for my dog . she gets these along with other virbac c . e . t . chews and toothpaste . they make great products ..
i have two labs and they love these . one of the labs is sensitive to various treats and he has not problem digesting these .
my cats love this cat food and i love buying it from amazon . i will put in orders every other month as long as the price stays reasonable .
nice product but i would not purchase again because it does not stay secure . the dog can loosen it by bumping it .
my cats played with it once , but maybe the catnip was old or something , as they soon tired of it .
my pup has a slightly inverted vulva and this product has kept her uti from coming back ! i love this stuff
my several months-old kitten loves this . it collapses under the weight of a fully grown cat like my female of 15 lbs . and her brother even heavier .
my puppies love this food . both have grown and seem very happy . great dog food ! cesar is very nicely shipped !
they really like the sherwood brand , but this will do . i just like that it is resealable and does not have junk in it .
original equipment for less . what's not to like . i replace once every three months alternatively . ( do not replace all of them at once ) .
my cat is great about burying his business . this litter box is the best he has had . makes it easy to clean up . three more words .
the manufacturer didn't have enough of these initially with my api filstar xp3 so i definitely recommend this product , seems durable .
we had serious flea infestation in the house and this all natural product is apparently too natural to work .. maybe it will work better as a maintenance tool
i would highly recommend these . they are harmless and quick to work . my pups have no question where they are and aren't allowed .
small and great to use for training your dog . all the dogs seem to want my dog's treats . perfect size for training .
once i convinced one of my puppies not to urinate on it they love it and spend much time sleeping and playing on it . so easy to clean .
the product works great and is easy to use . now only to get the kitten to stop biting me . :)
it's well made and good quality . unfortunately jasper won't go out into the rain now but slinks close to the house under the eves !
my sadie loves have her teeth brushed now . her breath smells so much better using this product i would recommend this to all dog owners .
great price . transitioning him now . he doesn't seem crazy about it but he's fickle !
my dog hasn't seemed to eat it yet . that's a good thing , because he's figured out how to eat most other bowls he's had .
so far so good . he has done some damage but not as bad as i expected . hopefully this will last at least 6 months .
my dog adores these - they are very expensive in stores so consider getting them online . i think because of the flavouring , most dogs would enjoy them
nice quality product . attaches to crate easily and well and keeps the bowl from tipping . would highly recommend this item .
in my opinion it's the best non-clay litter out there . i prefer this scent ( lavender ) over the other scents offered by world's best .
cause teeth to become loose and then they need expensive dental surgeries to remove the missing teeth . also cause a dog to itch from allergies ! ! !
he loved these for a while but then he changed his tastes . i switch his food around so he doesn't get bored .
two of our dogs both claim this as their favorite . next time i'll have to buy more of them just to keep the peace . cute sounds !
not sure if the treats clean their teeth though . good price for a bag this size.crunch crunch crunch crunch
what can one say about nylabone chews ? turns out that none of my three dackels like them , so i gave to another dog in our family .
great for smaller bags of dog food ; we use two of these smaller ones and one bigger one to keep a variety of food for our shorkeys .
great de-shedding tool , it works wonders & arrived quickly ! we also bought the furminator curry brush & it's wonderful too !    
i've used this kind before and it works really good . makes my dogs smell good for several days after use .
we love it . this is a great collar for our younger puppy on walks . he doesn't try to take it off and he can't pull .
my cats i have 3 they all love these . they are light and soft my cats bring them back to me to keep playing
wonderful treat that my dogs just love . be warned it does smell like fish so your dog must like fish
my cat loves these . i have two , and he drags them around the house bringing them to us to play with him .
durable , stretchy , easy to clean , puppy loves it . lasted months with barely a scratch . definitely recommend and will buy another if needed .
my cat loves this toy and will carry it around the house and play with it . its one of her favorites .
exactly as described . 25 feet was the perfect length for my 10 gallon set up . i have extra for other fun additions .
great joint supplement while helping with the breath issues . my dog seems to like them and they do improve her breath .
my dogs love these but you need to be careful they don't eat large pieces of it . fits the toy well as a reload .
this is a great bowl . my peke can use it without having to chase it all over the kitchen .
my aquarium plants love these tabs ... they look much healthier after i added this to their substrate . i also dose with co2 booster .
this shampoo is ok . my dog sheds tons & i haven't seen great results , but this is the only one on the market .
i have not used this yet . it should provide just the right amount of warmth when our florida weather turns chilly .
these were our cats favorites for 2 weeks . cats still playing with them ocasionally ignoring other more pricy toys . recommend !
the deshedding tool by furdoc does not do the job for cats . not sure about a dogs hair . the handle is good .
this is good quality toy with alot of squeakers . my dog likes all the squeakers , but it's too big for him to pull around .
the twinkle is nice but the cats preferred regular balls . i don't think like a cat but i would have thought differently .
the concept is solid and i figure ... why not ? ... stay tuned to see how it works for me . slo dogs basset hound .
i purchased this waterer and the setup was very easy , filled the bottle with water and dog went right to it
the material with which this toy is made is not durable . our dog enjoyed playing with the toy but it was completely destroyed in 20 minutes .
perfect size for my chihuahua . got it in lady pink . now i don't have to refill her small dish so often !
this is an excellent product . it is more effective than the other products i have tried . i highly recommed it .
great price for the amount of bags . nice quality . it will be a while before we need to order more .
they seem good . i haven't given them much work yet . they will be better than using human nail clippers - which is what i have been using .
my dog likes it , i like it , it smells fresh not overpowering , my shaggy dog is now easy to comb .
very durable my dog dosen't like the frisbee , but hasn't found a week spot yet . fast delivery , will buy again .
i trust arm & hammer products . i would recommend arm & hammer clumping litter for cats to anyone with a litter box
my cat loves this scratcher so much that she uses it to sleep on as well as play with .
although it's not very large it has provided my puppy with lots of play time . she adores throwing it around and hearing it squeak . win / win !
i purchased 4,000 and donated 3,000 to a neighborhood non-kill dog shelter , " in our hands " . they were thrilled . thanks from all of us .
has lasted now for several months . everytime it is picked up she is looking for me to put them back inside . is played with for hours .
i've had other waterers and this is the flimsiest of all . it works fine , it's just the plastic is thinner and doesn't feel very stable
the product is fine . no problems with it . i just cannot get my gsd to play with it . c'est la vie .
not much to say . this does the job . its cheap but not cheaply made . i only use it occasionally . so far no issues .
husband wanted one of these to help check for leaks when refilling the air conditioning on cars he works on . works great for that too . good deal !
my cats love it . highly recommend for catmoms and catdads . i buy 2 cases at a time so the kitty pantry is always full
they are crap ! they don't cut the fur and are for right handed people . but there was no problem sending them back . that's a plus .
we have two ragdolls and they both come running when they hear us shake the bottle . they love it and their coats are very soft .
our dog doesn't really like this ( she's a bit particular ) , but our cat likes the freshness this gives the water .
not very durable for a kong toy . my lab and lab mix destroyed this toy within 10 minutes of playing with it .
nice lightweight leash but very sturdy . only draw back is close fit of handle . strong enough for our shih tzu dogs .
our dog loves it and at nine months old he is as healthy as ever . would love a subscribe and save option .
good quality toy and safe . again , he plays with it occasionally . not on top of his list but good to have .
these treats fit perfectly inside small kong toys . my puppy loves them ! they're firm but chewy . i bought them for the puppy pacifier .
i really like this brand of toothpaste for doggies.and , they like the taste so it makes it fun !
i have american eskimo dogs and this shampoo works great to keep their coats beautifully white and fluffy . great shampoo ! !
much better and more accurate than the test strips , have been using this particular test kits for years , always accurate
this is the best scoop i have used . i used the blue walnut litterand this works just perfectly for that .
my cats love this toy ! ! they fight over it all day and i love to watch them play with it .
not much different than most cat scratcher pads . my cats do seem to like the incline , but other than that it's about the same as others .
i have used this for skin allergies on my dog and was buying it from my vet for more money . so glad i found it on amazon .
i have three cats so this kitty condo works great . all my cat can have a place high up . it is really well constructed .
my fish won't eat this food ! i guess you get what you pay for ; 1/3 the usual price , 1/3 the usual quality .
our dog chases the cat and does have the mug shots on this bowl . great conversation starter and everyone loves it ! ! !
my sister had one for her dog who loves tennis balls . mine loved it at first sight so i purchased them one as well . fun product .
my first one has been running 24/7 for 6 months with no problems . kind of noisy and runs hot , but its pumping !
this works exactly as is noted . its nice to be able to know your pet will always have access to water and they cant knock it over .
i love these trimmers . i have two cats that grow claws like crazy . the trimmers are the perfect size to cut their nails .
although pricey my dog loves them . so what yougonna do ? wish they were a little softer.great product .
great bed .. dogs sleep on it all night .. have not chewed a hole in it like they did the other four beds .
i bought these for 2 of my neighbors dogs and they love them ! the dogs are very active and really enjoying them ! i will be buying more !
wolfie and shadow , two yorkies , think this stuff is awesome . they sit up and will talk to you about it literally . lol
my cats love these and they have all disappeared to wherever they keep their goodies so i believe that is a winner .
they are pretty expensive but worth the money because they give so many hours of pleasure . plus they are good for dogs with allergies !
i give my cats this with their morning kibbles . they wait in anticipation for it . smells good too . like the big bag size .
we sprayed a little of this smartykat catnip mist on the scratching posts and the cats all went nuts ! they love this stuff !
worked like a charm on my aquaclear filter pipes . be careful though as the flexible metal structure can be quite flimsy ,
he likes it and still picks it up two months later . it has held up very well to a teething puppy .
we give a lot of meds on our home and i have found all our dogs prefer the pb flavor .
i bought this to use on my 40 gallon breeder tank . it is very handy and informative . i recommend for fish tank owners
my boxer mix likes them but they do make her gums bleed so i have to limit her chew time with them .
this works great to balance the good bacteria in your dog / cats stomach . prevents the runs and loosens the stool = balance bm
my little pug loves this toy and it has held up longer than most of them .
adorable , and great fun for my keeshond , who just went crazy over this toy . it was the best 27 minutes of her day-then it died .
these last forever and will not harm your dog.make sure you get the right size for your dog's mouth.great product .
definitely gives maximum huggability , which is an accomplishment for a dog that usually smells like fritos . best shampoo i've tried .
kitty loves flowing water . she would sit in the tub and meow for hours for cold running water . not anymore since we got this .
our two year old mini poodle destroyed this in two days . we expected better quality / durability . other toys lasted a couple weeks with our dog .
my girl cat loves these . she carries them around in her mouth and will play for hrs with them . simple and cheap , but lots of fun .
love love love this sweater , the small fits my 9lb yorkie perfectly . it's very well made and made of such nice material .
it requires a lot of effort to use this . the worst thing is that it cuts my hands . need to use gloves .
great treat ! trying to buy all natural treats for dogs and they love it ! ! would definitely recommend . all natural is the way to go ! !
we really need this because we love our cats and need to make sure they arent itching because of fleas thanks alot
hands free and no tugging ... perfect ! this allows me to walk with the dog ~ not be dragged . great price and function !
we have several large indoor dogs and several cats . this product is great for spot cleaning and for use in floor cleaners . always gets the spots up .
we have a puppy and it is nice to be able to change the size because he growing fast now .
min pin is very happy with these kibbles eats them like a champ and very little farting so its a good thing
these treats have been linked to dog deaths.no way i was gonna take a chance of my dogs getting sick and possibly dying.they went straight to the garbage.not recommended !
my dogs do not like this . shame , it looks like a great treat made in usa.three of my three dogs smell the treat and turn away , lol
she gets so excited each day when she hears that can open , spins around and around in circles . makes me laugh !
didn't know it was so big . bought it before for my dog . mix it with her food . she loves it .
my dogs like nylabones , but this one is their favorite shape as its easier for them to hold on to than the straight ones i think .
awesome price and easy to use . spot on readings and have seen great improvements since losing the hydrometer .
bought this to fit in her playpen , she took right to it after ist night , , we had ordered the caprteted shelf too .
excellent product ! we order these regularly as our 95 lb . lab mix just loves them . we usually feed him one a day after his dinner .
just not sure what sort of healthy treats to put in for a little guy . i welcome any suggestions ! does anyone have a homemade recipe for kongs ?
cats liked and used often , but after a few weeks , the side panels fell off and it looked crummy in the room
this product when used with the corresponding ball / holder keeps my dog happy for long periods of time . she is a high chewer .
i bought this litter pan for my guinea pigs cage and this one is perfect for any guinea pig cage .
use this on my little cat as well as my outside stray , works and cleans well . i would recommend to anyone that has cats .
we use it for out 4 pound chihuahua and she loves it ! keeps her nice and snuggly when it's cold !
my two small dogs get one greenie every morning . i would love to think that they help keep their teeth clean while being their favorite treat .
i didn't give this 5 stars but only because it is more expensive than the other brands . my cats all love it !
my cat is not a big nut over catnip , but if he wants to wrestle , he'll go after thisoccasionally . seems better than other " kickers " .
would have been a 5 star if i could have purchases a larger size bag . this is superior feed and birds love it .
a convenient product for cleaning areas with acne breakouts . i use it for chin acne and pustule breakouts under front legs and thighs .
my blue ring neck parrot loves this.easy to use inside or on outside of cage.really easy to clean.good for his toe nails.thank you
my love birds loved the bits of different types of material including the wicker basket holding it . the perch made the chews easily accessible
my cats love this food . it's their favorite . i like that it's a pate .
my pup.is finicky about her treats . this one i feel.as though it is healthy and more importantly she enjoys it . would recommend
well ... this product passes the test of the small , hairy , picky beasts that rumble through our house ! they love these ducky-licious treats .
our dogs devoured this within two days - they love it ! i'd go for the larger size next time which hopefully will last a bit longer .
had to give this treat away to a friend with a dog.my dog didn't like it and had a hard time graspingit with his mouth
this is a high quality supplement that reduces inflammation and protects your health . i take it every day and i feel great .
my dogs love these and they have really helped my 10 year old get around better then he did before
this was very helpful for our dogs coat . not losing much hair anymore . iam very happy with the results so far
don't buy this . it's not quiet , it doesn't actually work on a 50 gallon tank , and it's mucky and dirty . hard to clean .
i wish they had actual dimensions . you think its one thing then you get it and it ends up being only three inches long .
amazing pads ! the size and price for them are great when you are on a budget . great quality and they last long .
great easy release collar , better than more expensive pet store brands . the pink is a very attractive shade as well .
i keep these on hand because my rescue puppy is inconsistent with the doggie door . they're great to have around .
this product works very well . our dog has a sensitive stomach and this helps keep everything in check . i would recommend this to every dog owner .
dog hates the beef flavor , i think it is just because she is a picky chihuahua ! she loves the other flavors .
works great on my long haired cat ! easy to use and easy to keep clean ! wish i had bought this years ago !
one of my dogs is an extremely picky eater so when i find a food he will eat without a problem i can safely recommend it to everyone .
my dogs love them and look forward to their treat twice a day . i believe they are addicted to them
item works perfect . i currently have this connected to a timer and is acting as my automatic top off system .
purchased for cats at a shelter , i am told they enjoyed every bite , recommended if you like to see clean plates and happy cats
our dogs love them . small packages keep them fresh . i would like a bigger bag if it would push the cost down .
fits well for my 3 month old yorkie : ) it is very soft and worm ! size was xxs fits well
it's an ok toy - - the feathers help , but to our cats it seems nothing greater than other toys that our cats have .
i bought these for my dog's food and these lids work perfectly . i've also used them on other canned goods and they work great too .
it is what it says it is , next time i am going to buy cheeze wiz and save alot of money .
we bought this for our kitten and with purified water he is really happy drinking from it . very good product
i was going to order this on a monthly basis but it was dropped from that program . it is a good product though .
i have used cosequin for cats many years , and it does seem to help them . this item was sent quickly and promptly .
my cat loves these light up balls . he goes nuts when he plays with his track and the lights are flashing .
a little smaller than i expected it to be but very sturdy . take care not to step on it , it's sharp ! ouch !
this products helped to sooth my dog's dermatitis . i recommend also because it is an easy to use spray ... quick , easy , and effective .
cats love it ! certain cats may not like this type of toy as they like to have the small ones to kick and scratch around with .
i have gallon bottles shampoo & even lotion . i now can pump it into smaller containers to use in my shower .
i bought a ton of these . my dogs love them . i go through tons of squeakers a day and justin beaver still holds up .
you pretty much need these for your litter genie , but the price for them is a bit ridiculous . other than that , they work as promised .
no thanks ... this smells terrible and does not remove any tangles . i want a refund on this , what a waste of money ...
my cat plays for hours with this mouse , we have to look closely to make sure it is not real .
they enjoy it most of the time but being picky they prefer the more expensive brand in the smaller cans . however , this fits my budget better !
my picky pup loves these . she took it and ran ! great deal for alot of treats also and they smell great .
best nail trimmer by far . simple and no extra features . my pups didn't mind doing it and i wasn't scared of cutting too much .
works great for my pet it did what i needed it too do it is easy to use and i would suggest it to others also just great
nice product for cleaning of my dogs ears . it definitely does help loosen dirt and debris from the dogs ears . will and have bought this product again .
began to fray within the first month . single layer construction and cheap . i purchased another within the first 2 months .
coleman stuffed amimals are the ultimate pet toys . they survive quite well with my 110 # german shepherd and ... he loves all of his coleman toys .
i trust blue buffalo's food and my dogs love this stuff ! i will continue to buy blue buffalo ! great stuff !
good stuff ! takes a month before you see results , but it has helped my old girl get around much better
my cat loves to chase these and they are made in the usa . look on amazon for cat and dog toys made in the usa they have many !
i like it but my baby yorkie don't like it . she'll get use to it , she wants me to hold her .
it looks like a moth flying around and my cats leap in the air to get it ! a great , cheap toy they will love .
waste of money , nice scent however this product does nothing ! puppy still urine in spot right after clean up . wouldn't recommend
my cat could hardly wait for me to give her this toy.she played with it quite awhile and sometimes carrys it from room to room .
these refills can be expensive , yet if you buy in bulk this eases the cost and they work so well that it is totally worth it .
i do like the quality of this wild bird food . the birds eat it well , although i'm not sure that the cranberry seeds are their favorite part .
the girls absolutely loved these.so much , in fact , that the chews disappeared within two days ... they must taste really good ...
ends are too big for most airlines to fit on easily . develops quite a bit of head loss / resistance in the valve too .
i have a very small dog and his hair was becoming matted around his neck with regular collars , this collar is great , no more mattiing problems .
this is my favorite toothbrush i've used for cats . just started using it but hopefully it will last for awhile .
stuff really works as advertised . our dogs coat is shiny and soft and we have noticed her shedding has been reduced greatly !
works perfect for small dogs like my dachshund . last cet toothbrush we had lasted a long time so i'm hoping this one will too .
these treats are the only ones my dog will eat . she loves them and she is happy and healthythis is the only treat for that makes her happy .
my fault , i bought the wrong product . i was looking for the canine version . too bad , i had to but the other stuff !
it's a big box of big liners with drawstrings . the plastic is quite strong enough for 10 pounds of litter . enjoy yourself .
you can never go wrong with a nylabone . mastiff proof , that says enough if they dont ' destroy it in five minutes nothing will . :)
does not pull on my dog's neck at all . she likes to wear it . i bought this size and one larger for when puppy grows .
this spray works like a charm and doesn't leave his fur sticky or greasy . my morkie isn't alergic to it either .
a cute little toy but too small for either my 20 pound dog or our 25 pound canine cousin . excellent price . gave it to the humane society .
they work , though you'll lose all your biological filtration when you replace them , causing your tank to recycle and stress your fish .
our pit bull loves these squeaky balls . she loves to chuck it . a must have . will be a returning customer .
will save a trip to the vets office .. the round tip is a god sent.makes it so safe no poking him her by accident
works well , stays n my waist , and the front pocket is good for plastic poop bags or special treats . nice product quality .
i saw this toy for twice the amount at a petstore .. i bought two on amazon because i could , the kitten loves to play with it .
i like the size but the plastic is very thin and flimsy . i fear it will be easy to chew through .
this was a new flavor to introduce to my cats . all three like this one , even the picky eater will eat it .
my doggy loves these treats we have been road tripping a bit and they are a fine nutritional snacks on long car rides and she is a picky eater ...
bought this for use on a min pin and it works really great . i would recommend it for any one with a short or long haired pet .
my daughter and i reviewed it and came to the conclusion that these might not be safe for the kitties . unfortunately , we ended up throwing it away .
i didn't give this product the highest rating because the carpeting constantly sheds . my kitten , however , thinks this is the best fun for leaping and climbing .
great to have for a multi cat home . other stores / products only come in sets of 3 , i have 4 cats .
boo and cassie really eat this like they have not had eaten in days . actually they eat every we hours .
my furry family members go nuts over this scratcher sprinkled with a little cat nip . buy this item and some extra cat nip !
been ordering these vitamines all along . great product ! very digestible and the girls enjoy taking their vitamines . will be ordering again soon .
my beagle doesn't even smell it or pick it up . my beagle picks up anything on the street . i returned it .
my cats love their pioneer drinking fountain and these replacement filters keep the water sparkling clean . i buy this product regularly and plan to continue to do so .
this is my puppy favorite chew chip . good quality product , made in usa , not some piece of junk . saves yours shoes .
all natural ingredients , smell good and my dogs love the flavor . i usually make my own biscuits and these are great for when i'm running low .
a great value at a good price ! a great size and value . a much better deal than in any store !
my 86 lb blackmouth cur loves it , it squeaks and looks like a real squirrel . has lasted for 3 days which is a record .
my dog likes the taste and eats chews but instill must crumble them up . she just doesn't like to eat things bigger than a small pea .
my corgi will not eat them no matter what , she just sniffs them and walks away , i tried breaking them in half and she wouldn't eat them
i love this toy more important my kittens do . i would tell people try it you can'tgo wrong.your cats will love this toy .
our yorkie was scared at first but after warming up to it he couldn't get enough ! an all time favorite !
i generally like nature's miracle , but this product did not get rid of the urine smell . i will still use the brand , but not this product .
clean ! love this - it is secure and pleasant smell for the poop bags . highly recommend for someone who look for durability and quality .
my cats are obsessed with this . they hide in it , run through it , and love the noise that it makes .
pads work great - they are also thicker than the ones i use to have and thicker is much better . fit into tray perfectly.works great
i adopted a dog with severe hip problems . the vet recommended supplements . i am on my second bottle and see a decided improvement in mobility .
have heard great things ! was recommended by friends who have been using them for rescue dogs . waiting to see the results /
turned around and my 40 pound dog had it in pieces in no time . he's pooping blue smurfs now . he's proud .
this product complies exactly what it promises . not lost any sphere purigen with this bag . the seachem products are excellent . recommend the use of this product .
now i have no trouble giving my dog her medicine . i would recommend these to any pet lover and owner .
i put these in my dogs toys and they love them . the fact that they play with it to eat them means they are exactly what i wanted .
well i have two cats and they love to eat this vitaminsbut i need to broken because is kind big but after thatis excelent product
my cat will sit and actually yell at me till she gets these for a treat ! she absolutely loves them ! !
since i have switched to the seachem products i have not lost a single fish . all there products are great for new and stabilized setups .
my dogs love these & they seem to be easily digestible . they are perfect midday treats ! will definitely purchase again !
my lab / pitbull cannot damage these balls ( which is amazing in itself ) . these are great and i won't buy any other brand .
just right for small pets . if yoou haave a small area to potty train they are terriffic . easy to use
only had to replace it once due to cats chewing of tail . they absolutely go crazy over it . i will always have one around .
i did not receive teh kong wubba , i received a regular kong , which i already had . too much effort to deal with an exchange .
this powerhead works great . i bought this to replace my old beat up koralias . i will continue to buy this as long as they keep making it .
dog eats it and he is really healthy and fit so that is all i am looking for .
used for my hamsters and rabbit . works great . very big bag last a while . would recommend to others thank you
perfect size.this pan is the perfect size for new kittens and you can purchase the right size liners for it .
its a cool little toy to fill with treat for the pups . they like it and it's made in usa which is always good .
this is just as nice as you would find in the store for $ 20 more in the store . it works well and is easy to put together
i love this just wonder how it's different than a babies rattle which are readily available and very cheap , also a bit big for mt tiny girl just yet
i love feliway and the price was great . with 3 cats and a feral colony practically in my backyard it keeps my indoor cats happy .
this has worked very well for our catgenie . we have even put this on a reoccurring order . it is great .
two of the bones are hard " breaks apart " pieces that only lasted about 30 minutes . the center bone was of the customary standard nylabone material .
i think these really do help my dog's joints . my roommate who walks him says he seems to be moving much better .
awesome tug toy for the price . for our last dog , i spent 3x as much on a rope for him and he shreded it within a month .
i like it but although is an x-small it didnt fit my yorkie that weight 2.10 lbs . this is more like a small size .
our two senior basenji's take these supplements and one of them is as selective as they get . he is our eldest and he loves the taste .
the cats love it . my kitten wants to play and chase it all the time , she wears us out . wouold recommend to anyone with cats .
while the texture of the leash is a bit rough , the thing works.the pulling problem has been minimized by at least 50 % .
the harness is sturdy and easy to put together , a lot better than collars that go around the neck . no complaints over here .
best for my dogs eyes , no more pink around eyes and also no pink stains on her mouth and paws , where she licks
this product is the perfect size to hold my rabbit's food . i am very happy with its size and believe that it will keep food fresh .
the rubber at the bottom of the bowl helps so much ! less of a mess and you don't hear it scratching the tile floor !
was great to watch my dogs interact with this noise making toy but it didn't hold up very well . gets four stars because my dogs loved it so much
looks nice , but neither dog will have anything to do with them ( and they are chewers , bully sticks , tendons , shoes )
not a bad product , had to modify the underside of the garment . it should be made pulled back a little for male dogs ..
my dog quickly learned to ring the bel when he needed to go outside.non obtrusive , nice color and quality .
all of the dogs like cesar canned food . this is no exception . mix it in with some dry kibble and they love it . my dogs recommend .
this is the best filter system i've used so far . it keeps the tank clean and clear . it is extremely quiet and easy to use .
my cat loves to sleep and play on this wonderful cat condo ! it's built very good and is sturdy ! i recommend this for all indoor cats !
for the money , they are okay , but i have upgraded to more expensive products that are easier on the hands .
very easy to use , quick shipper , i highly recommend for anyone with back problems and dogs that like to pull
my extreme chewer is making an extreme wreck of this . a giant elk antler lasts a week , this is going to last about two .
i also supplement his food with cod liver oil and all kinds of other healthy products . my dog sure smiles a lot .
some of my cockatiels love this basketball they even put the ball in the basket lols however they will break it after a while remove it after ^ ^
a well made , cute design , cat food or water dish . bear in mind it's a deep dish , so best used for dry food or water .
basic test kit that does the job and is easy to use and understand . would suggest it to a friend
not for typical aquariums but for huge aquarium water changes or pond water changes this is the stuff you want .
greenies aren't cheap . i price shop them constantly and allow one greenie per dog per day . amazon consistently has the best price " per greenie " .
my lab chews up all his toys but this one has lasted through some pretty serious tug of war sessions .
this is the biggest rope toy ever.my pup loves it and always wants to pick it up.seems quite durable .
great deal , fast shipment , great service as always . the dogs love it and i love not having to go to the store everytime i need a pack
sturdier than the other producs and last longer . cats love the toy . i have had this toy for quite some time now .
was easy to set up and it's fairly light , so i can transport it . does the job and is sturdy .
i have counted on royal canin for my yorkies for years . it was nice to have it come right to the door .
didn't get the color of the item that was shown . didn't realize or notice anything in the description saying the colors could vary upon receipt .
bowls are made of good quality stainless steel and well made . they seem like the will be very long lasting and dishwasher safe .
just order this today , but i guess everything should be okay as my previous experience dealing with amazon is good , nothing is worried about it .
i like this one hours of play though i had to get them started , but the battery goes dead so i suggest you buy spare balls .
this was to big for my puppies but it is a nice toy . i would recommend to someone that had a large dog .
does what it's suppose to and you don't need to use much the get the desired effect to treat new water .
the leash is beautiful , well made and going to last a long , long time . rogz really are wonderful .
pet would not have anything to do with these . stairs were too high for smaller pets . large gap between top of stairs and the higher mattresses .
our cats all enjoy this . and it is good to know that they are getting blaanced nutrition .
works well on my short-hair lab-pit mix but not on my long-hair german shepherd . i'm happy with it for the short-hair thought .
this works fast so careful easy to overdo your pups paws . this is great and leaves a smooth flawless finish .
product lasted around a week , seams were pulling out along with stuffing ... if you have a dog without any teeth buy it .
works to a certain extent , seems to treat bacteria infection but a little weak on parasites.this product is also invertebrate safe if you don't overdose .
my little dog who is the pickiest eater ever loves these ! she wont eat very many treats but these she loves .
it's a good product , the feral cats enjoy it and it's higher quality than commercial store bought ones . also the birds like it .
this is a nice leash for cats light weight and doesnt bind up.this would also work well on small puppys .
i like that this toy is easily adjustable for different sized treats and that you can take it completely apart for a good cleaning .
i love the iris play pen with the extenders for the puppies i have . looks nice , holds the puppies safely and is easy to put together !
my cats will chase it but then again they'll chase a piece of tin foil . this is literally smaller than half my thumb .
this is one of the few harnesses i love for large dogs-it is easy to put on and fits great . no gapping or awkward fits . definitely recommend it
this is one of two odor eliminators that i now use . this one is a good cleaner also and leaves a pleasant scent .
i added this extra test to my weekly testing kit because i'd been treating my water during an ick attack . it works fine !
not worth the money i paid for it . my dogs won't even play with it and it just collects all the dust and lint on the floor
my westie prefers this dry food over any other non-vegetarian brand . she happily eats everything i put in her bowl .
ppb way more then 250 but who's counting .. lol .. shipped fast was very happy just wish i could order them again :( thosefishgeeks . com
i pruchased the pet products as they are available on line and easier to purchase . the vet does not carry this products .
i have now shaved my dogs hair , but when it was longer this helped get the matts out . it does a good job
did not work for post surgery . we ended up having to buy a cone because he could reach his stitches with the collar .
fits dog food cans perfectly as well as soup cans , etc ! i will be ordering more soon now ! good quality & price , thanks ! !
i have 2 small shih-tzus and they are huge fans of these treats . i am happy with the ingredient list and feel good giving them to my dogs .
i agree with all of the other reviews , as my cat loved her boomerang catnip toy also and it was a great purchase
great for my goldendoodle . she loves bright colors . it has a sturdy clasp . it washes well . just what she wanted /
my chinese algae eater didn't even touch them ): i'm saving them for my future amano shrimps though :) i'm sure they'll love them
this is sturdy , doesn't tip over , and long lasting . cats love it and use it all the time . would buy again .
the emery cat board scratchers are great . my cats took to them immediately . it's nice to find a scratcher they actually use .
my mini-doxies love these ... two a day keep the dentist away ! these do not create digestion problems and my doxies ask for them .
good quality , sturdy and i love the color , bought 1 to try it out . will buy another for our other dog .
great for my dwarf hamsters ... just the opening can get loose but just a little piece of tape and it will stay good .
my sister's dog actually looks forward to taking her meds with these . we don't have to shove them down her throat anymore .
my four little house dogs love these nylabones . helps keep their teeth clean . i like nylabones because it take them longer to chew the product .
my to boxers love these ! they go crazy everytime i take all three down . they run and throw these around . just an awesome toy !
this item helped in " crate " training my puppy . i give it to her every night before she went to sleep .
my dogs loved this product and have chewed them all up . will order them again as soon as they go on sale !
great item , wonderful training tool for my pit bull puppy . made very well .
this works and it did not irritate our cats . some other brands do ! i stick with frontline .
our cats love this . we have three cats . they play on it and nap on it . so glad we bought this . definitely recommend this
mid west crate company makes some great crates . good quality , good size , looks like picture . i even use midwest crates at my dog daycare .
so far my aggressive chewer has not shredded this apart which is saying alot . he seemes to enjoy it as well .
another great deal - - front porch delivery of my cat food ! just carry it in the house and fill up the cat food container ! * grin *
the sqeaking drove me nuts and i had to give it away . looked nice but if i could replace the squeaker with catnip it would have been perfect .
bentley is now 17 1/2 weeks . he was 14 weeks when we received this harness and it works perfectly for him . he is now 7 1/2 lbs .
they are made with pumpkin which is healthy for digestion.made without all of the junk ingredients in them.would recommend them !
whether you live in a single or multi-cat home fortiflora is excellent at treating bowel issues and maintaining intestinal health .
i have used these on my dog and they work well but i thought he needed a heavier dose since he weighs a bit more .
uncomfortable looking , cheaply made , not enough stuffing , doesn't look like it will wash well , sorry i spent the money on it
so cat friendly . easy to clean . pockets , very secure . i love the color too . i really like how the carrier is soft & not plastic
this is really a pretty collar . very classy as well as sassy ! collar is comfortable and well made . nice job !
pup loves these treats and i give her pieces of them when we go outside for potty breaks . i would recommend
no complaints , looks great , no errors in spelling for a quarter of the price of the ones you get in petco
to hard little dogs can not chew . had to give them away to neighbors with bigger dogs wast of money
i got 2 of these for my bullmastiff pups . they throw it in the air play tug with it and simply enjoy the awesome play
i purchased this for my 5 1/2 pound wire haired mini dachshund . small was a perfect fit . very attractive and comfortable for her .
the product doesn't work . made the hair on my maltese more tangled and she is combed every day . will not purchase again .
i bought these for my dogs to prevent grass burns . my dogs did not like the taste of the biscuits .
i used this for 3 months ( changed them every month ) . no behavior changes in any of the four cats . they still pee like crazy everwhere .
this stuff works well but you do end up with purple paper around ... we have to brush buddy our guinea pig off before we can hold him ...
perfect for the price and my dog loved it . a nice product for a nice price . good quality as well .
my bunny loves this litter . however , every time she pees it turns to clay making a very hard mess to clean out .
i was having hard time to trimming my cat nail till have this item , now it is very easy and safe ..
i returned this fountain . i went back to my old petmate fountain instead . this was not what i wanted now .
i did encounter a fish infection and this helped cleared them right up . do not buy when its time . always be prepared .
have uses many hagen products over the years and have always found them to be top notch . this does exactly as advertised at a reasonable price .
opened the package and parts fell off , tried to use it but did not work , i sent it back for refund was no issues
i've been buying these treats for my cats for years . i was very happy to find a way to save money buying them in bulk .
great brush ! my dogs love being brushed with this ! it definitely attracts hair ! i think it works better on dry hair .
i wasn't happy about the shipping charge . the product is sturdy and the cats use it daily along with the other scratching posts available for their use .
great product for my dog . keeps her coat shiny and helps with her arthritis etc . i would recommend this product !
very good product , and the price could not be beat ! will certain buy again . hopefully the price continues to be so good .
we use these balls every day.we stuff the insides with small " charlie bear " treats.both of our girls love them .
hard wood and perfect for my little puzzle guy . he's so smart , can figure them all out . gotta get more puzzles !
this was a very beautiful dog pajamas , very pleased with it , well made , would recommend to my friends love it
my dogs certainly liked it , but dont buy it as a chew at all . my guys had eaten their pieces within 2 minutes or less .
this is a large food holder . however , if it came in other colors that would be fun . it is nicely made and easy to clean .
really have only used one and assume the others will work as well as the one i have used . thanks !
it does exactly what it claims.very easy to rinse and leaves the coat very nice . no strong aroma either . i only used one soaping though .
this mat helps my little chihuahua to reach her bowl to eat without the stool sliding around on the wood floor . i really like this mat .
but have poor quality material , but hey you have what to pay formy cat use this and in one week are gone , come on time
cats love it , all cats go crazy in the house , works way better than any kind that doesn't have a string attached .
kong has the squeaky ball [ tennis type ] nailed - - both dogs love them and ball obsessed abby carries them everywhere even when they are torn up .
had to return it because it's smaller than i expected . our puppy are more nervous standing on smaller size platform but it's good quality though
this little pump is actually completely silent and super powerful . can barely believe the pricing at less than $ 10.00 . highly recommend this one .
my puppy loves this and it makes travel so easy . plus i know she is getting all the nutrition all she needs
i like it was nicer than i expected . very pleased . nice for my dog to grow into . i bought a little big on purpose .
they're poop bags that do the job and look exactly like the colors pictured . i got exactly what i expected from this product . would buy again .
kitty will use it when we're flying for sure . he already has given it a good sniff . guess that stands for something .
not much to say here ... good ferret travel dish . limits spills . we dig it . we recommend it . this review requires 20 + words :)
my cats love these treats they are easy to eat and several per bag for a serving size . happy cats :) ! ! !
great product to train the cats and dogs to keep away from areas wanting to be preserved from cat scratches and dog hair .
all my fishes love this food . i have a 10 gallon tank with 5 comet goldfish , 4 red platy and 2 electric green glo-fish .
it's pretty big but thats a good thing , i wanted that ! it's nice and colorful , the bird was interested in it .
my 8 week old boston terrier loves this ball . is it very soft and extremely durable . he loves chasing after it . highly recommend .
sturdy little scooper . been using it for over a year while leaving it outside against a fence in the backyard , and still going strong .
this stuff is okay when my premium cat litter isn't available , but the stuff sends up dust . won't buy it again .
this is a great crate for our new puppy ... she takes her naps in it and sleeps in it at night
this muzzle is not too tight and is a soft material . it keeps my dog from biting me when i put on his flea treatment .
best filters and media by fluval making my tank crystal clear and wonderful to clean , no horrible fish odor till you clean the filter media ..
my dog loves this even over other expensive dry foods . this has the advantage of being very nutritious and healthy .
my cats like the food and i like not having to go out to a store to buy it it .
one of our dogs is highly anxious ... about a lot of things and wearing the coat does help her . it was worth every penny .
the dog drooled the first time she was given one , and shes not a drooler . so i guess she approves !
this fits perfectly in my dog's crate , hangs straight , and is the perfect size so that she stays hydrated . love it !
the cat chases these all over the house and cannot get enough of them ! he flings them up in the air and attacks !
mega size . oh yes . if your dog tends to miss , then these are for you . not super thin . good quality .
these are very cool & even though my dog didn't wear them for too long the first time i am still working on it .
i give this to my 9 year old rottie and it sure has helped . she likes the flavor , much better than the wafers .
this is a great value and long lasting for my 2 dogs ; compared to others this is the best investment ; well worth the money
works as expected . the lock gets stuck sometimes , but it is nothing major . i recommend this ! it is durable and sold for a great price !
i was pleased with this door and installation was a breeze . the price was good also . very satisfied with this purchase !
i have noticed his teeth are getting a little whiter . hoping after continual use that they will be totally free of tartar .
we take this camping and our dog loves it . it is very durable . i recommend it to anyone looking for something for the outdoors .
well made , working great and holding up well . less expensive than the same thing at the local big box pet store .
leash n brand . highly recommend . lools great with a black dog . study not like hard study like study holds up well
the best dog collar i ` ve ever used.plastic is very good quality and durable . reflective stitch is very useful.strongly recommended .
been buying pro plan sensitive skin and stomach for the past few years . recommend it for cats who barf up their dry food .
my dog had this toy less than 5 minutes before it was trash . unless you have a dainty dog , i wouldn't buy this .
i bought this for my mice's enclosure and it does the trick ! it eliminates stinky mouse pee odor very well and it's not a bad price .
my cat isn't interested in this toy . it seems reasonably well made , but he played with it for a little while and now ignores it .
this stuff works well but they need to change the title on the page ... it's not " dog remover " !
the cats played with it for only a few minutes then lost interest . it seems to be a waste of money .
gave this as a gift for a new kitten and it is loved by both the kitten and the owner . it is very unique and comfy .
my cat can smell this even if i start opening the jar behind closed doors . he loves this stuff , and it really is super potent .
it's pretty good . the gauge is not too strong though . the tray is metal not plastic so other people can be better informed .
excellent . i am very satisfied with this product . my fish were more active and exuberant color . i use this product to prevent diseases like cichlids
using it right now with the divider panel , so it is half size for our 11 lb puppy . light weight and easy to set up !
just make sure when ordering this you order enough . you might need 2 grams + 1 gram and its hard to tell from the product description .
this is one of several nylabone chews that i got for my two pom pups . they are great for puppies who are teething .
very good against cat smells ! i feel i will buy this product again in the future . i hope this company never stops making this wonderful product !
i have been feeding my semi-aggressive fish hikari cichlid gold floating for many years with great results & healthy fish . it also is amazing for showing their colors off
i have tried a bunch of these balls and they always break , this one has been standing up to the punishment of two dogs .
tilly loves the squeakin ' balls ! they are her favorite toy , even without the iqube ! i would definitely order these again .
loved it too well . gone in less than a month . i have a 60 pound gsd . i would get it again .
works well on my three chihuahuas . they get theirs ears cleaned biweekly and this leaves them clean and smell free .
finally a product that actually works . my friend has 3 cats & you wouldnt know unless you saw them . the whole reason for purchasing
i like this litter because it leaves a lot less dust in the house . the cats are using it and don't seem to have any issues with it .
sits up and begs for these and gobbles them down when put in her bowl . she always looks forward to the treats when she hears the bag open .
worked well ... left my cat's fur a little stiff and tacky but helped his skin / fur problem ... not messy to use ... no offensive smell .
puppy has great time but did not last long as it is not very chewproof . good for gentle chewers though and fun
my dog broke it very easy but thats now new , it was fun for him while it lasted :) :)
this toy is tuff enough to take the beating from a busy group of dogs . plenty of squeakers to go around and this well made toy will last !
one of the 2 bulbs i purchased stopped working 6 days after it was received . i will not be purchasing this bulb again .
works very well and helped clear up my puppies ' skin issues asap ! it left them smelling wonderful ! ! i love it !
there's a bed of little gelatinous pellets that got all over the place . my cat didn't eat it , still eats my pothos instead .
i believe these are way better for my dog then rawhides and she loved them . she does go through them fairly quick though
works like a charm ! got my puppy to stop biting the corner edges of my crown molding !
my chihuahua does not mind getting his teeth brushed at all with this product . it works great and he has nice white teeth when used twice a week .
these harden over time - - about a year or two . they may still feel somewhat soft , but it is well worth replacing them regularly
my teacup poodle jolie loves her new feeding bowl . i bought two one for her water and one for her food .
my cats love fancy feast , but this is better for them ( they will not eat the extra high quality stuff ) and they will eat it .
came well packaged and the pup loves it . she is 9 wks and starting to chew so this is great . cheaper than in the stores .
my mistake . this toy seems well constructed , but much too big for our pup . it is put away for awhile !
this is an annual purchase for us . it is a good price and has worked better than other brands . thank you .
the kong dental kong with rope , dog toy , medium , red is a perfect toy for tug or war games . my boys love it
my dog loves these chews and they keep his teeth clean . the large size is big enough for my 55 pound samoyed
sweet feet and beak safety pumice perch for birds , my bird loves to hung out on it all day when he's out side of the cage
this works great on my long haired cat . not so much on the great pyrenees . fortunately i also ordered a coarse one for her !
this is good dog food and my fussy yorkie eats it without a problem . plus he's a little fussy , too !
my pup has larger ball that makes much more noise . i threw it and it would make small noise . dog love the largerbroken one better .
bought this for a mini poodle undergoing physical therapy . it is well made and the measurements given are accurate .
my dog loves these and they are made in the usa yea . she could eat 5 a day if i let her .
does doesn't recognize as food . sure it's healthy , but with no flavor or taste to attract dog . not a hit in our house .
this is a simple solution to dealing with a massive 44 pound bag of dog food . it has wheels and rolls right into the pantry ! perfect !
one of my dogs is picky , so i'm not surprised there , but the other will eat anything and she still won't touch this ! very disappointed .
i put it in my tank for about a month ( 6 gallons ) it turned brown with alge but so did the tank .
good tem and quality . i chose by price , it is necesary to include some instructions to avoid injuries in my cat
been using these for 16 years ( not one bone , but several ) . very popular and we really love this product . woof
i have two indoor cats & take care of one spayed feral female cat . they lick off the gravy and leave the rest behind .
didn't have all ingredients listed online but i had to return due to some of the ingredients as my dog has several food allergies .
glutten-free , less than 2 calories per bite ... yea , princess can live with that
i purchased this to replace a broken pill gun . the pill gets stuck in the plastic end every time instead of going into the cats mouth
i love this scoop . it is just perfect for scooping fresh cat litter into the box . great size and very sturdy .
we played fetch with this twice and it was pulled apart . not sturdy enough for the bulldogs to play with ...
it helped my dog stop marking around my house which is carpetted with white fluff carpeting ! trust me this stuff works !
my dog loves different brands and he says these are as good as it gets , for good price too . groovy
this leash is great ! the quality is good and the reflective stitching is super . for the price , i ordered 2 more !
helps to keep parasites and fungus levels low in a fresh water tank . good for keeping cichlids happy .
great supplement for all my dogs . i feed raw and like to give the extra omega 3 ' s . this fits the bill .
great for small pets only . very durable , easy to clean and easy to store if i am not using it .
low calorie and she just loves them . you can crush them and sprinkle over kibble for fussy pets . great treats .
these bones are great for my teething puppy - they keep her so occupied and she absolutely loves them ! the price is great for how long they last .
a big relief of some sort to know it's made here and not china ... my dog loves it ... and always begs for more . thank you .
my kitties love this toy . it's a rattle and something that they can throw up in the air and catch . fast shipment . thank you so much .
great balls . great big balls . my crazed chocolate lab hasn't managed to even put the slightest dent in this type . color makes it easy to spot .
nice . i gave it as a gift to 3 cats who i am told , enjoy it very much . nice container .
great collar.our girls grab each other's collars when they wrestle.this one is weathering all assaults.worth the price .
my dog loves to play with this kong toy . he acts surprised every time a treat comes out of it .
my cats love this . and it keeps them from scratching my furniture . they also like the catnip that comes with it .
all my cats love this food . a bit too much . some got fat and i had to portion their food !
this is a good deal for what has become a staple in my household of two cats . love this product and will continue to buy .
great stuff . lives up to its purpose . makes cleaning bile much easier . since i'm the only one in my house that does it ...
i have these for all my dogs . i change collars often and these are wonderful . makes moving there tags from collar to collar a breeze .
to tell you the truth ... nothing stops them from pulling . there is not harness made that will do that ; training will .
seems dry to me , but the dogs like it . they also come in little snack sizes . haven't seen any complaints about the company , seems healthy
spraying this with the application for the cat itself helped get rid of the fleas for good haven't seen any after first use .
not only is it more comfortable for my dog but it is soft on the objects in the house . double win !
works like a charm - but kind of expensive for plastic ! but it is definitely worth not having to go out in the cold and untangle the dog .
it's okay if the poop is hard , but soft poop makes a mess . not that easy to get out of deep grass .
we have recently moved and our dog has an allergy to something in our yard . using these have help to lower the irritation to his skin .
great for my rotti , he knows it when i tug on it and he immediately responds . heavy duty and excellent quality !
these dental chews do the job between brushings . my boxer , zeus , loves the chews because he takes his time whenever he gets one !
as cats get older they may forget where to go potty . this has a pleasant smell and works very well . very inexpensive also .
good tool for scraping tartar off my dog's teeth . with five dogs , even daily brushing , occasional tartar can build up .
its not the best but hey its cheap and effective just the way i like it i use it for my 55 gallon tetra tank
holds enough treats for a day out walking . well made and i like that it clips onto your belt . well worth the money !
i have seen no difference in my cat's behavior at all with this product . i feel it is a waste of money .
my kitten likes the variety that this pack provides . i might put this cat food on amazons auto-delivery plan . another great deal from amazon !
he looks so , good in this shirt . he walks around the house . he loves it as well . thank you very much .
my dogs would eat these 24/7 if i let them . work great for rewards . i have 7 dogs and all 7 love these .
its a good product . the fish like it . they stay healthy on this diet and gobble it up so quickly .
well worth the money , handles make it easier to hold when your cutting a puppy . nice size for a small dog .
this conditioner applies really nicely and makes my dog's coat feel sleek and wonderful . have only used once , but really like it this far !
i started on this product in 2005 after knee surgery.it has been an excellent supportive product and i will continue to use it .
cat seems to enjoy this , but the catnip does not seem to be as potent as some of her other catnip toys .
this medication works very well for my small dog who has a problem with her front paw .
the makers claim it is nearly indestructible . my dog had chewed it and swallowed it in mere seconds . don't waste your money .
i like this collar , and will look to purchase a bigger one in the future as my puppy continues to grow .
useless for us at least . i gave it away brand new and hopefully someone else can make use of it .
definitely no complaints yet . great size so i feel like i'm giving a substantial treat but i can still give a few in a day .
indestructible . keeps my dog busy for a at least 1/2 hour trying to get small pieces of cereal out . love that you can change the difficulty level .
i have used these vitamins for a few years now and believe they have helped to keep my dogs healthy and happy ! well worth the price .
i needed this because my dog lost one of these from his collar worked just like and original . collar works well
pros : airtightpracticalmodern designmobilequick accessbuilt-in scoopereasy to cleancons :p ricey $ $ also great for : rice storage
these perches are great for small birds . you can put them any wheres in the cage because they screw to the bars .
i had to give handfuls to my st . bernard - these are much smaller than anticipated . he liked them , though .
bought two of these for our kitchen.are well made , sturdy and easy to keep clean . and they stay where you put them . great product !
my dogs loved it although both love fetch . ball is indestructible ! ! ! bounce well on concrete or asphalt . very heavy , not good indoors .
we got a blue one and my cat likes it . i'm trying to teach her to pay fetch with it . maybe one day ...
great for my english bulldog . he absolutely loves this and not allergic to as well since i've had that problem with alot of things
my bag of cat food fits in here perfectly . no more ants getting into the food ! the lid opens & closes very easily too .
says its loud its not my dogs just ignore it use a can with rocks in it does same thing as clicker only dogs respond faster to it
i just wish it repelled the buggers , not just killed them after they bit . not very safe in tick town .
i've heard it helps with stress so i place a small amount with every water change . i use less than the recommended dosage .
friskies is not great food but my ferals eat it up . this was a good price and variety is always good .
item came with the harness strap frayed . i called company , new one arrived within days . very happy with purchase , would purchase again !
we use these summer and winter to train our pups it works well and can be washed off with the hose .
the thing burnt out in just a month or two and i feel completely ripped off for a $ 18 bulb .
i am asked to rate this every single month and am tired of it but amazon has this on autopilot . they work fine .
fish love it , they seem happy when i feed it to them so i will keep buying it . does not seem to cloud the water
my dog loves this tooth paste . he loves the taste and loves for me to brush his teeth . hopefully this will make his teeth little bit whiter
what a good food for the price . it is 5 stars and dogs love it and do well on it .
it was a lot smaller than i imagined but still my dog loves it and hasn't destroyed it yet so i approve
fun for dog owner to use . standard tennis ball can be used . now if we could just get the puppy to bring the ball back !
i have them just in case , used it twice just to try it out . it's ok , not very comfortable but you can get used to it
terrific distraction for the chewer in your family . great for playing with other chewers in run and catch games . just the right squeak to catch attention .
this is one of the only toys my pup has that she hasn't eaten or destroyed . she loves it and carries it around all day long .
easy to feed , clean-up and the best thing is it's loved by my aussie , as an alternative to always feeding raw ...
this was nice quality , not too heavy like some pens , i like that it included the closures and even stakes also !
my fussy spoiled mutts really like this food . not made in usa is a worry but so far so good .
we have a few collars for my dog because she can be a little over zealous . this one has been sturdy and held up well .
this is an easier way to buy a case and often times cheaper then buy a single case of one type of food .
the collar works well , in case to replace the lost one . very recommended , without regret .. so , 5 stars ...
just for fun it is ! pups love the squeaking noise and i don't have to worry they'll be eating stuffing after chomping on this several times !
i was so surprised that my dog didn't like them . i know dogs are suppose to be crazy for antlers . he does like bully sticks though .
it is not so hard that my little 3 pound yorkie can handle . she likes the taste and smell . it's a winner .
this duffle bag was the perfect size for what i need to carry to a show or trial . it is well made and looks attractive
the dogs love these ! they literally line up for them and gobble them up ! recommended to all dogs , . smells flavorful and chewy .
this is a cool little box , i have used it in a few different applications and i'm very pleased with it .
returned the item without difficulties . concept sounded good but quality was not there . the pieces did not stay together and i would not recommed the cat toy
super cute and durable . it's nicely made , good paw print design , and great color choices . i love this little collar .
my dogs love it.its label resembles what i call ' comfort food ' . dogs eat it well and i feel home sweet home kind of comfort .
my dog loves these . they last for days , and the 12 - pack is a great deal because they will last for months .
it took too much to use up for 3 dogs they liked it but i dont like it . i wont try again
very good scale ! if you need this to track your cat or small dogs weight , this is the perfect scale .
this is probably a good purchase for a larger dog . it appears to be very durable ; but too large for my 2 year old pom .
the dogs seem to like it okay , but the kibble is very tiny and not helping clean their teeth . all my dogs are 8 to 18 pounds .
our puppy loves this toy . we've had our pup for two weeks and she's on working on the refill toy already . came online to order more !
this is a good basic dog collar at a good price . nice color selection as well . it is easily adjustable and my dog has no complaints .
excellent product . it has completely changed my house - no odor , no litter , just happy cats and happy me .
nice construction but the sizing is all off its a large for toy dogs but it looks nice maybe to hold treats
my holland lop loves these ! he goes through a few a week , and i love that they're healthy for him !
a lcd light would have scored this product 5 stars ... the length of the cord is perfect for everything . defiantly worth the price .
very soft and cushiony ! ! sleeps on it every night usually . it's in her crate as the crate liner . thanks midwest :)
cats go crazy for this bird . they will play with it for hours . all the da-bird products work well for our cats !
this past the first test ... my dogs loved it . provides much needed ingredients in a tasty treat . i was not disappointed .
premium food with a mid-range price . my dog loves this and has had no issues adjusting to or eating it for a few months now .
she loves the taste of it and helps her tremendously . i can highly recommend it.consider it for your pet if they have any gastro issues .
light weight . works ok , but not sure how durable it will be . should be fine for small dog . small snap .
this keeps my 20 gallons crystal clear , and i love not having to worry about my cycle being lost unlike most other hob filters . 
. bought this for our puppy and it's so funny when it makes the noises . we enjoy it too as we get a kick out watching his reactions .
my cat loves these toys . i have bought several packages because he always seems to lose them under the fridge . he carries them around in his mouth .
this is one of my dog's favorite chew toys . size is perfect for times when my pup must be crated .
this stuff really works and i irder it on a regulaly basic it last 30 days and is really a fair price
the replacement treats are expensive but without them , this toy is totally ignored by my dog . it is not ' fun ' toy .
this product works better than a lot of others that are labeled for skunk odor removal for dogs . wish it would come in a larger size .
this is so much easier than trying to open fish oil pills or getting the salmon pump of the oil and the dog loves them .
the dogs seem to love these but i just am not convinced that greenies help with teeth .
best millet on amazon tried other milllet bird refused to eat it had to throw it out and order this millet
good veggie supplement . dogs love it . helps one fussy puppy eat her main meal with more zeal ! i would buy again and recommend this item .
my dogs love this and it keeps their weight perfect . i know it is healthy for them so i'm happy .
like the product . the cats like the product and generally eat it with little fuss . mix with wet food for best results .
the package of three refills is a much better deal than buying individually . these work great with my litter genie .
this will last a very long time for my two little pups . wont have to hit the stor for quite a while .
just won't risk it - my pets are like family . there are similar treats made in the u . s . that my dogs enjoy just as much .
when inserted into the everlasting treat holder this treat kept my dog busy for several hours while she chewed it out .
chewed apart in 1 day.my 7mo lab managed to untie the ropes and methodically chewed each off . not for this power chewer .
my cat adores these springs . this is by far his favorite toy . he will play for hours with these on the hardwood floor .
very small . they will work for around the eyes . but i would not order them again . i do not think they will last .
depending on where you live , your local feed store may have this product at lower price ( ours did ) . hasn't attracted goldfinches yet but still hoping .
my dog likes this but will not chew it much because it is very hard . he is an older dog so maybe a pup would enjoy it more .
my little dog wore out her first hedgehog and had to fine the exact same one . this one fit the bill . she can't live without it .
our mastiff loves this toy . it is strong and durable . but best for him is that it has two different sounding squeakers .
this is a fun toy for your dog . my dog just loves it and carries it all around . buy one .
my 30 - pound dog loves this toy ! he pounces on it , runs after it and chews it . endless fun .
i have 4 small dogs and these are the perfect night time treat to help keep their teeth clean . they are recommended by our vet .
can you say magic ? cause pretty sure that's what this machine does.enough said . it can keep a 115 gallon tank with 115 medium sized midas sparkling clean .
i like knowing there is a limited amount of extras in the food . it does not smell bad . my dog loves all the flavors .
these worked amazingly . this whole filter was leaps and bounds ahead of the tetra whisper i had before . this filter is amazing .
my black lab likes this toy and we find it in the most unusual places around the house . still intact after several months and easy to clean !
this product worked very well for our cat . using this comb helped us make our cat more comfortable while we tried to get rid of the fleas .
this is a big hit with all of my cats . they could chase it for hours and it is good exercise for them . i use it everyday .
wish they were bigger but keeps 99 % of the litter that my cats take out of the litter pan off my floor .
my cats love the extra gravy . great price . easy convenient pouches , so no clean up at all - which is great .
my buddy bear is in love with these little snacks . he gets all excited every time he sees me going for the bag ! ! he loves em !
cats like these . no clinical trial results here . only reporting a subjective observation that cat behavior appears somewhat less anxious .
what can you say , holds crap . light to hook to leash , convient and classier than walmart bag da ta da ta ..
most kong products are superior . however , this item was a great disappointment . the location for placing treats was poorly constructed
it's the right size for a kitten . when he gets feisty and starts scratching my hand , i just give him this to kick and scratch .
product was not as i expected . it was nothing more than non latex balloons used for dog shoes . overpriced for what you get .
my dog is hard to please but this soft mat is her favorite place to rest . cleans easily in the wash , too !
works very well with my animals . easy to use and administer medicine . my dogs do not fight the plungers and are happy to cooperate .
my arthritic old fella thinks he's a pup again ! excellent value at this price , and he asks for his " treat . "
i've been feeding the honest kitchen foods for going on 7 years . the health benefits have been undeniable . i wouldn't feed my dogs anything else !
my cats love the tub . they play in it all day and it is a nice way to keep them busy .
great price , easy to assemble and looks good . soft carpet areas with sisal scratching areas that cats love . prime shipping :) ) )
i gave this as a gift , & the dog liked it so much , he chewed the bees to get to the squeakers .
the dog beds were just what i expected . the dogs loves them . i like the removable covers . makes it easy to keep the beds clean .
needed a filter badly , my water was starting to cloud up . this cleared up my water within a few hours , even my family noticed .
looks cute hanging in the rabbit hutch but the rabbits have not touched it unfortunately . they would rather chew their hutch which is annoying .
i really like this belt . it works perfectly and my puppy doesn't mind it at all . we keep it in the glove compartment . absolutely no complaints .
great product - my dog loves them and they're healthy . but there arent ver many in the package which makes them a bit pricey .
perfect for our little fluff ball . it is probably one of the best brushes for cotons and other dogs with flluffy soft hair
love all the furminator products . they all live up to the name . i will use it for both dog and cat .
i'd give it five stars , but my dod did eventually break it down after about two weeks ( his average is about three days for well-built toys ! )
the sherpa carriers are just wonderful . well constructed , very durable , good ventilation , convenient to carry , attractive and comfortable for our toy breed pets .
this looks very sturdy . it comes with two little rings in different sizes.it looks like it's going to last longer than the id .
it looks a lot better then the old sheet i used to use on the couch . it does need readjusting from time to time but i expected that .
yes , this is a nice quality cat food , and has been well-received here . i like that it doesn't smell gross , either .
this litter box works wonderfully ! my cats love it and it helps to keep the litter from getting all over the floor . just what the doctor ordered !
my dog loves these treats . we love them because they are made in the usa , not china . cute shape too .
my cats absolutely love this scratcher . it is large enough that they can totally stretch out . they couldnt be happier
our chinchilla eats these and like throwing them around his cage . they're a good occasional alternative to regular timothy hay , and nice for travelling .
my three cats love all these toys , this one , the tracks with the balls , the cat grass one , they love them all !
our gsp loved this but promptly destroyed it within around 10 minutes . not worth the money for such a short life .
a lovely little lady i was helping sponser received this and multiple other gifts . as far as i know she is loving each and every piece !
my dog takes these with no problems ... you don't need to use peanut butter . i've bought these vitamins for 3 years and am very satisfied .
my pup seems to like it but the cookie doesn't seem to want to come out of the middle like the regular kong toy ?
my cat just tends to pretty much jump over it , which defends the purpose . if it was about 2-3 " longer and wider would have been better .
good options , nice to have more when you lose them , or to share with your kids . happy with the purchase .
good toy for dog , where i can see it will last . i put peanut butter in and it keeps my dog's attention for a time .
my cats love this . they all try to fit on it at the same time . i like that they have some where to lay outside .
works well with the cats ! they like it so i like it ! ! happy cat happy home ! have been using tidy cat for years !
great product , really cleans my dogs teeth , they love the taste , and they love the chewing factor with these chews .
been using it for years at every water change and it works great , better than any other product i have tried .
easy to use with twist off in the middle , no complaints . the rest of this message is to fill in the 20 character requirement , sorry .
my dogs love these and i love that they are add on items . great price ! ! ! it's worth it ! !
my cats urine and feces doesnt track so much litter on the floor when scooping it up . very easy to use
very nice grip on the handle . well made . i would recommend for dogs with heavier coats than my long-haired chihuahua . good value .
sturdy leash , bright colors , would be five stars if it was reflective and the leash hook was a little smaller .
i have an olde english bulldogge and she devoured the orange part it in minutes , ended up throwing it away
they can't seem to get enouogh , so this is great reward treats for training . they seem willing to do anything for a greenie .
it stopped my dog from scratching her ears after one application . iordered a second bottle for my neighbor and she had similar results .
i think there are the aftermarket version of the original , but well they work and that's all it matters . they fit well into my aquaclear 20 .
fits cans of friskies . easy to snap on and off . much better than the one i had earlier . haven't tried it on other size cans yet .
works fantastically well for my lab mix with the lab type fur . easy to grip and i get a ton off of him .
a necessary item when you are trimming your animals nails as they may wiggle while cutting and you might cut the nail too short .
my two dogs love this pup-peroni . great treat and i like that it is 90 % fat free . this size bag last us for a long time .
my liddo yorkie-poo loves this treat . he is but 7 months . i like the ingredients and have come to trust zuke's products .
best deshedding brush on the market . this one is for my miniature pinscher . it gets tons of shedding fur . works great !
great-cheaper then specialty stores , box stores , and chain food stores . it seems like a chewing gum and removes tarter , yum .
didn't work . tried it and dogs loved it , but didn't keep them from continuing to eat poop .
perfect for our use . we love that it's organic , so much healthier . wish there was more in it , but that's just us :)
no complaints . i needed this . cant beat the price ! petco and petsmart offers this for $ 30-35 . screw that ! this is the best
it's ok , however , it didn't fit over my tub , not because it didn't have right parts my tub is custom and the faucet doesn't change out .
i like that the ingredients are all natural , and it has a good crunch to them which help with her teeth .
barnaby bunny loves these . he eats the outside quite fast and they last him pretty good ! he wants to get another !
my two cats want nothing to do with this toy or any of the toys i put in it ! bummed
i've had four diffusers throughout the house for approx 6 months.my male cat is still spraying and is still picking on the calico who has stress-induced cystitis .
kitties love it and it's darn cute . easy to operate ( push button ) and positioned in a comfortable place when holding ' mouse ' .
bought it for my under twenty gallon tanks.works good and was fairly cheap.cant ask for any thing else.cheap enough to do a diy gravel pump .
nice clippers . my dog was scare of it . i had to return it . great instrument . just could not use it .
my yorkie liked them for a while , then stopped . my dog is really picky though . they seem perfect as training treats .
i started with one of these and liked it so much i purchased another one . great filter , easy access for maintenance .
... on behalf of my dogs here , as i have not personally tested them . the k9 family members seem to be happy , though !
i have 2 of these and only 3 of 11 dogs actually chew them . most of my dogs do not care for nylabones .
could not get screw-on lid off of attaching base prior to mounting on bucket . had seversl people try and no one was successful .
my dogs and grand dog love it . we need items for one dog to chew on that can't be destroyed in 15 minutes . this fits the bill .
nice , inexpensive set . the loudness of it scares my cat , but i'm not sure how the noise compares to other similar products .
my dogs chewed this into pieces within 10 minutes of playing with it . not everlasting , not worth the money .
probably too much power for my 30 gallon tank . made too much noise . the fluval c3 i traded for makes no noise at all .
my cat loves this . a variety of flavors . cat loves the gravy and the morsels . your cat will love it !
what else can i say ? my dogs are addicted to it . even if they don't play with the stump they love the squirrels
nice to have a package of three . they came quickly and my local pet outlet doesn't always have these in stock . the price is ok too .
greatest little treats for beautiful little doggies great treats good quality min pin and little french bulldog love these so much serious good like they listen good
this is great . my cat sheds a ton and this brush works really well to de-shed him before he gets the chance to shed everywhere . ;)
best natural cat shampoo for cats . we have been using it for years and recommend to everyone ! love it . bought it from heartypet .
nylabones are a favorite in our house . this is one of our heavy chewers favorites . good design and they seem to like it well enough .
i use this conditioner with the jp oatmeal shampoo and spray and they work really well together . smells good and takes some of my dogs ' itchiness away .
we have two english bulldogs , one whom has deep folds around here tail . these are a must have to ensure she is clean and skin allergy free .
my beagle boy loves this dry food . he is pretty picky on dry foods . i plan on reordering another bag soon .
i use this pad for potty training for my pup , easy clean up and fits neat and dry regular potty pads
i haven't used this carrier yet but i like the way my cat will be able to see what's going on outside on any side of it .
the bowls themselves are fine , but it doesn't stay in place on the crate . it moves and the bowl can easily be flipped upside down . returned .
we have a 3 1/2 month old bengal kitten and he isn't very interested in this toy . we also bought him da bird and he loves that one !
work great connecting to my sink . the siphon that was given to me didn't come with this . i believe new ones do ..
i bought a small one because he was only three months old . a month later at 40lbs , he still loves to chew on it .
no odor and the ease of flushing down the toilet - very happy with the product .
this was a christmas gift for my daughter's cat . she took right to it as soon as it was opened . good kitty toy and fast shipping !
while i do like the nylabone products , this is not the best shape . the circle seems to be better for the dogs to hold with their paws
does the job and the size is a perfect size to catch all the litter . it really has pruven itself . lol .
even cutting her nails seems to go faster , when i have a pack of purina party mix by my side to reward her good behavior .
this is the best product for your money . it last a long time and isn't very dusty at all . the store is fast and reliable .
all great ingredients in this treat . i'm all for that . my guys do love these treats and i love the fact there healthy .
i really cannot tell that much difference in my dog since starting him on these pills for a torn acl . he starts adequane injections next week .
this heater is perfect for my tank and has been perfect from day one . if i should ever need one again , i will be ordering it again .
i needed these to keep from accidently poking my son's dog while cutting out some matts . these worked great !
works well , cleans my cat and keeps his coat looking soft and shiny ! don't use it more than once a month for their skin's sake
hounds love to pick these little guys out of the tree ... these are replacements
all that matters is that he likes it and it digests well . those things can be hard to accomplish with a sensitive stomach !
my cat likes this ball , however , it doesn't stay lit for long and i think it is about done for .
we have used angel eyes for many years for our bichons . it is a wonderful product . it is easily accepted by our dogs ans works very well
this was a very beautiful dog collar , very pleased with it , well made , would recommend to my friends love it
my puppy loves anything he can chew on . i try to keep one in his crate at all times , but he comes and gets it out .
kong bowling pin - i do not recommend to but if your dog fetches and then may chew . the yellow felt comes right off .
... or at least that's what my cats think . they can be pretty picky , so i like when they like the treats that are healthier for them .
we are happy with how this food is working with our puppy ! he is growing fast and looks healthy ! definitely will continue to use this food !
barney prefers this larger ball to the normal size chuck-it . love that fact that it is almost indestructible and can be washed after use .
it was huge . i mean the size of a kids teddy bear . only order this if you have large dogs .
this is one of their favorite nature's variety flavors . especially the raw boost dry food kibble with the freeze dried bunny bits .
fast shipping , great product---my cats are happy--health and happy cats are great . i highly recommend this to anyone interested in a good food for their cats
great dog food . i usually cycle through the different varieties . my cocker spaniel loves them all . great having delivered to my front door !
these cost as much here as they do in the stores - but in my new community they aren't available . my dogs love these treats .
exactly what i was looking for and the storage below is huge ! ! a well made product and i thank you ! !
my dog does not seem to like this product for some reason she doesn't seem to like something about what it feels like .
i don't know how great these are at sanitizing dogs but the moist towelette does help paws get visually clean .
this toy keeps flip busy for at least am hour . i fill it with peanut butter and dog food and he goes to town
it would be better if the holes were a little smaller , but it works pretty well . no problems with the quality
nice size for small animals and easy to disassemble and clean . minus one star for being just plain ugly .
nice sized scoop , speeds up litter clean up time . anyone with more then one cat would probably like this one best .
this helps with the progressions of dog training ! ! ! another tool to use , if you don't want to use the metal prong collar .
our two dog like a variety of teeth cleaners and this is one of them that we give to them
works great and dog doesn't hate the taste . gum health is important so just have to brush those pearly whites .
my sheba , english mastiff , loves this particular food and sometimes i give it to my smaller dogs . they love it as well !
purchase this to slightly salt my fresh water tank and the fish love it , helps to keep their skin slimy and makes them more colorful
this is a great comb for getting the mats out of long haired dogs . it also works well on my long haired outdoor cat . would recommend .
my small dog tears through all toys except this turtle and others of this brand , they really do hold up .
i have used glyco-flex products for many , many years and have always been impressed . they work great for our three elderly dogs now .
got these pet beds for little dogs that like to burrow under blankets , covers and their own beds . they love them and the quality is quite good .
it's okay . it's messy , but it absorbs guinea pigs pee well . i like that it is also locally made .
our puppy is newspaper trained and the newspaper fits perfectly on this pad holder and it's easy to install and replace .
this is good for dry skin . i have used it around my little shih tzu eye area when she gets dried out . seems to work well .
great product as usual . i have used this many times before and it is excellent for my dt and fuge .
the neck smaller then the pink one . hoping it stretches out more . makes great night shirt on cold nights maltese looks good in these
they didnt care for these that much so whatever they dont eat goes to the ferals at night . those cats were happy to get it .
i've never had any issues with this brand of dust bath . my chinchilla always enjoys when i put new dust in his bath .
plays for a few minutes then interest is gone . the way it snaps together makes the ball not roll easily .
my dogs love this . in summer is cooler . and will have to see how it is used in winter soon .
puppy feels so soft and silky and tangle free . nice product . does the trick on yorkies for sure . would be good for any pup .
difficult to put on . the large should be a medium , they did not rate the size right unfortunately . regret buting
the dog eats it . no serious gassy results . poops are firm and smallish ( sorry for that image ) . cat seems to nibble it too .
none of my dogs like this thing . they range from a small terrier to a large black lab and they all find it equally boring .
it works to keep my dogs ' ( 3 ) gingivitis to a minimum . they have no problem with the taste . what more can i say ?
as natural as it gets . my dog has a sensitive stomach so we bought those to wean him off table food . he likes it a lot .
my small dog had parts of the covering on this toy chewed off within 15 minutes . very disappointed . sent it back for credit .
shirts run with a generous fit . nice quality and nice material . good value . i would order from parisian pet again .
kansas loves his bed so much no one can move it , if they do , he moves it back where he had placed it in the first place
i got this for by chihuahua and she gets compliments on it everywhere we go . it is beautiful and beautifully made .
i choose not to rate this product because i wish to reserve my opinion . a three on a scale of five is in the middle with no opinion
dog seems to like.this and have started go see a change in his coat which is what i was hoping for .
i don't know how it stacks up against other brands , but my cats have been happy with it and attracted to " replenished " toys .
bubble hole was small , barely blew out bubbles despite the picture showing large amount of bubbles being blown out . the lights were great though - very bright .
i have 4 dogs and they love to chew ! this package got the doggie seal of approval from all of them !
these treats are well liked by my dog and dogs that come to visit us . i try to keep a good supply on hand .
very good pair of scissors . works well on kittens and adult cats ! excellent quality . fit well in hands . expect to last a long time .
this crate was too small for my 7 pound havanese but i re-ordered a larger one . i like the neutral color and convenience .
my dogs loved this toy . alas , as they do with every other toy , they were on a mission to destroy it . they succeeded .
this is potent stuff . very few sticks , almost entirely buds and leaves . my cats react more to sojos than any other brand .
since switching to pacific stream my dog can't wait for dinner time . his coat looks great , thick and shinny and his stools are always firm .
tried this product for at least a week and it never gave the hoped for results . it simply did not deter the cat .
ok for the price i suppose . one of them still fed water back to the pump , making it useless . spend more for better units .
this product is nicely packaged , i have to remind family that it's not for them ! the price is good too .
this testing kit is super easy to use , and very accurate . the price is awesome ! i am a happy customer .
this is a bit messy but dogs seem to like it . also , check the fat content - - it seems a bit high to me .
does what it is supposed to do and by buying this larger bottle , it also saved me money . my cats can't tell the difference .
works great if you can find it . use in conjunction with maracyn two for best results . it doesn't seem to have any serious side effects .
very colorful and the yeowww catnip toys are always instant hits with both my cats . again , the colors are very bright .
best fish food flakes i know of . the ghoti always like the colorpride , tetracolor fish food . much better than wardly foods .
my dog loves these rawhide bones they dont splinter and she loves unrolling them and chewing them flat instead of rolled
works really great . before you bitch about it , read the directions , and , other reviews.will pay for itself in a short time by saving litter .
my 2 puppies love to play tug-of-war with this and it smells minty fresh . stopped them from chewing on my furniture .
this product is idiotic . the only thing it did for me is give me a 500th water bowl for the house .
the powder comes in handy if you cut too much and there is bleeding , it stops it instantly . highly recommended .
i do not love it but my dogs like it , eat it every day , they feel like a movie star ( s )
bought this to donate to an animal rescue that just received a litter of baby labs from another state . they were so grateful .
i use the comb to catch the fleas , and use a handy jar of water to kill them . not expensive , but effective .
cat loves them ! nice colors ! i'm all about spoiling the fur baby but , the pulls from milk jugs would probably work just like these toys !
it's fine , holds up well , but it doesn't get very much use . the dog doesn't have any interest in it .
i use a lot of this hose . it came fast and the price was right . it was a good deal
i like this scoop because it is sturdy and large enough to cover a decent portion of the large litter pan i have .
this tool works well with my thick coated standard poodle . it helps to remove the dead hair in her coat .
this litter works very well at containing odors . my vet recommended it , and it clumps quickly . plus , i have not noticed any dust .
the locks are pitiful ! the whole thing falls apart in 4 - 5 days , the middle pan is a really mess to clean .
these are my pug's favorite toy . they are rugged , squeaker works well and fits a pug's mouth perfectly ! not too big , not to small .
my dogs love this toy and chase it all over and bring it back again and again to be thrown
these are different and my cat loves them . he likes anything that looks like something he should not have.word
chewing pups can cause a headache . i had six shitzuh puppies at my house and bought this toy ... they loved it .
average quality dog toy . got destroyed in a few weeks . but my dog liked it while she had it . very average .
this is the perfect product for a cat . it is easy to use and most effective .
this is very well built with swivels so the dogs do not tangle ; i am walking two gsds with it
my fish love these sinking pellets i just wish the bag was a little bgiger or the price was a little lower .
our goldendoodle likes this and enjoys playing fetch with it . more perfect for in the house because it doesn't throw very far .
great product that we got from the vet but use earthbath for other cats so thought get the earthbath version of this one and cheaper .
cats love it and it prevents hair balls .. so i love it too .
bought this for less than $ 10 . keeps 2.5 gallon tank at around 80 degrees , perfect for my betta .
worked very well for the 66 - oz gallon of salmon oil for my dogs . deffinitely the lowest price for a gallon-size pump .
good product fulfills its promise . but your competitor api melafix is extremely concentrated and life in my tank only multiplies . my fish thank .
my cat loves it and that makes me happy . and my dog loves it and that makes me even happier . great product and worth the money .
this is a great freeze dried dog food . it's much easier than traditional " raw " food , and my dog absolutely loves it .
sadly , i can't tell you how long they played with it before it disappeared beneath a piece of furniture never to be seen again .
my cat is enjoying this toy . i get tired of it before she does . very light and easy to manipulate for her entertainment .
these are nice little toys for cats , 10 springs in a package , all different bright colors . my cat loves these !
my 2 cats love the cushions . i have noticed that they lay on them more in the winter than summer so they must provide some body heat .
mama had three litters the last ones were given petlac and they look the size of second litter not friendly enough yet to catch them .
these products are all amazing ! i own one of every bug and my cats chase them all day and enjoy the hunt !
best price for a ton of bags . this might last me for the rest of my dogs life . money well spent
keeps him busy and interactive when he gets his treats , it keeps him entertained when we use this . he looks forward to it .
my puppy loved this toy . that is , of course , until it got lost . just ordered another to keep my girl content !
it fits well , very very strong , safe , practical , easy to walk with ... my sweet girl loved it a lot ...
helps slow down my little piggy doberman pinscher . who was getting way to over weight . she just will not stop eating on her own .
this scissors isn't worth the money . it isn't sharp and doesn't do the job it should . i wouldn't recommend it .
many products like this only have a little catnip and the rest filler . these are 100 % catnip ! our cats love their banana
i really liked this item . my puppy feels comfortable inside and nothing cause her any trouble . she is just comfortable !
i do not want to step on them thought .. ouch lol . buthe has fun and they do make his teeth and breath look and smellbetter
well what can i say but our dog loves these milk bone biscuits.and amazon does a great job on pricing when you order them on sale .
this small pump does what it should do , and for a good price . it's not completely quiet , but also not loud enough to bother me .
i got it fo rmy 4 month old husky . it seems a good material for him . worth the money .  .
i know that i will enjoy putting my bby into this stroller once it gets warmer ! it's been too cold to try out yet !
this is just adorable ! even though my puppy hates clothes , she wears this and looks really really really really sweet .
love it.would recommend this product to anyone who has a cat that they love . easy to assemble . arrived on time .
my green-cheeked conure thrives on this food . his feathers are colorful and shiny , and he seems very happy to eat it .
i think its because i left it out . it seems to be more popular when i put it up and bring it out occasionally .
great product for the price ! ! ! i had no problems with any ticks , fleas or any other pests ! great product for the money ! ! !
these are fun and safe for cats of all sizes to play with and they love them . they love the catnip to perk up there senses . jp
my dog has poor foot pads and this stuff just works , it's not sticky , penetrates deep into the foot pad and improves the foot pad over time .
this came preassembled which was very nice . the colors look a little better than the picture shows . very nice carrier for 1 cat or 2 small kittens !
my dogs love these . i use them as a very healthy and important treat and they look forward to them every morning
i love using this product in my wash for my dog beds and car blankets that have that doggy smell . works great !
please see my other review , helps my dogs , keeps them healthy happy and coats shiny , and is worth every penny ,
this is a good toy , made well and makes funny crinkly sounds that make you wonder what your dog has gotten into now .
my dog is picky ! these wonderful additions get her interested and " into " her meals . in any event , they're still fantastic .
love this stuff ! ! now my dog just needs to quit chewing through it ! ! ! thanks for making a great product that is environmentally responsible .
last a very long time , my dog still plays with this today and although its bruised he still loves it .
my dog really likes this product . smells like vanilla pudding . it makes the coat shinny as well . helps with the itch flaky skin too .
not worth the money . the individual dishes are very small . maybe if you have a cat this would work well but defiantly not for dogs .
these were the first things gone in all three rabbit pens . they have a lot of fun with these ! peanuts inside
kittens like them because they are lightweight and grownup cats maybe for the same reason . they are , however , very easy to lose !
best nail clippers i have ever owned . clean cutting with little effort . no splintering . i love the cushioned handles and the ability to lock the blades .
my cat seems to like it . she is covered in the calamity premium catnip rolling on the rug . she seems ripped and very happy .
i love these bones for my german shepherd puppy . they are the only thing he doesn't destroy in a matter of minutes . reorder again and again !
my dove does not like most of the seeds . she throws most of them out.she is a bit spoiled and used in my magic shows
the harness is great quality and very durable ! it looks great on my puppy , and i will be buying a larger size when needed .
this is a very nice harness . it fits great and is comfortable for the dog . it is well made and should hold up for a long time .
i am impressed . smells good and brushing my puppy is so much easier for both of us . will purchase again .
this collar works perfectly for my dog . he hates clothes but i needed something for the wedding . this is it . simple and cute !
mr . fishing is doing well with this . so it seems to be doing well . if something needs to be updated i will .
all my cats like this dry food product . when i use other brands they are not as well received by finicky indoor cats .
easy to unpack and super easy to set up , it seems sturdy and well made . no problems , i would recommend .
the clicker looks just like the picture and is very handy with the wrist attachment . i would have liked it a little louder but overall very pleased .
love this toy and so does my dog . all the tentacles are fun for his to play with ; quality is great and service good !
my favorite treat . our cat loves these treats and is always looking for an excuse for us to give her one.kitty kat
i bought this for my two , 37 lb dogs and it works well when i have to walk them on my own . great alternative to two leashes !
love this polo it fits my rat terrier perfect and he looks adorable . very well constructed . highly recommend it and will buy more .
not 1 minute after i unpacked this the cats were playing with it . so far it seems to be a hit .
very sturdy collar . the colors stay bright even after getting muddy and being washed . great brand and i highly recommend it !
the puppy likes to carry this around . it wasn't as liked as i thought it would be . i guess he isn't into the bacon taste .
and never looked back . waste of money . give him a ball of string - less expensive and would actually enjoy it .
our cat chews on strings , this toy has wire instead of string ! out cat loves it , and she can chew on the sting forever and ever .
our cats do not like to be brushed at all ! this is the only brush they will tolerate - for a few minutes , anyway .
it's a litter scooper . it's a litter scooper that scoops litter and my son uses it everyday to scoop the litter . that is all .
excellent tool . works great very sharp easy to use and fast . i'm used other trimmers before but this is definitely the best one .
we used these with our two dogs and noticed no difference in their breath . while people's results often vary , we didn't get any benefit from using these .
the scissors are very sharp but at the same time have protective tips from accidentally cutting my yorkie . customer services is excellent as well .
great little thing . it saved my sanity and my house . i will be using this for awhile i think . great
the dogs don't play with this as much as i thought that they would . so because of that , it has stayed in perfect shape !
i don't know if its the uphill angle of this scratcher that makes this one so appealing but is her favorite .
got this with great excitement , but sadly , the hairballs keep coming . sure wish i could find something that really works .
my dogs liked these . they are cute gingerbread shapes . not a lot of broken pieces in box . good value for your money .
it is tough to review something that neither of the dogs will even begin to eat so for the critters running through my house gives it a paw down
if you have a dog that is tough on toys , this brand is the only brand to buy . they will outlast all other brands .
it can still slide but it not loud and not nearly as easy for my dog to push while she is eating .
i love the ingredients in this product for dogs ' joints . all aid in reducing inflammation and maintaining integrity of cartilage of joints .
best in market so far . wish they were a little bigger . could be more absorbent . good for price . great on prime .
this is a small cup but holds on to cage wires well and stays in place . i use it in a small animal crate .
item is small , even for small cat . almost too small . my cat likes it anyways , as cats are always trying to get into small places .
my kitten goes nuts for this toy . its so simple but simply purrfect for him . keeps is attention and he hasn't shredded it yet .
cats like it so they can work on getting a treat . paw and eye cordon and skills a fun cat toy
i got these to train my english bulldog puppy and love them . quality is great and price can't be beat !
yes these work good . nice size . i feel this makes they ears fresh and clean . i like it really well .
cat will sit a wait for her greenies . helps her teeth for i do not have the nerve too even try and brush her teeth :)
great little container for traveling with dogs , filter needs rinsed before using , dogs didn't like the filter due to slow flow . delivery was fast
tasty treat , but not great for use as a training treat as it does leave a fishy smell on you .
wish it had more balls , but i added them myself , and i love that you can replace the scratch pass
compared to other places the rice was better than any of them . quality product with a long expiration date . will order agin .
have it hanging in the yard hoping the hummingbirds appear and use it this spring . nice piece of art ( if they don't ) .
the very kennel is nice . i ordered 4 of them but one came broken . i think vari kennels are best .
i have used it for a long time , over the last year they have added better ingredients , they took out the garlic and put in spinich instead
why didn't i give it 5 stars ? because even it is not 100 % at killing the smell of cat urine .
favorites of our dogs . they love the edibles and the size of these chew toys are a good size for our small dogs .
great quality for the $ $ $ . i was expecting " cheap " quality since it was so inexpensive but i was pleasantly surprised !
yes , it will work for my gsd puppy . it will keep him occupied for 15 minutes , enough to distract him when kids are having food . :-)
very happy with quality . easy to adjust . all six dogs are different breeds , heights , and shapes - - 8 to 27 pounds--works on all .
this product used to be thicker , but now the gel is liquid like . disappointing . i will look for some other brand .
love that i can just hang this thing on the inside and move it back and forth to get crap off my glass
perfect for my tank . i need to buy one for my smaller tanks too because this thing is great . keeps tank at perfect temperature .
definitely lasts a while , which is exactly what i was looking for . my dog seems to like it and keeps him busy .
my maltese doesn't fuss or fight to put this halter on . in fact , he lifts up his paw to help me get put it on
my two over active tonkinese cats were fascinated with this toy for about ten minutes ... i thought they would interact longer than that ... sigh !
bought this for my yorkie it's bit to big for him he still plays with it tho so far we have only used one
i have used this product for a long while to remove trace chlorine from our tap water before mixing with salt for aquariums .
wasn't sure how my cats ( 2 ) would take it . but my large one is right in there sticking his paws in the holes for his food .
my dogs love these ! natural beef bones are great for cleaning their teeth and these are just the right size for my little 12lb chi mix .
i started a new aquarium and was worried about getting the nitrogen cycle started . dumped some of the bottle in and voila !
my girls just fell in love with these treats and i certainly will order more for them .
i have always used frontline . it's always worked well for my pets . the shipment was fast and the price reasonable .
my dogs love them , have and will end up getting more in the future , great for chewers also as keeps them going ,
my minature dachshund seems to like the flavor of this . he doesn't mind getting his teeth brushed with it at all .
this was exactly what i was looking for - - just shallow enough to hold wet food ; not too deep so my can't whiskers won't be bothered !
the product seems effective . we haven't had any issues with antique furniture since we got this . worth the investment even as " insurance " .
my rabbit throws this around his cage like crazy . he absolutely loves playing with it . he even runs back and forth through the cage throwing it !
our boys love these . but we replace them every couple of months or so . they rip the material off after a good chew .
these three stooges are great look who's talking toys . they have multiple saying that repeat over the three with each having it's individual sound .
most comfortable chuckit we have owned , easy on the hands , balls launch easily and travel far enough to give big dogs a workout
this is a nice toy for chewing on . my bird likes to fight with it and then he kisses it .
my girl loves these and they look and smell so fresh ! very happy with this product and will purchase again .
i have been using frontline plus for cats for awhile ; my cat loves it ; it is excellent flea and tick protection . it's definitely worth the money .
my beagle didn't like it . i tried to acclimate her to the noise but it didn't work for my dog .
my dogs love this product . it's a step up from regular dog chow and i have seen a difference in my dogs coat being healthier
used it with my diy co2 and the bottle got so inflated it almost destroyed everything . no bubbles ever came out of it . very disappointed .
though we would try something new and it was a mistake . chunks were missing after the first five minutes . sticking with the kong extreme .
didn't last . the only thing left is the outside - the squeak is long gone . it is still however a favorite toy of all the dogs .
we love this litter box ! best thing we ever bought our cat . works great , has held up and we would recommend it for any 1 cat household
so far this has worked great for my betta . i also have a snail in the tank with my fish .
i only wish i had found this leash before my dog injured my shoulder with his pulling . what a great invention ! love it !
when these little balls came in i thought they might be to small for my mid size dog.but ... he loved them and plays with them all the time !
puppy loves this toy . the rope does shed however and it is a heavier toy . he has not figured out how to get the treats out yet .
very cute collar . too big for our kitten but should fit him in a couple months . doesn't break away very easily though .
the dogs love this product and the price is very reasonable ... packaged well and easy to use ... will continue to get this for the pets
cat like it and the subscriber system saves me time and money . i take the empty cans to a metal place that pays back .
didn't work for my cats . still had fleas even with monthly maintenance products . did not reduce fleas on my cats .
i have never seen my dogs as happy as when they seem me take out the greenies bag . they are pricey but , what can you do ?
the aqua clear insert activated carbon worked for my aqua clear 50 . i like the longer change intervals on these bags . its less work for me .
the buckle does not fit my seat belts . useless purchase . great idea but different cars have different hardware . beware of this if you purchase
so cute ! ! it's like a little crimmis sweater for your dog--but in collar form ! ! ! i've gotten lots of compliments on it so far ! !
perfect for the cage - he likes to chew it and sit on it - great price for something that wont last forever ( not supposed to )
i got this for my niece , and she was not very impressed with it . maybe someone else will find it helpful .
easy to fill . the flip lid works great . this unit is easier to fill , clean and maintain than the 6lb . , petite gourmet feeder
our cat absolutely loves this . it is big enough for a large cat and so far the toys have held up . easy to put together .
i thought my cats would go crazy over these but they don't really give them much attention . that could change as they get older .
good low calorie healthy dog treat . our german shepherd loves these . we can give her a handful while training and don't have to worry about it .
this a great product to use for your pet . being my cat's are not thrilled about yogurt for digestive balance , this is a nice alternative .
dry food seems to have lost its vision for my 11 year old dog soo added this felt good about the ingreadents and so does he ...
my cats love this toy , especially my kitten . it's durable yet soft . i fill it with catnip and my cats are happy for hours .
i love these heaters because of how accurate and reliable they are . i have never had a problem with them and have had some of them for years .
this product is the best my cats flea's we all gone within days . the price was really good too ! i will buy again .
works with the little busy bites . our vet recommends . the dogs fight over it so they must love it , right ?
your pet . or for use if you have a pet with health problems that has to relieve it's self often .
the cats love it , it lasted the month . i have no complaints , it came quickly and that's about it cheese
this is the second one we bought and they are slightly cheaper than the local pet store so it works out well
i have switched to this product as a no-grain food for aging dogs . they love the flavor , and they seem ' perkier ! '
very portalble , but not for big dogs , as they're very lightweight . works fine for training our petite cocker .
this comb is great for removing the undercoat of my bouvier.the tangles and matting have all but disappeared.highly recommended for thick coated pups .
my chin loved it chewed it to pieces . thank you i would order again . would recommended to friends and family . thanks
my plant-muncher loves this . it's easy to assemble and grow the grass , and easy to take apart and clean once it's past its prime .
we have a five month old vizsla and opted to go grain free from the start with her . this was a great choice , couldn't be happier .
i ordered the bed to fit in the kennel i got and it's perfect , my dogs love it and it's just the right size , thx .
well worth the money , this has velcro so strong i ocould barely open it and nice heavy duty clipsa great and very simple way to contain your dog
a great tunnel ! love how long it is and great for the cats - and for the rabbits too ! ! good price also .
so far the cats are really liking the halo cat foods with chicken as well as the whitefish & salmon variety .
logan loved this right out of the box ! he sits , pulls and plays with the squirrels and has a great time !
i like these because they are not too big , so the bag lasts a little longer . my dogs love them . price is pretty reasonable too .
my puppy appears to like the taste - - of course she gobbles everything . appears to be a fresh , quality product .
reasonably priced with lots of turns and spaces for them to hide in and play on . my 3 cats love it !
cats love this stuff ! smells really sweet . they lap it up . good for hairballs and constipation . made my kitty happy .
good interactive toy - my dog loves it when i hide treats and he has to figure out how to get them out .
they're pet bowls . if the standard is bowliness , i'd have to say that these bowls are the bowliest . that's what you're looking for , right ?
this stuff is miraculous . it literally destroys and eliminates any smell - whether it is in the air or on something .
this works great to keep my cats entertained . they have always loved laser points and this one is no different !
our cat loves this product . we have never seen her this active ! ! i have ordered one for my sister also . great product .
these healthy treats were perfect for our large cocker spaniel mix but too large for our toy poodle .
i have a wiemerainer , and this just didn't work . too small , as it fit all the way into her mouth .
my dog goes crazy for these sticks . she will not let you forget to give her one every night once dinner is complete .
i like using this tool when grooming my dog . the dog has long hair and it is good for detangling mats .
solid quality product , it is very large so measure where you intend on putting it closely . easy to clean out .
i prefer opaque bags , but the price was the cheapest and " green " options always seem better . the bags do their " duty . "
this litter clumps well . has no scent and is vitually dust free . in my opinion this makes for healthier cats .
these are the perfect size treats for my dog , who has loved them for years , along with the pb and apple .
these treats are a favorite of our three dogs . they get one of these before they go to bed each night .
we love this bowl for travel and visiting people's houses . my dog is 10 pounds and it's plenty big for her .
this was just a reorder because iran out . i don't use it often , but when i do it works well !
this is a flavor of temptations that i always make sure i have plenty in the cabinet for two spoiled cats .
the reusable filter and 3 month suppl ; y of carbon is a great idea . it is a lot cheaper than buying a bunch of new filters .
it works . i have 14 dogs ( 1 shiatsu and 13 pit bulls ) . this stuff is easy to apply and works ,
the button on the back is handy for removing the soft cottony hair from my shih-poo . easy to use , easy to clean .
chewy for older dogs and for the fact you can sneak pills into the gooey-er middle . and they smell good enough for humans .
not much to say here , it does it's job , it's super concentrated and something any good aquarium hobbyist should have on there shelf
very nice , my cats love it and i would recommend it . what is not so positve the replacement filter are pricey replacing them every 4 - weeks ...
used for the past 3 years and is the only kind i use and i have three tanks so like the quanity
does what it is intended to do . in two weeks i already had all my plants growing like crazy . will buy again .
works well for the intended use , re-wrapped a cat scratcher . cats like it and have not been able to damage it at all .
the priming knob broke off on the first use . could not get the unit to start . complicated set-up instructions . shopping for another .
the pen was just what i expected and serves its purpose fine . it works for a small sheltie that is not a jumper .
my german shepherd loves dura chews but she seems to favor the stick shaped or old fashion ones to the others ?
our cats will no longer eat the regular treats that you can buy at the grocery store . they love these
repeated use with rinse helped my dog completely stop itching from his allergies . his hair grew back and his fur was so soft .
not only are these bags colorful , they make cleaning up easy ! i will certainly reorder when my supply gets low .
my belgian laekenois chewed a hole in the toy in under 5 minutes . i then threw it in the trash . a waste of money for me .
this scooper has a great size . nice long handle . good slots for litter to fall through , but rigid enough to lift big pieces
kitty can't resist these things . and i love that they are not " junk food , " so i can treat him often .
awesome product that was much cheaper than my local pet store charges . use these in my two filters that filter my 55 gallon tank with no complaints .
my kitties play with this sometimes . but , my dog really loves this toy . he enjoys barking at the balls going round and round .
this bed is great for aggressive chewers & hyper dogs ! our dog tore up every bed we bought for her except this one ! well worth the price !
love this crate . it is easy to assemble even for the assembly-challenged . it is well-made and sturdy . good liner and fits well .
they become primal , go off , and hide to guard and eat their ' prey ' - very fun :) great nutritional treat , too . kitty approved !
not a bad smell , either . kind of a ' powder ' smell . this is better than thier ' oxy ' product .
so i got them this , and they used it as soon as i put treats in for them .. .
this stuff is great , all my humidity-loving reptiles just love this stuff ! ! ! one package blows up to be alot of moss ! !
my cat loves it and it is helping to calm her . she is a ferral cat.she wakes me in the morning for her chews .
i keep coming back to buy more . my dogs love them . keeps their teeth clean and healthy . i saved this as one my favorites
i love this product , it smells great and is absorbent . i use it on top of the aspen chips in my guinea pig cage .
i like the looks of this product but i haven't used it yet . it should be very useful to protect the furniture .
this is probably for teacup type dogs . it did nothing for my dogs ' hair , would not recomment it to anyone .
poop bags what can you say about poop bags they work good and keep the poop off my hands :)
is what it says it is does the job tight seal shuld keep all ammo dry id odre again if i need too
i really like these treats for my dog and i'm sure my dog love them too . his coat is super shiney .
the cats all seem to like it , it is about as good as i have found , and if sthe catss like it , then i do also
this product is completely ineffective . i sprayed it on toys and it did nothing . i am very disappointed with it .
my dogs have hip dysplasia so the orthopedic vet in philadelphia , pa recommended fish oil for them to help with arthritis pain .
this stuff makes me purrrr instead of scratching and digging all the time ... product is great without no signs of fleas
my dog loves this jacket and its so colorful . haven't laundered it yet , but is well made and she really enjoys it . reasonable price
these are great on dog tags to make my dogs collar quieter . not much to say about it . it fit and works fine .
three out of four of my cats love this stuff . i wish it was on auto ship - but so far not so
these trimmers work very well . they also have a safety clip that you can set so as not to over clip the nail .
my dog absolutely loves this dog food , his coat appears shiner and thicker after feeding him this food for the last eight weeks .
i don't love it or hate it . it works but it feels as if you're twisting foreverrrrrrrrr . i wouldn't purchase it again .
my dog loves these and i give her the mini's even though she is a large german shepard as they are a great treat for her .
these little bones were great for my little dog.she really loves these . guess what ? my older dogs loved them also .
got 2 and my bird loves them.easy to install.and they look great to . thank you so much . it came the same time , thanks ! !
our 5 month old puppy loves this toy and hence we love it . she hasn't made a dent in it after some rough play ...
the chinchillas love chewing on these sticks . there are a lot in a package , so they last a while and are inexpensive .
my dog love it . this is an excellent products for your pet . i have bought it 3 times and always good quality
our cats love the way the springy toy dances and jumps , and they love to lie in wait to attack it .
loved them ! they are now addicted to these sticks and since they are pretty good for them , i will continue to buy them !
this is a wonderful hard clumping cat litter that makes less work for the human in a cats life . thanks ! ! !
my 9 months old morkie loves this toy . it makes two different sounds . it's nice looking and entertaining as well .
pretty sturdy if you place it in a corner . free standing its too flimsy to support a cat but use it in a corner and its fine .
speaking for my cat , he likes this flavor . the only way i can judge it is by saying that he does not refuse to eat it .
but expensive however it is much cheaper to buy online than at local pet stores by far ! please make them for male dogs , please ! ! !
its big and the cats are uninterested and they are always interested in treats . this one was a waste of money for me .
my cat wouldn't eat it , even though i tried giving him the different flavors . it was a waste of money .
cadet sterile natural bone for dogs , 7 to 9 - inch , white is enjoyed by my dog . she loves it and carries from room to room .
i think i bought this on sale and tried it out on my beagle . will buy again if the price is right . he loved it .
this spray really works , i ordered it because my dachshund licked his paws raw and his paws healed after a few uses
this was much cheaper then buying it at my local farm store and it made it through one wi winter just fine .
my cat loves seafood salad . i'm going to try some other flavors after these are all gone . these are a great treat product for your cat .
dog likes to play tug , it is very sturdy and hard so be careful when throwing it . otherwise it is a wonderful toy .
it's ok for a small pet that doesn't chew much ... for my pet , it was destroyed in less than a week .
great product . both dogs get their meds . it seems they think they are tasty and they work well for pills .
this was a good buy . my cat scratches and then sleeps on it . it is perfect and saves my furniture . that's the best part . :)
very sturdy but soft material . use it daily and has not shown any signs of wear . would definitely buy again
i've used this product for over a year and it has delivered consistant results . it's multifunctional which really makes this nice . i would recommend .
it's pretty cool , but it moves too fast or too slow sometimes . i wish it had more settings , but i love the auto shut off .
really works bought 5 traps to put all over the house . they really work and great for getting rid of small ants too
we have 2 dogs , a weim & an english pointer they both love this food ! ! i love the zip lock top so no spills !
my lab and golden destroyed this within the first day . they each pulled on one side and it separated . not for big dogs .
i'm a new groomer and this cuts down my time deshedding a dog dramatically . i'll be getting the 12 blade next .
i even spray it on the cat box and it works to eliminate the odor even directly on the liter !
the dogs love these but it they are very rich . all three dogs got the runs . now they get a tiny bit once in a while
my turtles bask more now with this bulb . it almost bask the whole time when it's turned on . they are a lot more active now .
my english bulldog has diarrhea to most things , but this has worked very well for his diet . though costly , i would recommend this any bulldog owner .
this is a great brush really brushes i ut all the loose fur . used on a german shepard dog weekly . looks great after bring brushed .
great product ! use once per week and only pump out your tank twice a year . this product is a godsend .
since my little dog lets me get my finger into his mouth , these finger brushes work just fine . you must use a toothpaste made for dogs .
this is a good tool for training a dog that likes to pull . you still have to work on leash manners , but this definitely makes it easier .
works great in water ( the probe , not the display ) and directly under a light . i don't think i ever had to replace one .
haven't tried it myself , but i ordered it for a friend with a debilitated dog and she tells me she and the dog are very happy with it .
he doesn't care about it either way , and prefers to wrestle my beanie babies . when it was warmed up , he actually liked it less .
i needed a scoop because my old one broke in half . i have had the scoop for a few months and have not had any issues .
the yellow outside skin is easy for my dog to chew off , i just tore off the outside to save picking up the mess .
my bichon loves this salmon flavored treat . not so much the duck or chicken though.and it's cheaper in petco .
this sweater fits well on my 3.7 lbs yorkie . he likes wearing it outdoors when the weather is somewhat nippy .
our dog loves these and they seem to be healthy so far as dog treats go . we'll purchase again for sure .
i have been taking the cosaminds brand for several years now , these seem to have better quality ingredients and are far easier to digest .
my little guy really likes the taste and his hair is thicker and so shiny will buy again two more words
not much to say about a product that works exactly as advertised , day in and day out to keep my aquariums lit .
they seem to cut through my 2 dogs nails easily , one has thicker nails than the other but still cut really good .
looks nice , works and inexpensive.choice of having a bottom separator for fish fry to be separated from the adult .
use this when i change water in my tank and it is wonderful stuff.recomend it as a great product for your tank .
dogs chewed right through this one . also with the other ones i had it rubbed the dog raw . wish it had more padding .
sandbox feels like he's stylin ' when he wears this . he looks adorable and it's a good fit for walking and riding in the car .
i really like this brand of litter box , but this one is really big . i bought a smaller one also to use upstairs .
i needed a replacement . tthe old one was gettting worn and this fit the bill nicely . my kitties are happy again .
it seems to be working for our stressed out foster cats . i spray it around the bed that they sleep on and on thier blanket .
arrived right on time , as always ! my cockatiel loves this and he is almost 16 years old a very picky !
the cats love this thing and so do i . easy to clean , easy to fill reservoir , quiet , and works great .
doggies just love these treats and am a repeat buyer of these dog snacks . made in the usa is a defining factor in making this purchase .
i like this better than some of the other merrick wet food . this smelled recognizable to me . the dogs seem to like them all the same--no complaints .
my u2 loves these . this is like christmas everyday to her . sure keeps her busy and keeping a u2 busy is important !
my boxer puppy can't get enough of this toy ! in fact , she has loved everything made by this brand so far . :)
good for them , and my cats expect this supplement twice a day . especially for older cats , we can't be too careful about their health .
it fit well and just add catnip . it takes them about 4 months to tear it apart . i would recommend it for a replacement .
this item looks really nice . it serves its purpose . i would suggest this item for small dogs becuase the containers are small .
a metric ton of these friggen things at a relatively good price . they work and my cats love the drinking fountain . all wins .
this is a great tool for grooming your dogs or your cats toenails - particularly dogs . it is fairly quiet and should not startle dogs .
works for my dog ! price is right , too . i did up the dosage , from 1/4 to 1/2 tspoon w / excellent results cede
does exactly what it is suppose to do , easy to place , like the magnetic suction cup idea and the move ability of the pump
am sad to say that this product does not work . i would not recommend this product to anyone . do not waste your money .
very nice for any age cats , too bad battery doesnt last but overall its cheap and always fun for pet
i have small dogs so 50 feet is perfect for them to run and play or to just lay out in the sun .
nice and easy and perfect fit for the pioneer fountains ! keeps the water fresh and my cat loves the freshness !
these are great for my pets ! even my cat will use them ! they are bigger and more absorbant than some ! thanks again !
extremely well made ! looks like a jeweler had done the engraving , i will be buying more for the new dogs .
the cats love it and spend quite a bit of time rubbing on the grooming textures . the catnip was quite effective .
well i liked it because it sounded healthy for my dog but i think he's to spoiled in the soft chewy treats insteadit doesn't hurt to try
i love this leash ! ! ! i would purchase this again , delivery was quick and products were as advertised inside the box . nothing was damaged inside .
my little chiweenie dog really likes this vitamin . it's easy for him to eat and he thinks it is a treat !
my dogs eat this without any problems . i have noticed a significant decrease in shedding . also , the skin allergies have improved .
out of my eight cats only three or four like them so that is what they are , treats ! ! good price .
no complaints here ! ... the pup loved them ! they are the perfect snack size and the best thing is that they are affordable !
my labradoodle loves this frisbee - she chews on it all the time and it has yet to tear or rip !
great stuff . the dogs loved it , but you get so little for the price . probably will not get it again .
the dogs really like this and the duck sweet potato . dogs like the sweet potato and chicken as well as buffalo .
very nice product , hard to hook on the bottom of the seat , but the cover is really nice . made very well .
am a huge fan of earthbath natural pet products . they are safe , sound and smell so delicious ! pups and pets will love them .
very cute ! but i ordered the xl , and it was still too small for my gsd . i did measure too , but it runs small .
very helpful but doesn't fit perfectly . may be the fact that i have a boxer mix who doesn't have a tail that i can use to stabilize .
my cats enjoy this food i usually buy the bigger back but had to cut back until payday and this was a great choice .
i bought these for my dogs and for my aunts ' dogs . all of thr dogs loved them ! they ate them up very quickly .
my dog finds this bery entertaining . 12 squeakers of fun . squeakers are a little loud though if you don't like them .
good price and good product but use faithfully as directed or else your doggie dooley will smell like a sewer gone awry !
i have 3 dogs and they all take turns on this bone ! nothing much else to say about it , except that its a big hit with them .
these filters are great for my catit waterer which my cats love . i need to put on my calendar to replace them more often though .
this product is very sturdy and spacious . the colors are pretty also . very well made . easy to carry and clean . love it .
she loves incline scratchers and this one has held up well to her maniacal scratching during play time . kong makes good toys .
dog loves chewing on toys.durable as always kong products.highly recommend for strong chewers but not for big dogs ...
my dog likes them but they stink a little compared to other liver treats i have bought . i prefer smith and fosters .
perfect for storing leftover can dog foods in the fridge . keeps food fresh and very convenient when traveling . they fit all standard size dog cans .
meko love it . he jumps around with it as it bounces in different directions
again my pet is extremely satisified with this product . he constantly plays with it .
my dogs are in love with these - they could eat a whole package ! ! great product even the cat loves it :)
the cat studies it until she finds an access point where she can put her paws in and hit the balls
a perfect accessory to the flexi leash . stays on well and makes treats and bags easy to carry and easy to get to . highly recommend .
this durable rubber product will last a lifetime . sprinkle in some peanut butter , freeze for a half-hour and your dogs will be occupied for a long time !
my dog does not like it as much as other nylabone product that i have purchased for him . price is a bit high as well
i have ordered 2 more , they are perfect for my pack and it helps keep some order when they are running in the yard .
it has a little pocket in the top he likes to snuggle in and is washable . if he is happy i am .
not a lot to say , kong makes great products that i like and trust and this is another example of that
we have 4 different wheel cat toys . this is the only one that gets used almost every day . great buy .
our dog loved these . he chewed through one of them in about two months , so they do last pretty well .
i like it better than the ones i've had in the past from pet stores and walmart because it is deeper and less chance for spills .
this was disappointing , maybe i should have read closer . it is all plastic , looks cheap and my birds don't bother with it .
dog likes them but when given a choice over a regular coupke dollar bisquit box he chooses bisquits . but tgey are good for teeth
another failed dog toy . it only lasted about 20 minutes before it was torn to shreds by my 30lb pup .
these really work awesome ! i would give them 5 stars except the price makes them really not usable for everyday for me . otherwise ... fantastic ! ! !
my german shepherd love it , he took it and laid down and started playing with it . peace and quiet for the family yeah .
looks nice but it tips over ... wonder if it's designed to be bolted to the floor . quality was not good - nothing aligned . had to return .
these are my cats favorite treat . i can't leave the bag out , as he'll tear it open and have a salmon feast .
my cats like the food , otherwise i wouldn't buy it . i will buy more when i need it it it
my cats just love these squeaky mice ! not many non-interactive toys that keep them engaged for as long as these mice do !
nice condo ... excellent for the job intended to do . my cat just not seem to like being in any structure ... living in the wild is his motto
i have no complaint about this product . if this is made by the same company as betta revive ... then it's fine by me .
this litter really eliminates urine odor and it does not have a dusty litter smell . i like this littler as it clumps well , and does not smell .
i already have one of these but cats love it so much had to get another since the feathers will surely get damaged .
this simply didn't last long enough to be worth the price . great product otherwise , or if you have boku disposable income .
my two cats love it and it is good for them as they are indoor only cats .. will order again .
have sued this product for years . there are proper ways to clean cat urine and not have them remark the area . this product works
i bought these clippers to use on my lab . they work really well ! cut clean and are easy to use .
vet recommended dasuquin for my dog . it really makes a difference . he was limping before i started to use it . now he doesn't limp at all .
puppy caries it around and plays with it and does not finish it . i usually find what is left of it and have to throw it out .
long , long delay in shipping . overpriced . vet does not recommend . discarded this piece of junk .
the k - 9 frisbee is made to last and fly's great . my dog enjoys playing with it . it is colored red .
my dogs love these . i use them for treats and to give them pills . i always keep them in stock .
this is one of the better , low priced , aquarium scissors out there . it can get into small tanks with ease . cuts well and doesn't rust .
we only feed organic to our kitty's and this is the " best " , they love it and we love it as tea ! !
i cannot speak for the cat , but her taste buds do not seem to be this product . this does not mean it goes for all cats .
very durable and soft . i also , have the alligator . i plan on purchasing more.he does well with these . thanks
very easy to use and replace in the drinkwell fountains . keeps water filtered and fresh for our kitty and she loves it !
ok but doesn't clump as well as others , the clumps separate some . just used tidy cat and was amazed and i have tried everything .
the construction was as expected , but it was designed for a much smaller dog . so we gave it to a cat family , and all is good .
item was packaged well and faster then promised . mazon does a good job with all their prime shipments . i will use again
works very well to clean up cat urine . no harsh chemical odor and no remaining traces of urine when using a black light .
my dogs love these treats . , they get them in the evening before they go to bed . , they just love them .
one of my cats loves the ball , while the other likes the mouse . the poor toy gets beaten up everyday .
good for tug of war , great for stuffing some larger treats in it and letting him figure out how to get them out .
my dogs prefer the blends with sweet potato . they didn't snub it but they didn't go after it like they do the turkey and sweet potato blend .
great crate ! just as good as the value brand you'd find in pet stores but way cheaper ! big enough for my 60lb lab with room to spare .
it's my cat's preferred toy . the feathers move in a funny way to him . it's simple and effective .
a bit wide so can't brush head and the bristles are sharp so be sure your cat has thick fur !
of all the toys that my dogs have this is their favorite . one of m dogs never played with toys until the kong duck came along .
these are a hit with my two cats . i give them 4 or 5 at a time and they literally inhale them .
my dog has finally started to lose weight and he actually likes this food . i recommend for dieting and not just senior dogs .
this bowl is a good weight , has grip on the bottom and works to keep my dog from gulping her food . i'm very happy with it .
not very pretty but it is functional , its a bit of a thinner material than expected but it works ! good pricing
once of my dog's favorite tools . it fly's so allow him enough time to grab it from the air . he loves playing with this flippy flopper .
died after a couple months . i know it's relatively common with the mercury vapor bulbs , but it still stinks for the price you pay .
easy to use and relatively easy on the budget . it has a pleasant aroma and doesn't burn or chafe the skin of my dogs .
my cat loves the milk and ask for it every morning.wish the shipping didn't cost as much as the milk .
very big and thick not a good idea for tiny dogs .. great for medium and large breeds .. would buy more
we have 5 dogs and they are all older with touchy stomachs . none of them have had any problems with this food and that is amazing !
cute and fun . dogs love the handles all around it to carry it and throw it .
work great and fit perfectly . i would highly recommend this product to anyone who needs replacement parts for the 500 series !
it's important to keep the parameters of an aquarium stable , and this is necessary to meet that end . i use it monthly .
excellent product . i would google it for recommendations on how to responsibly and effectively use this product . range is good , hasn't failed me once .
this is the best accessory toi the drinkwell platinum drinking fountain.it fits perfectly & keeps my floor dry as nothing else did .
these puppy wipes are great . they smell good and they come in handy when my hairy puppies come back in the house with poop on their behinds ...
my dog will pee on anything sticking out of the ground . this didn't attract him anymore than a plain wooden stake .
bought this as a gift for my cousin's black lab , she loved it and chewed on it non stop . the size was just right for her
i just got a puppy and only had to use this a few days in order for my puppy to stop peeing in the kitchen .
my cats love this with the tuna .. great chunks of tuna in mix and they really cry for it ! ! yum yum for their tums ! !
squeak lasted about 20 minutes . not only did the squeaker come out but my dog easily punctured the ball with her teeth .
i like everything about it except . the straps that go around the headrest doesn't have a snap .. which makes it harder to put on and off .
i feed this everyday to my three cats and i really feel it has helped with the shedding . they love it .
my 5 cats all love this wet canned food . they eat it right up when it is put out . would buy again
my dogs will usually eat most treats but they get real excited when i pull these out.will be buying again . anything for " the bubbies " ! :)
caribsea eco-complete is a great product ! no rinsing and did not cloud the water when added to an established tank . very easy to plant in !
the cats like it . i don't like cleaning up the mess if they open the toy , or chew the end off to get at the catnip !
this is not too bad an item for the price . my cats like it better when it's sitting on a desk rather than on the ground .
this is extremely durable . this is a must have product to keep your pet safe while traveling on the road . met my expectations and then some !
bought a 200 watt one works great so i ordered this one and holds my tank right at 75 degrees so far so good
i like this dog bed , but it definitely isn't for large dogs . i would say small to medium sized . my cats really enjoy it though .
the plants have responded awesome . well worth the money and do not need to be constantly used .
this is a vet recommended dog product that my 2 mini boys love . they get one a day as a nighttime snack .
very durable , easy to use . never had one broken . have a bunch to last , and the price is better than any other i've seen
my cat likes this and it seems to be holding up . it arrived a little crunched in the slightly crushed box .
they played and had fun chasing each other , when they got a chance they took it from the others and the play time was fun to watch .
my dogs love it . it provides hours of entertainment for all my 3 little ones and it helps with their teeth cleaning .
my dogs love these sweaters they keep them nice and warm . i have bought 6 of them and would purchase more in the future .
best lifter pump i have used . it super quiet and works perfectly . i use mine on my cpr overflow . great buy
my border collie has a hard time catching this due to the heaviness and size . he doesn't really like it either .
it did get rid of the fleas but it left him very quiet and slow for a couple of days
our 2 1/2 month old pup loves these puppy treats ! reading the ingredients , i like that they are wholesome and healthy for our pup .
my dog loves these treats . i only wish for the cost there was more in the bag . overall fairly satisfied .
my cats like it but they are like most cats , finicky . they eat a few bites then come back for more later .
the only treat my dog gets ! totally good , and well worth the subscription price . the snacks are a great nutrition benefit for him too .
good for the price but not a real top quality lead . a better quality nylon wood make this a 5 star .
the rim of the fountain is rusting . the fountain is good as far as fountains go but the grade of stainless steel is cheap .
my cat bachi loves treats . plan to buy more . can't get the . extra large in stores.plan to buy more for christmas
cats llove this . they stretch out over the entire thing with or without catnip . it's worth the cheap price ! boom !
our dog loves these . we like the cheddar flavor since they do not stink like many of the other flavored treats
these are healthy treats which is what i was looking for . they are at good price for the amount provided .
very funny and cool , but cat doesn't use it might be better with carpet or rope on the disk surface .
it is a good toy and of quality . he plays with it some of the time since he has a few others which are also good .
great collar , works as described . helped to train our doggie to not pull on the leash . use it every day , easy to refuse or increase size
just as stated . high quality and snapped to cage very secure . the bowls also come out of the half circle to remove without unscrewing from cage .
i have tried many , many brands ( including canidae , merrick , natural balance , and nutro ) and this is by far the best .
this product complies exactly what it promises . my fish are healthy . the seachem products are excellent . recommend the use of this product .
i got 3 bags , one was this kind . molly didn't actually comment , she refused but gave me a good bark .
i'm happy ! this is the first product that my cat will actually use .
my dog love getting these every day . i have been keeping a close eye on there teeth and they are remaining clean .
it is easy to put together and much less expensive than buying the filters already assembled.filter seems to be doing it's job
this was the first toy that i got my puppy when i adopted him . this is the only toy that has lasted our 6 months together .
this is a great little fountain . the one drawback is that it has to be taken apart and cleaned weekly . otherwise , the kittens love it .
the dogs absolutely love this toy ! ! ! am surprised that it is still in one piece as my staffys play with it all the time .
my cat loves this cat tree ! ! she loves to watch outside from the top.very easy to put together also.very pleased ! !
this product works way above my expectations ! my nervous cat jackie is so much calmer when i use this product than when i don't .
i have been using this product for my dog for 4 or 5 years now . in fact , i recommended it to her vet .
i have four cats and they use a lot of litter and boxes .. great size for my huge maine coon at the right price .. i bought another
my cat doesn't like this toy so i gave it to my brothers cat and she loves it . so depends on the cat .
my 20 year old cat has been on this for 4 months now and he seems to be doing much better with mobility .
the bone is long lasting , i have a 10 mo old bernese mountain dog . it was an easy shape to manipulate in her paws .
if only i could keep the puppy from wanting everything her older / senior brother is playing with ! they both enjoy the fun .
they work replacement filters meets oem specs . shop around you can get them cheaper at times . not much to say .
it does the job of scooping whatever dry food i use it for , has a nice two cup capacity , and it washes up nicely in the dishwasher !
this was the easiest way to purchase this product & i've used it for years .
my cats just love this scratch surface and it keeps them from wanting to scratch the carpet and furniture . the pads seem to last for a long time .
i have this on my subscription list to be delivered to my doorstep . this is a healthy treat for my cats and they love it .
got this for my english bulldog puppy and it is sooooooo cute ! fits great . can't wait to show it off .
these pads are effective , though smaller than other ones i used . the padding is thinner , but for a small dog they are fine .
wonderful product . it remined me of a rubber curry comb it really remomes the excess hair from your cat quite well .
quality product ! and recommend to other people . we use it for obedience class and on our cgc titles with the " stays " and recalls .
my dogs ( and one or two cats ) love this stuff . it is easy to serve . great product . i order this regularly
my puppy is chewer like all puppies . these are the only toy she did not destroy . they are heavy but durable .
our oldest malamutes have loved them for 8 years . and all the pups i've had over the years have loved them .
i've used these before and they always keep my rooted freshwater plants looking good . a must have for rooted plants .
the dogs work for this as a training treat so it must taste good , no complaints here . these can be broken in half .
it's hard to find little collars for puppies and small dog breeds . this one is perfect for our little one
really good for your dog's coat ~ i can tell already . my dog hasn't been scratching anymore . i will buy this again .
this is a nice crate . easy to assemble or break down . good value for the price . fits our little dog great .
yeowww makes my cats ' favorite toys , they're well made and i like that they don't make a catnip mess , good product .
my cats love to play with these and never grow tired of them . i like the different sizes and colors .
i have used the hagen / fluval carbon products and not really impressed by it , i prefer a different brand when it comes to carbon & charcoal .
my dog loves these treats , and since they're natural i don't have to worry about what they're made of ! i plan to continue purchasing these !
does a good job , little hard to tighten so there is no spray , but a great improvement over what i had been using
i have an old ( 16 yrs . ) , fat cat that cannot bathe properly anymore . this stuff cleaned him up very well .
this little guy is without a doubt my dexters favorite toy . these stuffingless toys are great , and well made . i highly recommend them .
this toy was great for about a week and than the one side squeaker stopped working and the material did not last .
adorable ! now my pup can match my grandson when they watch tv together !
i love the convenience of these liners and especially like the auto ship . easy to load into the litter genie , tie and dispose .
puppies like it most of the time . they are very picky eaters but every two to three days they enjoy eating the dinner .
i got these for the little dogs , but the big dog picks them up in his mouth and tosses them around !
fits great on the play pen . makes putting my little ones on the floor easier because i do not have to worry about stains
for the most part urine off does a really good job . the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is the strong fragrance .
much prefer this style of nail clipper to the scissor versions . found it to be well made and have no complaints .
our border collie really enjoys this bed . fits her perfectly . she had been pretty rough on beds , but this one seems to be holding up .
bought this for my dog and with one use i haven't seen any more flee ... will buy again ... price is nice
this is the best scoop made ! it's the only one i'll ever use again . beats the plastic ones , hands down !
love this toy and so did my doggies . unfortunately these were able to chew him up , i guess i really can't get any more cute stuffed toys .
toy was grubby , almost dirty-looking , as though it had been used . no discernible scent of catnip . cat ignored it .
the buckle on this one came broken , it will not disengage with out a struggle . i've bought other stuff from zack & zoey with out issue ,
bird hates it ... will have nothing to do with it . the twine is rough and his nails get caught easily .
great product ! my pups like the new snack . i also have a dog that takes medicine daily and this has been an alternative to a pill pocket
i think that these cat treats are much more healthy then commercial store bought . they are a tad bit more expensive , but well worth it .
doggie loves carrying around the squirrels in his mouth . i love putting all the squirrels in the tree and asking him to find them .
though the ferocious little pup has gotten a few strings loose , its still intact after a week of playing with it .
he likes it but not as much as the nerf ball . bounces well and large enough to catch . it works .
used it for a while so did not really get to evaluate it fully . i think for a small dog it would work well
this is the best price for this food you will find . i will continue to think ahead and buy this food from amazon .
this was a great value for 100.00 . it is sturdy and fun for the kitties . every cat should have one of these .
my cat really want loves this toy and they play with it all the time and i would buy more toys in the future
this has worked flawlessly since i bought it . i use it to deliver top off water to my 29 gallon aquarium . no leaks .
this definitely works well , however the humming noise takes a while for my dog to get used to , then all systems are ' go ' .
220 pet waste bags , dog waste bags , bulk poop bags on a roll does the job and for a cheap price , holder works well also
my dog enjoyed her squeaky stuffed ball for weeks before she made a hole in it . most stuffies last just hours .
he destroyed it ... which is why we got it for him ... so he'll destroy this instead of things he shouldn't destroy . recommended !
my dogs dogs do well on this product . they accept it right off the spoon . it seems to do what it is supposed to do .
came on time-huge favorite for my bird . he has lots of perchs but this seems to be his favorite . i'm going to get another .
the dogs like this bone . i think they enjoy the different shape . so far so good , i would purchase again .
good product cats seem to like the taste of the food price seems a little high - always ships well no damage yet
adorable and both my poodles can wear wash nicely very very cute for any day or occasion very bright good
cat really enjoys this scratcher . she likes laying on it too ! the only negative is the pieces of cardboard left all over the floor .
i keep these treats handy during walks with my sheba and amstaff . both love these treats and can't get enough of them ! ! highly recommended ! ! !
this is a great harness in general but the seatbelt is an added feature . it keeps my pup secure and from sliding around . it also fits perfect .
my catfish love these ( the cory's , bristlenose pleco and pictus ) . for the pleco this is a nice supplement to algae .
great toy for interactive play - both my cats like the action and i would recommend this to all cat lovers .
it's a great cat food and both i and the kitties love it . it's a convenient size and beats lugging it from the supermarket .
my dog liked this food . i guess they made it taste good.no way of knowing how nutritious it is.my neighbor's dogs like it too .
i like it because it is easy to throw and see , but my puppy doesnt always feel like playing with it . it is good quality .
it was miraculous ! my fish had an eye infection . i followed the directions and she is fine . all of my fish are fine .
my dog border collie loves it ! great product and it smells great even to me !
you don't need a brush if you use this product and my dog loves it no matter the taste or no brush to him .
this was a wonderful choice cause it can span a very large area and still looks attractive . i may buy another one
my fish ( parrot cichlids and pacu ) love this food . when i feed them , they gobble it up . the price is pretty good to .
my dog likes the medium-sized bone and treats . and , i like it since it keeps him occupied longer than the small one .
my kitties love this dry food-the vet said to give them dry and wet food so they love the taste-most of it is gone when i feed them
good size . sturdy , good weight . cats have enough room on this to relax . recommend to get as kittens so they are use to movement .
it's warm cozy and she loves it ! if she is not cuddling wit me she moves to her cozy warm soft fluffy bed ! it's perfect !
this is good cat food at a great price . sometimes you can get coupons on the inside from the manufacturer . cats enjoyed .
frontline plus for dogs 3 mths 89-132 lbsi have tried other brands and nothing compares to frontline.this is the best price i have found .
but not our dog's favorite . we find this neglected by our dog so we may be passing it along to friends soon .
this food is to fine and they just tossed it out of the dish .
this replaces the original foam filters used in the dogit large water bowl . they fit pferfectly to replace the original .
product is exactly as described . my rabbits are very happy with this product . they enjoy using it both for playtime and relaxation .
very nice and fresh catnip . most cats go crazy over this stuff . i use it on the scratchy post and it keeps them occupied .
i like the ingredients and that's it's made in the usa , not china.wish it came in larger quantity for multiply dogs .
my cat likes it ! i put in on a slanted scratching board and she scratches on it and sometimes sits on it .
dog wasn't even interested but it may be good for others . she rather chew on other things .
it scared my dog , it is hard and the sound is more like a shriek than a cute monkey sound . not great for small dogs .
quality and good price , very pleased , same as i would buy in retail store but for much more money ! great buy !
keeps wee wee pads in place , easy to use and easy to change . bought an extra one to keep at my in-laws ' house
i have 3 boxers and live in arizona . it gets really hot here and these coats are perfect to keep your pet cool !
this laser toy kept my cats ' interest for one day , too noisy . cats are sensitive to sound , what is the manufacturer thinking ?
the cats eat it just fine but there is more odor in the cat pan . had hoped that there would be less odor .
i wanted a lower calorie bone for my dog . she loves these . they have peanut butter and she finds them very tasty .
my dog loves these bones and they last a while . they are non-toxic too . so when he ingests some bits i don't have to worry .
one of my fosters has no teeth , but he licks it until it is soft . the other dogs chew it .
i chose this rating because my fish loved the worms and they are a great value . i would recommend them to anyone with a fish which eats bloodworms .
it was a decent product and very inexpensive but the fact that it stopped working so soon drops the score significantly for me .
our dog always wait for this treat before goes to bed ! amazon's order is convenient and price is good . thanks .
this is a great toy for most dogs . it has bunches of squeakers and is long and floppy . all of my dogs like this toy
works well , very easy to use , and seriously , my litter trash can is no longer smelly as before . highly recommended .
this light is great for the turtle . shes happy , i'm happy , we will most likely get another one when it burns out . overall very happy .
not sure why most bulbs are sold in single packages , but these light bulbs fit my 10gallon aquarium hood perfectly .
my catsn seemed to really like this catnip filled toy . i think that they especially like it because it is so large and they can wrap around it .
an extremely well made product , low use of electric , and very attractive to boot . every outdoor kitty should have one .
our dogs run away . they are afraid of this product to get close to their eyes . and it doesn't take the irritation away !
these are a good prefilter sock for smaller sumps or other purpose . not generally an aqueon fan but these are good .
im planning to get this but will this be enough to not let a samoyed escape ? thank you everyone who answered my question.good bye !
bought with the matching leash . the colors are cool works great for my small dogs . i would recommend for the price and quailty .
so adorable and good material . i just need to find a place to hang it up in my house lol
these are nice , clean and pretty rocks for the fish aquarium . and no rough edges , which is nice . price is somewhat high for rocks though .
this is a nice vest but i should have ordered the next size up , our puppy is 14 pounds and neck to tail 12 inches .
my maltese dog loves all halo dog biscuits but these don't have chicken as the first ingredient so they are not his favorite .
tried the chicken because i usually buy the salmon and thought she would like a change . my cat loves it and there's nothing more to say .
these are one of my two cats favorite treats . as soon as they hear the bag crinkle they come running !
friends dog loves it and the tire . so far it has been indistructible and one of the dogs favorite toys because it really bounces .
nice crate maybe my little pic will grow up in it without eating it but . nice sturdy crate and came super fast
i love the soft fleece in the hand grip area . also , it washes well , and gets softer each time i wash it .
i liked these clippers other than the handles slip right off when i try to use them . all i have to do is glue it and its fixed .
greenies might be expensive , but the joy my three mini dachshunds get from them is well worth the price . my neighbor's dogs love them too .
my cats love these little toys . they play with them all the time .
great dog food ... rates very high and it's a great price . my dog loves it and his coat never looked better .
the bubbles were longer lasting then i expected , fun for kids and dog :) smile on everyones face just watching them .
i have only used this twice but it didn't have any negative effects on my fish . it worked well and i also raised the temperature some .
gave my dogs diarrhea . something in heredid not agree with my dogs . i had quite a mess ! do not recommend .
recommend for puppy's first tug toy - great beginnings for puppy to continue learning the game of tug - recommend
sometimes he doesn't turn around and poops over the edge . otherwise it's fine.and so i sweep and sweep and sweep .
i give these to my lab and bullmastiff , they love to chew . they only last 3 months but it does the job and the price is right
reasonably priced and easy to put together . my cat loves it and has no trouble getting to all three levels .
these treats when used with kong toys keeps my dog entertained for some time ! also use these for treats during training .
the top broke off on second day i should of return it but got too busy so i have a broken cat genie
some of my dogs didn't like them very much and others wolfed them down . not messy and no upset stomachs at my house . made in usa .
i taught my dog a new trick that she does each night for her vitamin . she loves these and waits eagerly for it .
my dog was able to break the squeaker in about 15 minutes but has been unable to tear the toy apart .
these treats are highly favored by all 3 of my dogs . they love them . i love the price and the quantity .
my cats play in this tunnel every day . they have used it since they were kittens . they are 7 months old now and still play in it !
my dogs love these and can't get enough of them . i am glad to be able to get a large bag at an affordable price . thanks
great price and right to your door ! much cheaper than the stores including walmart . my dog loves lil cersar food and i love my dog !
these are definitely plush , egg shape squeaky dog toys . my dog ripped them apart in just minutes . i didn't have enough of them to return .
nothing too much to say . they love it . the dogs that is . not sure what it really does for them
bought the 100 foot one and this one to make a run for my dog that likes to wonder.works good
have used this product on more than one animal because of kidney failure . even recommended by vet . seems to help .
none of my cats young or old played with this . it is a nice toy but they just were not interested .
my cats love this . the sleep in it and play on it . i have two so there's no fights over it .
highly recommended , they love to play with it dangling above their cage they hit it with their paws . lol . :)
leaves your little fur friend paws nice and soft after harsh walks in snow and on ice ! good value for price
holds my dogs well and pretty easy to insert into ground . a great item to carry in your trunk when you go to the park .
large is big enough for 2 beagles and them not be on top of each other . takes a moment for the boys to get use to the small opening
these are a must have for the fresh & clear large dog fountain . and they are just like the one that came with it . will order again .
this is the only harness we have found that actually stops pulling . works like a charm and i've tried it on multiple dogs !
this worked great for my border collie who likes to devour his food in one gulp . he actually takes his time eating now .
these fit the high back litter pan perfectly . my husband ( who is the major litter box maintenance person ) says he likes the shape and performance .
our kitties every morning are so excited to eat their wellness cat food ! i love that this cat food is so healthy for them ! !
my dogs favorite is this hedgehog so i bought more than one for his play pals . this is one that keeps the grunt .
my shiba inu destroyed this in two days ... we had to throw it away.heavy chewers beware . light chewers are probably fine ..
my lab was about 8 mos old when we got her this toy . it did not last an hour before she tore it apart . weak .
the opening leaks after three washings and you really have to squeeze the bottle to get anything out of it .
my pups love these liver treats . i chop up a few and add them to the kibble as a special treat .
my pet really likes this bed . she sleeps in it all the time . this is a well made bed and soft .
holds the poo sticks in the corner so they cant drag it out . functional and easy to clean ! two words more
don't ask me but the cats love it ... and it last quite a long time before needing to be replaced .
where i live the ticks are a real problem . we use the collar when we go to the jungle for an extra layer of protection .
i have two rescued dogs . they both gobble up ziwi peak . one would eat anything , but the other is picky and really likes these .
poodles love this food . even my chihuahua occasionally munches on it when she visits my moms poodles ... although she has her own chihuahua royal canin at home !
our cats love the large size , and the ramp keeps most of the litter from getting tracked outside . it's not exactly unobtrusive , though .
i accidentally dropped the existing pump and my cat's indoor water fountain so this was a replacement . it's quiet , and works well .
bought this for a rescue sphynx to keep warm and it does just that while making her look even more adorable , she was adopted shortly thereafter ! ! !
broke the ceramic one with smaller hooks for other gear , this solves that problem , bit it takes up more space on the wall !
my cat adores this treat / oral cleaner . she now expects one every morning , and the chew is gone in a minute .
the double row of teeth on this comb is great . it works so well and helped get rid of our fleas . thanks !
igot for my puppy gunther , and he loved it and buying more ! it keeped him bussy for hours and days .
nylabones are strong and hold up to my dog's aggressive chewing . but he much prefers the y shaped nylabones . so i only buy the y ones now .
zoey loves them and considers them treats . unfortunately they don't seem to work very well for her in terms of relieving her joint pain .
my dogs really like these treats . i also like them for my dogs because they don't have a lot of fillers .
i was a bit concerned about how much my dog enjoyed these but checked with my vet and she said no worries . special treat for certain situations .
helps keep my dog healthy because she plays in the grass and flies and ticks can hide their . it is also the best and cheapest in my view
this is a must my vet told me and they love it . they also love real apples too . an aple a day keeps the vet away .
really like this as opposed to a toothbrush . my dog seems to like having his teeth and gum massaged with it .
does the trick in any size car protects the car from theses ugly dog hairs . it goes on and off with ease
keeps the big dog warm on the chilly evenings and he enjoys wearing it . great deal for the price , would recommend to others .
comes with a thorough and informative dvd by dr . sophia yin . if you want to take your training to the next level , you'll want one !
although i did receive this product for free , that does not mean that my review is biased . cats really love this thing !
the trail mix is one of tipster's favorite treats , and it is fantastic to be able to have trail mix delivered via amazon subscription !
her first chew toy , it's lasted for months . she loves fetching it and playing tug of war with it . the crinkle noise is exciting to her .
wonderful products with high quality ingredients that don't include corn , grain , meat-by-products , and other fillers . cat approves . highly recommended for cat owners .
seriously . this stuff is essentially venison jerky without any salt . i cannot find a simpler more perfect dry treat for my dog .
these are very pretty bows , however , the rubberband is huge and perfect for an adult womans ponytail . basically unusable for dogs .
safe for dog and easy to remove for people . dog when tethered does not end up on floor if you have to stop short .
our puppy isn't very interested in this toy unless we put treats inside of it . other than that she completely ignores it .
i like more than the dogs like it . they just don't want to fetch . works well with the chuck it launcher
we love these swings ! great way to launch ourselves across the cage ! all the kids at the playbird mansion . (:> ) 
my dog training recommended this one , she really liked the click sound and i am happy with it . works great with my puppy when i am training .
my res hatchlings platform has the desired temperature ( 32 celcius ) . it has been working fine for these 3 days since i own it .
these pellets do a great job of hiding / masking litter odors ... for both our cats and our rabbit . we recommend and will purchase again .
my turtle was having problems with his eyes getting stuck . this worked perfectly and he's now on his way to recovery .
great brand of food , very healthy and recomend by vets . it has more real chicken and turkey than some other food .
nice inexpensive product . works very well . replaceable battery will be needed down the road . very accurate as i have three .
like the item , seems to cut at the perforations easily . compact , light . more expensive then others , but works well.jt
high quality glass aquarium top . it is the real deal , it works great , and the plastic molding is included to make a truly custom fit .
this is occasionally of interest to my cats . sometimes however it seems big and they ignore it .
my dog doesn't even flinch when i use these . i don't even think he realizes that i'm cutting his nails . fast , easy ... worth the money .
my cats love to use these for claws , for resting above the floor , and to play " in n out " with each other .
made in america of organic catnip . doesn't get any better than this . just ask big fat diddy bits . i should enclose a picture for you .
with a new lab puppy the first ball lasted about 4 weeks . puppy especially liked it once his jaw got big enough to squeak it .
this leash is made from real leather . it's the perfect length and width , and made very well . i highly recommend .
i fed it to my german shepard . my dachshund still eats his poop . it does not work it does not work
cats will always let you know what they think and they love it ! if not believe me they'll tell you a yes or no way right away !
smaller than what i expected but thats my fault for not reading the product description better . my dog loves it
if you have live plants in your aquarium this is a must ! provides all the light needed to promote healthy growth .
bowl is a little larger than i expected but it's a big heavy bowl and looks great ! and most importantly the dogs like it !
doesn't seem to work so well for me , but i have friends who swear by it . maybe i just have hard core fighters .
if you can get over the smell , your dog will loves these . 100 % salmon , they are very nutritious and good for the coat .
this tank top is so so cute . i love it and it fits perfect on my little one . the quality seems very good so far .
i ran out of the filter for about a week or so and he seems to drink more water when the filter is in
not bad , good deal on a big bag of food , especially for this kind of dog food , too bad the salmon one costs alot more
very bored cat enjoyed this ... good quality just had to add food.also happy they included matt . my cat is 8.5 lbs and hasn't knocked t over .
picky cat only likes liquid and wont eat the solid bits . should make a broth product for such cats . product may be fine for most cats .
the rope handle tore rather easily and will have to be repaired . overall the toy was a hit with all my dogs .
i think i have purchased every size and shape of kong toy they make . kong is the best brand if your dog usually destroys toys .
one of my four parakeets is into toys and little opal loves this one ! nice quality and fun concept--looks great !
this fits small cats in the cage .. they love to sleep in it and it is very sturdy and holds them
both my cats garfield and felix love this product ! ! recommend for people who want to save their furniture from cats claws
nice and thick and comfy under your feet . we use it in the bathroom , and our dog loves to go in there and lay on it !
they both love to play with this at the same time . they carry it around the house together and then play chase with it !
my veterinarian had samples when i started immunization shots for new puppy . they have been a great tool in potty training and other commands .
this stuff works ! have some territorial issues here between feline sibs , seems to do the trick when feliway is just not quite enough .
but she does seem to like the taste and eats what i dole out to her . she is , however , still marking .
my yorkie loves this toy , best toy for any dog owner . a must for any dog owner . your dog will thank you !
i hear that coconut is good for allergies so i sprinkle this on my dogs food every day and all his allergies have cleared up . no more biting .
what else can you say ? it's a simple product that performs as advertised . i would buy it again if i ever need another .
i know this is one of the healthiest cat foods to give your cat - but mine won't eat it /
the balm doesn't asorbed in the paw pads . it gets all over when you're pet walks around . it defeats the purpose . a lttle pricey .
use it to rinse the ears on both my dogs and cats . mild , but effective . easy to use , aromatically scented . works well .
this product helped my dog to get rid of a yeast infection in her paws . i highly recommend it for any pet .
great product . used it on our kitten . flea free within a day . no extra work required . awesome , easy , came fast in the mail .
this works great because it doesn't move around much even with just a small amount of food in the bowl .
good classic kong at a fraction of the price they are charging in pet shops . really happy with the purchase
this is awesome quality , love that cats can use from all four sides , price is fair for quality you get compared to other scratch tools out there
great price . it smells fresh , howeveri store it in the ref . to keep it that way . my gargoyle gecko loves repashy .
cool idea ... maybe a cat somewhere would love it ! just none of mine seemed to care !
helps my dog with his arthritis . he does like when i add some water and make it like a gravy .
this dust was a good price and the chinchillas love it . its one of there favorite things to do , bathe in dust .
fits my dog very well . this is the second colllar we have purchased from this company . no complaints yet ! a
it worked perfectly fine to clean my dog's ears . she has had some problems in the past with her ears , and this worked well .
this product complies exactly what it promises , removes all harmful substances from water . the seachem products are excellent . recommend the use of this product .
great product for dogs when your dog has some digestive issues . very reasonably priced . works well . excellent product . recommend it frequently to other doggie friends .
past my expectations best crate i ever bought and i have owned 6 of them easy to put together no tools no brains needed lol
our picky dog doesn't eat any dog treats . she only eats dog food as a last resort and she loves this .
my dog loves it very much . much much stronger than the stander red ones or the beginner pink / white ones . .
this has always been a favored among my felines ( and my poodle likes it too ) . it is my go to right next to sheba .
works well with a good range of 6 to 10 feet . it would be great if it had a20 foot range though .
these were recommended by our vet to help support our labrador puppy's rapid growth and delvelopement . she loves them like they are treats .
great product with great price ! love it , will purchase more when my hamster finishes it , love the balance nutrition !
very good leather leash . leather is soft and pliable but you can tell it is quality made . very solid clasp as well . very satisfied .
good collar for a chihuahua or japanese chin ( because that's what i have ! ) . holds up well . i wash it when she gets a bath .
perfect size for a quick treat . my finicky eater loves them . they arrive within a few days when ordered on line
you get what you pay for . in this case you get nothing . does not work , save your money !
nothing dries off pooches like these towels . larger than i needed but sure gets the job done . makes winter easier !
loving this one . it's big , seems like its going to last a while . better than chasing our tails antlers and cheaper ! ! !
got this and my cat loved it . however within a week the wire has separated from the pole and i can no longer let my cat play with it
my dog needs to stay on this supplement for the rest of her life it's cheaper here and i can use my rewards to get a reduced price too .
i bought this thinking it would be a chew toy , but the soft blue ends are easy to chew off , use this as a water toy only .
what's not to like . my two dogs devour it and look for more . can't keep enough greenies in the house .
this trimmer works well with my dogs , wish the dogs were just as easy to handle . the no slip grip is excellent .
i am so glad i found this tidy cat system makes my life and my houseso much nicer , no more messy litter ... yeah
large , well made cat box . still , cat throws some sand , not as much . wish had different kind of liners . great price
use for my dogs coat daily and they look awesome . my dogs like the taste , i assume anyway because they eat it .
smells good . put some on a cotton ball and clean out dogs ears weekly with this . prevents infections and keeps them nice and clean !
seems like a pretty tough toy , and my dog really likes it so far . not sure if dinosaurs were blue or not .
works great for my dogs ears . he tends to shake his head alot and scratch , this helps alot , hate to see my dog suffering
does not hold 40 pounds . my dog food is 31 pounds and it does not fit . i was not happy
i have jack russell and it literally takes seconds to demolish toys . this one is still intact squeaker gone but he can still play with the toy
the item seems to be good quality . the dog doesn't mind the taste of the paste . i just wish it was easier to brush his teeth .
my old cats ( 19 ) are very finicky and they like the greenies and i feel it helps keep their teeth clean . saves on dental bills
my cat loves these treats . she's a snackoholic . she's very vocal so follows me around and makes various sounds to let me know she wants these snacks .
absolutely great product . this flat out clips my kitty to the skin and without any muss , fuss , or pain . andis knows what they are doing .
looks very comfortable ! color is great . perfect size for medium to large size dog ( i have a 55lb lab that is still growing ) .
i have one of these hanging from each of my dog's bags and they work very well . durable and lightweight so a great addition to a pack .
this is a great to engage your pooch's mind and body . it's really fun to watch them figure it out and master it .
kitties love greenies . they knock each other over getting to the dish , so i have to put some in each of their dishes .
we have two stressed out foster cats and i have been spraying the feliway twice a day in thier room . i think it is helping them .
atlas , my 3 1/2 pound miniature terrier , loved this so much , he hates to take it off ! it fits perfectly and is adorable !
my 2 westie's love this toy . they play tug-a-war and chase each other for it.it seems to move around by itself . so it seems ...
great idea , this will be such a big money saver and it is not messy . happy to have purchased this
small than i expected , but it's a good toy . i must have had an xl one before , but either way , my dog likes it .
these drops help our 12 year old dog suffering from dry eye as well as the expensive vet drops ... many thanks !
this item is great for your pets food storage , it keeps the food airtight and fresh your pet will love you more for fresh food .
a must for a healthy coat ! a great product at an affordable price . happy camper !
its pricey no doubt bit it works ! ! thats all i need , and ill buy it . my dog itches so much less and has less flaking
this is a good lead when walking my dog , which is 75 pounds ; its gentle , yet effective and easy to use .
nothing spectacular but it fits the needs . high up , doesn't break . not bad looking , big bowls . thumbs up . two more
a little small , not the best for a bigger dog , but wonderful for the price ! my dog loves them all
before i started using this product my dogs always suffered from tummy trouble . now tummy trouble is rare . this product saves money and vet visits
this mouse and its squeak is so realistic the cats play and play and play with this . it is well worth it !
i think this is a really good deal all in all , better than buying at walmart . it does the job and at a great price .
these are sharp little scissors that work great at trimming my little shih tzu's face and around her eyes / nose . glad to have them .
our toy poodle has seen a great improvement in tear stains after using angle eyes and she loves the soft chews .
my puppy loves these , he likes the blue one the best and will chew on it for hours and hours .
all my plants have had a tremendous amount of growth ! use this with seachem flourish tabs and you'll have enough to cut and propagate !
it worked ok . i plugged it in the room her litter box was . i didn't notice a big difference .
my two little dog love these greenies and get them as treats almost on a daily basis . brushing their teeth manually ... no way !
does not whistle .. i love it any way . i have to supervise play time with it . soft and teeth could decimate it quickly . high bounce
my cats like it . but , because i have a lot of them i have to clean it often . i would recommend it
my pet fountain is quite sturdy and has been going awhile , filters work fine . some cats will drink more when water is flowing .
very pretty bows , however , the rubberband is the perfect size for a woman with long , thick hair ! useless for most dogs !
although larger than i had anticipated it is actually perfect for those who don't always want to keep a hawk eye on the food or water replenishing .
i love the look of it when the lights are hitting it.looks natural , and my plants are loving them ! no cloudiness if you do it right
this leash is very soft and is six feet long . works well with matching haness which seems to be verry comfortable to my little chihuahua .
only treat my dog can have due to allergies so i am happy to find them cheaper than the pet store .
these are great to used to clean up when taken dogs for walk easy to usedthank you joy armstrong
it has not made any scratches , and with a lot of elbow grease it will remove green spot algae . yeah ! ...
circulates the water . i made the mistake of buying one big one rather than two msmaller ones . it is huge in my 45 gallon saltwater tank .
does exactly what it says it does . i can now go for 3 days without worrying that the 2 doggies have fresh water .
works perfectly and has a comfortable handle . is very durable and i think it will last a long time . i would recommned this product to anyone .
these balls are practically indestructable even for power chewers like mine . they last my dogs for months , something i can't say for any other ball we've had .
i've written a review for these before . my silly dogs lose their minds in anticipation of getting these chew bones .
works well . dogs can move around & lay down . easy to hook up & . use . will be getting more ! thank you
we have our pet hedgehog zoobie using the silent spinner . works great and is by far one of the quietest spinners out there .
works great when i take my german shepherd her dailoy walk ... bought one for my daughter and she likes it too .
love this productknock off brands don't work at allworks on all breeds the same i've tried chihuahua and maltese
packaging was as advertised and product came as expected . purchasing this online can be cheaper than buying ti at the pet store
this is the only dog food my dog can eat ( after much trial and error ) . grain free , doesn't upset his stomach , and affordable .
my dog was still afraid of this . it did not help ease his fear.my dog groomer had difficulty using this product .
my 10 month old male is finally learning not to gulp his food . im more then happy with this product .
i purchased a bag and received it . they seem to be fresher that the cadet brand and cheaper . my dogs went straight for this treat .
my cats love these ! they are very easy for them to hang onto and throw , catch or carry by mouth , to their hearts content !
my babies love it so do i ! it is wonderful for young babies with their mothers . wonderful little bed and washable .
kong products are the best . my dogs just love them . they will all play with them for hours and a tired dog is a good dog !
my rabbit seems to love doing everything with this hay . sleeps , eats , and poops in this stuff . seems happy enough
i scoop everyday once in the morning and once at night , the litter helps with odor control and is easy to clean up .
this review is at the beginning of winter in michigan . it is working well but the true review will be in the spring and summer months of use .
this has held up well to several weeks of play . my shorkie likes to make it sqeak , play tug of war with and fetch it .
purchased for my dog who needed bigger crate for surgery . put together easily . didn'y know when i bought it that it has small wheels for easy moving .
its been sitting in a closet gathering dust . none of the adapters it comes with fit my fixtures , even though there is nothing special about them !
we have fun with this cat litter . i rub it on their toys nd scratching posts . they go crazy over it .
my dog inhaled her food . this wonderful bowl paces her now , and i love the stainless steel for sanitary reasons vs . plastic.great item !
we carefully measured our dog and bought a large , but the band wouldn't even close . the sizing is small so i advise caution .
excellent for hanging leashes , collars and whatever else you might have for your pups . i love it . displays very nicely on the wall . highly recommend .
the litter box is high enough that litter doesn't often get kicked out . this box has never leaked or broken in two when soiled .
this is a cheap and very flimsy product . i immediately regreted spending hard earned money on it . dont waste yours money on this one .
my puppy only occasionally plays with this but thats her choice and has nothing to do with the quality of the product .
ideal for airlines that have temperature extremes . seems to remain flexible under a lot of different conditions . i use it for outdoor hydroponics airline . great stuff !
i want to believe it has helped and nothing against the product , but it's just hard to tell with my older lab .
i love this mat ! i've purchased many others and this has a touch of style and prevents tracking of litter through my condo . great product !
i ordered the dog crate for my pooch . great value and the double door capability is a welcome bonus !
as isaid in my review for the harness , this is by far the best product i use for my big dogs .
my cat will only eat the brand of cat food . this flavor is her second favorite . it's not named fussy cat for nothing !
it's the same toy that sells for more in the store . our parrots love it . the soft balsa wood is easy to shread .
this seems to make a difference . it looks wonderful on her . it washes well . i love it and would recommend it .
both dogs love this food and are happier and healthier now ! i would recommend this product to anyone looking for a quality dry dog food .
this product is great my dogs just love it came on time everithing good , you can smell has meet , dogs like it
the only betta food i will ever use . have been using it forever and will continue to do so . no mess and the bettas love it !
i got these for my doggie and she just loves them . they are very cute and small . they squeak in the middle of their tummy .
hopefully this is keeping my dogs allergies under control . i will say his skin isn't as dry and his coat is nice and shinny .
this is a smaller power filter i use on a 20 gallon tank . i does the job . the price was good .
have had this for a couple months . it supplies the couple of air stones i have in my tank and is quiet . no complaints .
the cat loves these small loofa dogs . i got it for the chihuahua but the cat took it over . a good sturdy dog .
cord length was longer than advertised , which was nice . not much else to say , works for the truelumen lights as it should .
very nice and holds up well ~ i am a dog trainer so it get a lot of use and washed a lot ~ will order more
they learned new tricks just to get these guys . and i feel good about them getting some nutrition too . also like their pb and salmon flavors .
i have 3 cats it would seem at least one of them would like , but none of them did , they all ran from it , shame really .
my dogs really liked these treats ! they are small but my big dogs still ate them up . good product and packaging
works great and my dog isn't at risk of getting hurt from it . like that i can use it as a bowl in a pinch too
it lasted for quite a while . i wish the smell was a little stronger though . i did notice that it helped eliminate some pet odors .
i am confident that they are getting healthy food and as a bonus , they eat it constantly . my cat loves it too .
it is nice it keeps him busy . he likes to carry around . i would recommend to anyone it is durable .
this scoop really shovels the stuff . it is far more stronger than any scooper that i have owned . wish it came with some kind of holder .
after using a furminator on my cat for years , i didn't even have to shop around when looking for a deshedding tool for my puppy .
my pet loves these . they are really sturdy . i would recommend for dogs that love to chew on things . would definitely recommend them for your pet .
i have yorkies and they are a challenge . with this size , i put a regular pad in the middle ... and they don't miss .
if you have carpet great . but will drive you crazy on hardwood floors and tile . also my chinese crested didn't really get it .
our cat will not go near it ! maybe you will get better results ! ! it does seem to be well made .
i offer a variety of lafeber's foods to both my birds - they just love them ! these are my parakeet's top choice !
my cats love this toy ! they'll play for hours and not get bored . best toy i've purchased in a while .
great item very well made decent size . does what it says nothing escapes the bag and strap is adjustable . you won't be disappointed
the dogs really enjoy it . the scent is nice too.just wipe off any extra coming out from the ears as needed .
this is a wonderful mat for older cats or a cat that sleeps in a colder climate . our cat snuggles up in this mat !
one of the best investments i made before getting my kitten . empty it about every 2 weeks and so easy to use .
this post is wonderful . all 26 of my cats use it regularly . sure helps to keep the furniture from being shredded .
one of my fosters is a ball destroyer and he has yet to destroy this one . worth the extra money .
very sharp and good clippers . i got this for under $ 100 and cuts like a $ 200 unit . i learned my lesson with cheap clippers
very well made product . i like it a lot more than a training chain . sizing is as the product page says .
this ball was much smaller than anticipated . it is also very hard and heavy . it definitely is not a " catch " kind of ball .
very high sides for aggressively digging cats , keeps litter in the box not on floor . no top so my cats are not scared of it .
i bought a small sized and medium sized collar for both of my dogs , matching patterns . they look so cute .
now i don't have to go to petco or one of the other animal stores . these will last a long time .
i have been purchasing quiko eggfood for years and will continue to recommend it . all of my smaller birds love this stuff ! especially my budgies .
i love this pouch . the only thing it needs is reinforcement where it opens , the mouth opening is strips of metal and over time it cuts through .
the fish were hungry and i was lazy . pick up the computer press a few buttons and like magic , its here
our cats love this and it is so easy to use . i could not believe how much fur it takes off .
could not ask for a better filler for the trays in my filters . i use it in all my big tanks over 300 gallons
my dog absolutely goes nuts for kong wubbas ... amazon had an average price before but now it has a new lowerr price 1/2 the national chains
my kitties seem to like it . it is sturdy and comes with catnip . it is all cardboard but looks like it will hold up .
it didn't last very long and i constantly supervise my dogs when playing with toys . they had the ball off and rope apart in 10 minutes .
i tried this food for my cat and it was an " okay supply " , but it was just not what my cat liked .
imagine cleaning diarrhea from a long-haired cats tail and rear legs . this product worked miracles and was safe to use . thank you !
our dog loves it but the squeeker put in wrong position . but she loves it anyway so we'll keep it
so , so treat , yes dog will eat it , but not very excited about it . not great for a training reward .
compact , easy breakdown , easy setup . no issues with it . much easier to use than my previous crate i bought from some random petstore .
not the size way to small and i always order large this is more like an extra small love the lettering but way to small fix your sizing .
my dogs love these toys . i bought two of them . they keep my herding dog entertained for hours ! this was a great daily deal .
nice holder .. you can't pick your color ... but that's okay ... keeps cuttlebone clean and easy to change and hook to cage ! !
i've put them one by one in the chinchilla's cage and he absolutely loved them , chewed them up very fast .
fits true to size . do not just go with the dog's weight though , do your measurements ! ! !
i love these litter boxes , i bought three since i have 3 cats and now it only takes me 5 minutes to clean all their litter .
its new and easy to clean . its not as sturdy as others i have bought but for the price - you can't go wrong
i am very satisfied with citronella products.this was what i need to get my dogs out of my plants and for the collar too.you can trust this product .
fits standard airline tubing , does the job . it's a bit tough to fit them into the tubing , but it holds .
a good product at a great price . i think it good to switch the food off & on.cons ; it leaves a red film on the filter pads .
i ordered 2 for my 2 pups and they both went crazy over it . they love chewing on it and it doesnt even have to be cold
works well enough ; the sizing seems to run small though . it's nice to have the double pack to allow for washing in between the wears .
what is this chirp thing ? prefer my regular water dish and you can just take this chirp plastic thing outta my house .
great nylabone product in a perfect puppy attracting design . very durable even for the occasional chew by my grown labs who are pretty heavy chewers .
very cute toy at what i thought was a reasonable price . unfortunately it didn't last very long with my dogs .
poor quality , not airtight as advertised , opening hinged lid , entire lid pries off when opening . thin plastic not worth the money .
i researched many car seats . this one has a non slip backing which sold me . it fits in both cars - hondas .
my dog likes it , but its hard for him to get the marrow out . i wish it was split open .
we love this on our early morning outings before sunrise ... it bounces crazy , so keeps our dog scrambling to get it , he loves this ball !
they say cats don't like sticky things . they haven't met my cat . he loves sticky things . a lot . nuff said .
this is a safe alternative to using a shock collar it works great . very satisfied with this product , would recommend this to anyone with a barking dog .
well made easy to clean good size , arrived quickly .. it is a very simple productso there is not really anything more to say .
these were a bit too small for my large dog . but i was just glad that they come from the united states and not from china !
so far so good . my lab puppy has not torn this into a million pieces :) most toys he is able to destroy in 30 minutes .
but my cat wouldnt go near it ! it was lush but no cat action . nothing more to say , no really ! ! !
this item does not work ! it is a horrible design and just plain garbage . i threw mine out after several attempts to make it work
the gogo gecko had eluded me - thanks amazon , colors are vivid and design so nice . fit , feel , performance and lupine is brand of choice .
great product . even better price . the pet stores wanted about $ 40 for this kit , which i thought was insane .
my dog loves these ... as with all bully sticks the dog and the stick smells like crap but i never met a dog that didn't like these ...
i try to buy the best dog food on the market . this is a great product , and i will continue to purchase it
pabu doesn't play with this at all , but it's still cute and livens up his home . i wouldn't repurchase , but i don't regret it either .
this didn't work right out the package . a complete piece of junk . get the lazer ii toy they have at cvs instead for a mere dollar more .
again great product and my kitties love it . so i bought multiple boxes with different flavors and they are very satisfied .
great value for the money . not an extremely heavy duty crate , but still pretty heavy when lifting it . folds nicely .
i use these and dentastix after my dogs eat . think it helps to keep teeth clean . my dogs seen to really enjoy chewing them .
seems to work well at keeping the cats flea-free . i just wish my male cat didn't insist on trying to lick it off both himself and his sister ...
hoping to attract some hummingbirds in my butterfly garden . this feeder is well made and cute . love it . i will be buying 1 more .
if your cat has one toy this should be it . my cats will continually play with this toy and then bring it to me .
great looking collar very well made , dog loves it.you can't beat this especially for the price these items are overpriced in the stores love amazon !
i got this for my outdoor cat , it warms only when she sits on it so that saves energy and product longevity , what a great idea !
i have an akita and this brush just doesn't do a whole lot for him . i'll stick with a rake .
i use this for my betta when i am cleaning its tank . it works great . no problems with it so far .
great for a large back yard this thing will make a ball fly far .
i bought these to use in my business . they are ok but i much prefer the hoes and pans that we use .
our cats love the neko toys , although this one a bit less than the others . they are very realistic and durable to tough play .
i did not care for this item , it fell apart after one week of having it . my little ferret tore it apart in no time
vet says my dog has healthy gums , no bad breath and perfect teeth - this product is a reason why
the fish were happier and the tank was clear after useing it . my fish stop acting crazy when changing the water too .
my cats love this one the best . i like that it is " all " real fish and shrimp and not flavored soy products .
my dogs love these jerky treats . they are all natural . i have had no problems with choking . the only problem i've had is running out .
my dog loves this and it was also recommended by the vet who performed surgery on my baby when she broke her arm .
my dogs love these and the duck is a favorite though all the other dogswell treats are great too . highly recommend .
these do cut the nails , but i find that a regular human fingernail clipper works way better than this one does .
ok for larger dog . my dog is small and got choked on them . i gave them to the animal shelter to use for larger dogs .
i mix this in with their cs dry food , it has the best usa ingredients , it smells good and is finely ground .
screws constantly working loose over time . we have to re-tighten about weekly . fabric is rough , but that's fine . everything else is fine .
this is perfect for those cats that get the sniffles and crusty eyes . a little of this each day and the cat is much healthier and happier !
my very finicky shih tzu very happy with these and keeps coming back for more .
this leash is just the right length for walking our dog . very sturdy should last as long as any we've had .
if you buy the treats , best order the ball or one of the other two apparatuses to use with the everlasting treats .
this is absolutely a " bucket-hauling " defeater ! the only problem i see is the suction power , which has none . ( two more words required )
simply put i got this literally at the half the prices i'm seeing advertised from the same seller . it's a good item but it's not worth that cost .
two cats say paws up , and i think it's good for them . i also feed wet , but they still seek out their kibble for a fix .
our st bernard likes this toy , and a month later has not destroyed it at all . it's very durable and a great size for a huge dog .
gamma 2 vittles vault is perfect to hold an 18 pound bag of cat food . keep bugs and air out and food is always fresh !
i keep purigen in it and have had zero issues . the zip tie works well too for changing out media .
this is the only brand and flavor of bones that my dog doesn't get " burned out " on . thanks milk bone ! !
i am a novice saltwater aquarist . product is easy to use and great product . amazon with very good services also
my maltese loves this . she does not have the tear stains she did with other foods i fed her before i found this .
my cats absolutely love this toy . even the dog tries to get in on the fun . this entertains for hours and hours !
my dog loves the bones from costco but i wanted to switch him to something healthy and try to avoid any allergies ... sad that he doesn't like them
haven't used it as much as i planned to , but it's functional and seems to be built to last a while .
my cats love this variety . ( in general purina makes very good , affordable cat food . they a good choice of tasty meals . )
i give l / 2 a pill a day sometimes it works someties it does not but i have been using this for many years ...
my cat loved this , she gets hours of entertainment from this dvd . truly a cat sitter . the product was shipped fast with zero problems .
great price and my dog loves them . i won't feed my animals anything that is made with chinese ingredients and thats why we use these salmon treats .
looks great , but is easily destroyed within minutes by a smart dog . not recommended at all .
i got exactly what i anticipated i would . my dogs start every single day with a dogswell happy hips chicken strip .
these brushes are too big for the mouth of a small or medium size dog . the design is great though .
they do not work at all . the stains remain even though have have used it as instructed .
i love these bowels ! they mount on the side of the crate and make feeding my dog so much easier on both her and i .
this product is great but you need to be very vigilant . it easily gets wrapped around the cat's throat or leg !
this can be adjusted very easily with a push . have a husky and medium size dog they both use it at the second to last height no problem .
plenty of room inside for 2 5lb dogs . easy to open and close . well made . wheels are foamy not plastic . recommend it !
i don't think it worked for my dogs . switched to comfortis and that works better .
perfect for killer chewers . i've been using these for over a year.they last forever and cannot harm your dog.wonderful alternative to chewed up furniture .
work great with the new drink well fountain easy to install would recommend seller and item to anyone easy to clean up to
sent to best friends animal society , was on their list of things they need at the shelter , so i imagne they are pleased with it
my dog adores these treats , the only reason they dont have 5 starts is because i did not notice a major difference in his teeth .
the best deal on the net , myself and my parrot are very happy . i checked other sites and this was by far the best deal .
so far are total indestructible ... dogs drag them around everywhere and even put them back in their bucket when finished playing .
this is very heavy duty for a dog tie-out stake . personally , i use it to padlock my garden tractor to prevent theft .
great bowl , whats more to say ? love it ! heavy construction that will last for a long time if cared for .
the important thing about any scratcher is simply if the cats use it or not . our new kittens took right to it .
too hard and noisy . cats don't enjoy slapping it around . as it just rolls and makes noise . doesn't zip around or bounce or do anything special .
the dogs love these ! nice healthy treat and contain no wheat or grain . very worth the money and i will be buying again .
these are nice beds for patio , dogs enjoy laying on them , we'll built and sturdy , my 25 mixed dog fits good delivery was fast
i cant even use this as it showed up opened already , missing a leg , and 2 of the feet , also looks and feels cheep and unsturdy .
my fish love this product . some of my cichlids are picky eaters but devour these flakes quickly ! no problem with clouding the tank either .
love this holder , fits a 40 lb bag of dog food , i have 2 of them and will be getting another one soon
my cat just likes catnip toys she will not play with any other type of toys it the shape she likes
our dog fights the nose strap . if you're dog is fine with that , i'm sure it would work well for you .
my dog loves the nylabone products . they keep her entertained and last a long time . going to be a great stocking stuffer .
you can't beat the price of this . out of everything i own for my yorkie puppy this is my favorite .
very nice , sturdy dog collar . goes well with the matching leash . what can you say about a leash . should last a long time .
have used this product for years with different cats . two new rescue cats now and i am glad to find this medication for them .
it is basically a very hard plastic ring . maybe it is better for dogs that are heavy chewers . anyways , my dogs had zero interest in it .
my netherland dwarf rabbit loves to run through this tunnel as well as chew on it . it's a great addition to his cage !
easy to clean , entertaining but not recommend as chew toy especially for strong chewers ! love it - good toss ring toy
pill pockets make my life so much easier ! no more trying to fit bread around all the pills , no more unwrappong cheese slices . yay ! !
bought a set for my lab who eats and chews through everything . they lasted so long i bought two more sets ! highly recommend . :) )
my cat liked them very much . although i don't know if they help their digestive system if any problems are occuring .
the price is reasonable and the plastic does contain cat litter smells very nicely . the refill is easy to load .
great and easy to use . never used one of these before but i was able to use it without a problem .
if ur cat likes to play with the rings on the milk jugs . they'll love these toy rings . my cats love these .
she still wears it all day everyday . had to add an extra bell on it due to the fact that she is alot sneakier then i originally thought .
i have a dachund pug mix dog and she fits great inside it . it is easy to fold as well it you need to move it often .
this hoodie is great for maine weather if it came in other colors would of gotten more fits my 7.4 pound maltese perfit
this cat food is of great quality and my cat eats it up . the price on amazon is better than i can find at my local pet store .
i have been feeding my gsp taste of the wild high praire since she was 5 months old . no issues so far . she loves it !
these valves are sturdy and easy to install .. they work as designed . i will purchase them agan.thank you for a great product !
i no longer have to suck on the end of the pipe moves water fast . works good for what it is . can't go work with this
our dog love this food . we tried a different brand but it was too rich and upset his stomach . this one stays with him .
nice container that keeps it fresh my dog loves them and as long as hes happy with them i'm happy great item for your money will buy again ... !
my dogs love these treats . super cute design and nice small size . they smell absolutely amazing . it's hard to believe it is a dog treat .
fits and looks fine on my 100 - pound german shepherd rescue dog . easy to grab as he pushes me out of the way to go out !
my ferrets love to tunnel through this upside down and it is so adorable . it is well made and well worth the price .
as with all mainland products , this works great and i highly recommend it . there is definitely a large advantage of the bio-wheel .
easy to use . my dog actually likes to be groomed with it . it does a good job and easy to clean .
my hands and dog are small but this works perfectly for what i need it too ! i'd recommend these clippers .
my dogs love this and play tug of war over it sometimes . it squeaks nicely and apparently feels good to the dogs .
these are great sweaters i bought them for all 5 of my dogs . they fit really well and keep them warm .
nothing better out there . have been eating / feeding this product for years . it is priceybut would recommend it to a friend
i had an older dog that got worms worked great , i would recommend . this product to anyone a who has dogs
our mini goldlendoodle brooke loves these dog treats . they are her new favorite treats ! great price too . we will be back for more !
our yorkie loves this stuff . our vet gave her some during our first visit and she loved it and we've been getting it ever since .
i thought these bowls would be pretty and work great for my cat . this bowl was not a functional as i had hoped .
you can't beat buying this size and they are very trustworthy , no worries about a product that may harm your dog ... always buy usa
of course these have grain / flour in them but as an occasional treat they are pretty healthy treats for your dog .
my little girls loved this but one of the larger ones ate a foot and hand ... but good news is easy to repair !
my cats don't love this as much as toys with feathers , but it's definitely second best . both love to roll around on it and kick it .
easy to use . i was raising several breeds of shrimp and they are sensitive to water hardness . it's a easy fast test kit and i'm happy with it
heavy chewer for a puppy transitioning to a dog . 6 months later it still in the house and the dog still chews on it :)
not quite as tough . the dogs soon began tearing it apart . a bit disappointing and it will not last long here with our rottweilers .
planet dog makes the best dog balls especially for the pool.only thing is the decorative pieces tend to come off .
for the price it's okay . however , it just feels flimsy . my congo african can destroy it easily . perhaps better for smaller birds
very nice size pan if you have large cats . everyone in our house ( 5 cats ) prefers a roomier cat pan to do their business in .
i have black backgrounds in my aquariums , and these work out great . they do not show up at all ! highly recommend .
when used regularly it seems to do a good job . my dog does not get fleas or ticks and she does go outside
cat plays very rough with it and it has not torn or frayed , he loves chasing it on the ground like a snake .
my dog no longer gets car sick as he is high enough to look out the front window.very well made . top quality .
i don't know why i didn't buy this sooner , my house has never smelled so fresh and clean . the product is well made and durable .
looks just like the product pictured . convenient way to distribute dry cat / dog food , deer corn or seeds for the birds .
my lab is only 9 weeks old and he loves this toy . he especially likes the frayed ends that he can get his mouth around right now .
works okay but smells really earthy , like weeds . helped a little with my doberman's dry skin .
she'll always listen when i have one of these in my hand haha . spoiled brat ! that said , these treats are really good !
very easy to use and much cheaper than other brands . just count the # of drops to 5ml of water .
i have followed all the directions and this doesn't help our dog . i was hoping that since the item is expensive it would actually work . it hasn't .
my 7 month old black lab absolutely loves tossing these around the living room . they're durable and perfect for a teething pup !
love these treats for my big girls who think that they have opposable thumbs . just wish that they lasted longer .
it was ok , i thought it would be just like the picture but is wasn't , they should change the picture .
one for home , one for the cabin . best scooper we've owned in the 16 years of being a dog owner . very sturdy & durable .
these raw hides are soft , but my dogs love them , but they have a very strong smell to them , that is the only problem
this is a great product . the durability of this of these sleeves allow you to clean and re-cleaned before replacing the whole sleeve . i highly recommend these
my little fog has enjoyed playing with this item , she chews on the corner knot send rolls around wrapping herself in the blanket .
love this litterbox ! there is no dust , no smell , and i don't have to clean it everyday . my cat adjusted right away .
great for our pitbull she will not put it down we are going to order another one great price for the size
my dogs did not eat these . maybe yours will but for me i had to rate this low since it did not meet my expectations .
my cat loves it . the colors are gay , am buying another one.would recommend it to my friends.thank you .
this item was ordered because the one we had was to small . great items fits great and my hamsters love it . thank you .
our cats love this post - they can stretch completely out on it & it keeps our new furniture from getting scratched
they would buy more of thse for there dogs and they would tell there friends too buy it too love it
my maltese has problems with her ears whenever the weather gets wet . this helps her a great deal and i do not use it all the time .
this is great litter . very heavy lol , but it works amazingly . i have three cats and it stands up to all of them .
i used it on my dog and can't really say that i actually noticed any real difference in my dog . i give it a neutral rating ,
my cats love this ... not only that , so does my dog . would definitely recommend to every pet owner . keeps them busy for quite some time .
bought these for around the eye area and they fit the bill . sharp . , small and my litte man dosent mind them at all .
my chiuwawa loved them there not messy and airy like a fluffed chicken strip she eats half at a time
construction and size more than expected , has endured hours of play time including tug of war and still holds it shape .
my fussy chow chow only eats pup-peroni ... i mean only eats pup-peroni . perfect treat , especially for fussy dogs . now my rottie puppy loves them too .
great leash , only it is 8 feet rather than 6 as advertised . well constructed , and should last a long time .
maybe it's just me but it smells exactly like how i remember a new barbie used smell like . weirdly plastic and sweet .
these are cute toys but be aware : my chewing chihuahua did it in within one day . cats could enjoy it .
this is another toy that hit the trash can early ... the cute dogs i have are very playful and it didn't take them long to pull it apart !
a perfect fit for my " hot magnum " 250 . i clean & reuse these often when i clean out the carbon filter .
needed advantix ii - as we live in florida , our dogs must be protected all year , and find advantix to be better for me .
i like the food and my ibd / ibs cat loves the turkey version however our vet suggested another kind of food based on my cats needs .
fantastic for keeping your floor dry from messy pets . the price was right and it fits the drinking fountain perfect .
