these clamps work , but they are really hard to get on the hose . they are a 10mm hex head and # 0 phillips driver .
it is cheap and it does the job . i am satisfied with my purchase . i use it for finishing woodworking projects .
this is a nice little saw . very sharp . cuts well . it will slice your finger open . lol . well priced . i recommend
worked fine till the bulb failed . was not able to find a replacement , so the flashlight is now in the landfill .
now i have this installed for more than a year and it works perfect , i just changed the battery once , and it keeps going .
these are exactly as they appear on amazon . all three socket adapters are a high quality build and function perfectly .
these work ok , but i could do just as well with a screw driver , and a pair of dykes , that i already owned .
i've been happy with all the cmt router tools i own . this one was and excellent value and the depth of cut has been very useful .
they would be perfect had they been polarized . they fit nicely over my galsses . i wear them when splitting wood .
i use this all the time for woodworking . at times i just use it to test my cheaper squares to make sure their still ok .
installed these on a jet lathe . they roll smoothly and the locking mechanism is great to keep the tool in place .
not too pretty to look at--but does a nice job--big wide path on the 12 inch blade--and a hole at the top to hang it from
these seem as good as any of this type i have used . this is the best deal i have found .
strong hose , supple rubber , seems sturdy . i bought two of these and so far they have been exactly as hoped .
very easy to program and has excellent range . changing the flat battery is very easy too . well made and should last you a long time .
hardness has its price , as these very sharp bits will snap off if even slightly twisted or bent while drilling . be careful and they should be ok .
don't buy this item if you're looking for a cs500 . cs500s work very well , but i was shipped a cs550 and it doesn't work at all .
very sturdy and excellent price . can't always find a set that converts 1/2 to 1/4 . completes my impact set nicely .
best yet cordless vac , tops all the dewalt 18 volt i own . sucks like a corded unit . i would buy it again .
i had to reorder because this was too wide for our shower door . i reordered the 1/4 " instead . well made and company easy to deal with
i have owned one now for about 12 years with intermittent heavy use . never a problem .
it's a bench grinder . it grinds . it all works . what more do you want ?
needed this for my camping travel trailer ... seems to work and shows the current levels at all times . exactly what i needed and fit the bill perfectly .
this is good so that it does not take up as much room as a regular power cord - does its job
this is my first flint and steel kit . i have started 2 fires with it it took time but it is a skill i'm learning .
i have not tried this yet but it appears to be a good quality addition or replacement . i plan to use it around the back hatch .
these work well for a file cabinet that i built . good and heavy duty . easy to install . a very good value .
good quality pads , nice variety . convenient to have them all on hand . not much more to say but amazon requires lots of words
good value , great product and dewalt quality . this is a first rate piece of equipment . i'm very happy with it . buy it !
the many different sizes come in handy and there are many uses for these clips . great idea to have so many sizes .
we just bought these in may of 2014 so not sure yet about longevity but the lights themselves are nice looking and functional .
it works but i still have dust all over the garage . good product for the money but don't count on it removing everything .
everyone needs one of these . i wish it had a ratchet . maybe i'll make one . muhahahaha ha ha ha ha
they're chisels . they're good for breaking things you want to hit with them . the variety of sizes lets you get into small places .
i found this while surfing the " customers also bought " bar . it is a handy and practical addition to the tool box .
gearwrench makes good stuff . i needed this special size to get the wheel off my motorcycle . this works . it is tough . i'm happy .
for the money you cant beat these knives . i have one in every vehicle in my emergency kits . great for kitchen use too .
these files work hard & retain their effectiveness . the ergonomics of the handles are perfect for my extra large hands .
this sabre saw works good . i find it could have a little more power but it is sufficient to complete most task .
these do exactly what they are supposed to do . they are thick enough that they don't tear but not too thick that they become a hindrance .
i use this flashlight on my key chain ; it is brighter than many full size flashlights . now everyone in my family wants one .
this has it all . if you dont want to carry around a hundred tools , this one toll does a hundred things
this level is very true , solidly built , good magnets , nicely cut v for pipes . it is a real step up from the cheap things .
priced well on az , looks great in my tub , very well made , not a cheap made unit , you get what you pay for .
if you were hooking hose to hose this would be perfect but it is seldom used that way and requires two couplings to be useful .
festool quality . only negative is blade visibility which isn't great . overall worthwhile ... if it lasts decades it will be worth it . should ..
very pleased with the service . it is a pain to be without them when you need a back up and now i have one .
so far i haven't had any issue with these dimmers . i purchase 6 or more.all work well . cheaper than hd
feels good , sturdy and made quite well . i'v only used it twice so far , but it makes me feel safer around the table saw .
this is the best led 2 - d flashlight and the light is very bright - and if you want more get the 3 - d maglite
works as advertised , better for larger objects than smaller heavier ones that we still need the hand truck to move
great tool for clamping all sorts of things . i use it for putting 90 deg bends in sheet metal . works great .
very nice bright light . nice quality , easy to install , well made . we mounted ours in a porch , well protected from the elements .
i have running off a 2,000 w generator and handles load well . ran outside and inside.works as advertised and would recommend .
i am not overly impressed with this item although i have not used it yet . just seem a bit small to get a decent crimp in a connector .
these are too simple to mess up . they have not cracked or broken yet , i use them daily at my job . i am an auto mechanic .
i am using these in my battery powered sawsall and they they work well for trimming and things like that .
i tried two of these blades and they last as long as the more expensive blades . i will buy them again , good price
it is not a bostich , but it will work for my little boys . they were quite excited to get their first drill .
it arrived earlier than expected ! very good meter and i am so happy have this meter.recommend it to everyone
in practice need to the stability and accuracy of the hand more than fully reliable.if the guide arm longer than 10 inch have been much better .
well made pair of pliers with a non slip covering the handles , lite weight and built nice and sturdy should last years .
great deal on a metal geared impact wrench . works great for every job i have for it . hope it last forever ...
assembled in 5 minutescome on at darkrun all night longmake far more light than i expectedactually light a small area of my porch
this is the best caulk gun works very well its the best i have used . it does drip a little bit sometimes but very little .
sometimes when we receive door shipments , the corners for the hinges are a little sloppy . this tool does a wonderful job of cleaning them up .
better alternative to the spray cans ; they are diluted so they spray . this version goes much further since it's not diluted .
you know how it should work , and it does.it ' s just a very handy product . it can be placed strategically for a decorating impact .
these bulbs are a good investment . they are non dimmable . i have not yet noticed a big decrease in my electricity bill !
seals up little leaks along the edge of your pool filter o-ring . far cheaper here than at a pool store . same stuff .
this liitle light is a solid rugged feeling and looking piece of equipment . love it very happy with this purchase
locks working great . medium security high durability . doing fine for a year so far in the hot sun in the elements . no rust .
very good quality foam brushes at a good bulk purchase price . i now have enough for a few years ... yippee
good sharpener . goes everywhere . the cat will not let me type . it's good , i promise you . i recommend it . h
extremely versatile . i scrape wood for a smooth finish ; others remove old paint . perfect for either application . best deal anywhere .
i ended up using it on the porch . not where i had originally planned , but it fit well , and it is nice and bright .
working on a renovation and needed a small , powerful saw to cut pebble tile . makita is one of my favorite brands so it was an easy choice .
quiet as a tool can be and still be a tool . i can talk to customer while it is running and hear every word spoken ,
good sander for softer woods . be sure to go with the grain or you'll have problems with evenness . nice case that comes with it .
for the price , this was a very good addition to my self protection items . i use it for protection while i am grinding metal .
i use this extension cord in my garage and outside . so far so good . i gave this a 5 star rating because it works great
light was better than i expected , light is very bright i dont believe it is a 1000 lumes ok ok
seems to drain battery quicker then advertised . the light is really not that bright either . maybe an led version would be better ?
it does exactly what it is supposed to do and i have no complaints with this product . one of the better ones i have ever used .
recieved today , used on cleaning air cleaner , fit was good , seems to be a good value , will let you know more in a few weeks
works great and is comfortable to use . this saw leaves a nice small kerf and is great for nice little cuts needed for my woodworking .
very well made set of channellock griplock pliers , also called plumbers pliers . a great addition to your toolbox at work or home .
his is a great addition to my round file collection for my knife and scissor sharpening tool kit , it makes the files easier to handle and control
every rver must have one of these . allows you to hook your 30a plug into a 15a receptacle . great for when you are rving in your driveway !
great bulb for a fixture with exposed bulbs , looks clean and fits easy and produces a very even and nice light .
they're needle nose pliers , not much else to say . the work just fine and are spring loaded . they are longer and thinner than some other types .
best carpenter square i could find . nice clean sharp edges for precise markings . works great , easy to read .
better for the environment and my wallet - they do not work with a traditional dimmer , but i don't really use the dimmer anyway
i bought this for my wife . she says its very comftable in her hand . but i recommend the gel refills
moving a hose from one tool to another this connection takes all the work out of it . would order more if needed .
it's a simple thing that works correctly and hasn't let me down . i'm not sure how it could be improved upon . fits mu craftsman sockets perfectly .
my son is a builder and he loves it . it makes his job much easier.and , hanging pictures now is not a bother . thanks .
they are pliers . what can i say . looooooooong pliers . they do the job as advertised , but how can i fall in love with long pliers ?
this is a great heat gun . i love the digital control on this unit ! if they could make a cordless model it would be perfection .
this is an awesome set but i don't know if mine is complete . its still nice to have for hacking random screws
hands down .. you wont find a better led flashlight for a few dollars . i bought a bunch and have one everywhere i might need a light .
these batteries last longer than your standard rechargeable 1.5 v batteries plus these batteries will recharge themselves in less than eight hours .
its strong , sturdy but too wide . its like lugging a small table with you . i gave mine away and built me one out of wood .
not strong enough . i really needed it to be super strong to handle my rough driving of the company van .
this is a true sunlight bulb , its too big for fixtures , but can hang in a socket with no problem .
these replacement lights work fine but are difficult to replace in the flashlight . found using tweezers was best way to put them in .
motorcycle and atv batteries boil dry very easily and this inexpensive unit protects the battery from overcharging and ulimately boiling dry .
it looks good at the beginning . after about 7 months , i cannot even recharge it . nothing works , and i decided to return it .
these are a higher quality , than some other mfg's task lights . it will take a 100w incandescent bulb , and the socket is ceramic , not plastic .
i can see again - sunlight lamps is a must have . full spectrum lighting is " a good thing " especially for aging eyes
they haven't seen long-term use yet , but they seem like very high quality and they do , in fact , dampen very well .
bought these to add a precision fence to my router table . my fence is rock solid , locks down easily and moves smoothly in the miter tracks .
this clamp is great ! you just need about a quarter inch all around to make sure the clamp fits . very easy to use .
great little bit set , and the diamond coat really helps . love the rapidaptor also , and the case they come in .
clear , easy to use , can set up extensive schedule or simple one . silent . includes a randomizing feature for security use .
bougth this to declutter my garage . easy to isntall and sturdy . excellent want to declutter your garage .
do not buy because of needed in an emergency the wall thickness of the sockets is too narrow and will crack rendering the socket useless
i use these with a modified front end and use them for fret tang nippers when fretting new guitar necks .
compact , strong , and great mobility and usage . it is a good size to fit into a toolbox . enjoy it ..
heavy duty well built tools . i had no idea of the good quality these tools are , i would definitely recommend them .
very nice assortment of foam brushes and quite inexpensive . i would recommend this product for others who are looking for a large assortment of brushes .
this would have been fine except the suction cup dod not work . it would not stick to the phone . the suction cup is of very poor quality .
i had three of these burnt out after only a couple of months of low use each . now i avoid g . e . like the plague .
it's a good affordable light , but just not as bright as i am use to for the 150w position . the others are ok ..
like the pencil holder and appreciate the magnet and adhesive plate to old the agent to my aluminum saw table . seems as well planned as any kreg product
i really needed this saw and i love stanley products . it's a keeper ! and the price was great too . it works great .
but , it can be difficult to set up and adjust . i find i use it more as a circular routing guide . it excels in that area .
not had to sharpen yet . i do repairs for a living and they get worked.would buy again without a 2nd thought .
makes thing a lot easier to take tools with you to the sight for repairs
this came fully assembled and the cost was surpringly very low . i glued it to my workbench and i'm happy with it . try it you'll like it .
i use this to examine certain properties of gemstones . glad i got it , it works very well , especially for the price .
works really well and is easy to read . i especially like that it is magnetised and can be attached underneath a metal shelf to determine levelness .
nice looking , sturdy , stretchable , slightly heavy but not too much . what else is there to say about a shower hose
its good to have tools at hand when you need them . every workman should have a set of impact sockets with them .
set up was easy and taste is fine . i recomend this product because it has a few diferent cartidges that filter out the nasties
i use it in my makita mag circ sawgreat for siding and finish cuts.still on my firstblade with a ton of hours.still hasnt shown any signs of dullness .
this one covers all of themserratedstraightreally messed up or any other just needing to be restored to razor blade sharpness
i've purchased this product , in case of an emergency of an accident , i have something to help to stop the bleeding before the ambulance arrive .
i really like this mandrel . threaded so the hole saw does't come loose but is easy to take on and off .
the quick connects makes changing tools so simple . they are made of good quality brass and last very well . they simplify the tool changing process .
these batteties are perfect for solar lighting . solar lights need new batteries after a while so its best to have a supply on hand .
nothing really awesome about these they are just an everyday run of the mill socket bits for a power drill .
perfect for our shop . these have lasted longer than most other hoses , and the guys here are not gentle on them
you got pegboard ? you need these ! tape rolls , odd tools , small tools that don't fit on or in peg board hooks .
these are very good cut off wheels and i have used them to cut 16 gauge steel and many other metal items in my hobby shop .
the round sub base helps in maintaing the router at a square level to the working surface which gives aid to preventing mis-cuts .
this light is bright and feels sturdy . i would buy another if i needed any more lights . i have 15 right now
i purchased a new delta faucet but it didn't come with the soap dispenser . this is the oem part for the faucet set .
dropped right into the saw . my dado set fit it perfectly . no complaints . good product . also bought the 0 clearance plate , worked well also .
safety orange ... can be seen a mile away ! cheap protection and required by law in most states gun seasons ... plus it fits us fat boys !
exact oem replacement for my humidifier . it can be a bit tricky to insert into the carrier , but that is the design . decent amazon price .
the price and look of this head are very nice . the two settings are either rainlike or very firm . the rain works for me .
the stand works great . i wish that lowes carried it on sight instead of offering it by order only . this stand was a great idea by dewalt .
i love these lights . the price was good for these very bright lights . i used them under my kids loft beds to help light up their workspace
i can remember paying $ 30 over the years for garage door openers . this works perfectly . so low priced that i bought an extra .
i bought this to cover my pop up camper for the winter and it is magnificent . it covered it perfectly and seems to be holding up very nicely .
good to have if you are not good at soldering ! let's just say it's made me a happier installer .
it is rain resistant , not water proof . it holds the plugs together and doesn ’ t leak , which fits what i bought it for .
fair not too impressed very cheaply made . will use till next season and replace . lighting not very bright will not provide enough light for a walkway .
i really liked this flashlight . it works well & it is very bright . it seems to be well constructed & it is a good looking light .
these are good for our side tables . i would like to see this in a bright white color and 6000 k
i bought this sander to refurbish my fiberglass boat . it's light weight and has a lot of power . i would highly recommend this product .
perfect fit for the wingman i bought . i always know where my leatherman is located and it is not like the stiff leather cases .
been using this for over four months works as described but could use some improvements around the edges and at the bottom .
wife applied it and it seems to do the job just fine . no issues at this time to write about . g -
i was happy to find this to put on my leatherman wave , it was cheap and was happy to see that it is name brand .
if you are going to use the toll heavily , this is the way to go . of course it works only for the blades , etc made for it
tool well made . didn't fit my xl comcast type connectors . so i sadly had to return it.otherwise very nice .
.. even on their hole saw own blades . i wonder whether another arbor ( e . g . dewalt's ) would be more confidence-inspiring .
excellent value . good quality . i use these in my professional cabinet shop to sharpen carbide router bits . restores the edges in seconds .
i'm using them both on the track , and on the multi-function table ( mft ) . the clamps provide a positive hold on both .
these bulbs do just what they're supposed to , and i can't ask any more than that . four more words required .
this has worked pretty well . not the best i have used but certainly not the worst . 8/ 10 for this glue .
great product , american made and exactly as described . i purchased 2 of these and have been pleased with the quality .
i have bought three of these to build my own studio lights for videos . they are well made and work very well .
no problem at all using these nails in my bostitch nail gun . run through the gun without any problems at all . no misfires .
this didn't work for myledwholesalers gyo 2402 6 - inch 240 cfm air duct inline hydroponic booster fanbut that's ok works for a lot of other things .
they are meter leads and they are fluke , and these are top quality , soft flexible leads . industry standard for good reason .
good stuff - smells bad with those oil pasted on it to make sea voyage reasonable for rustable metals . good effective design .
does the job.with the drive guide slide forward , it is easier to fasten countertops to tight base cabinets .
works and does the job . the hanging head does not fit in the holder very well , but we still use it . good for the money .
removes enough chlorataminates that i don't need remover for my aquarium water . my coffee and tea taste better also . word
i used these on my garage doors with my vera lite system . it works great , no problems at all with vera
church wood toilet seats are particle board and it broke at the hinge when the small screws pulled out . very light use by small persons .
i had my doubts that something so simple would work so good . i have used it several times now and would definitely buy again .
perhaps its because im in a mobile home and the darn staples are to small . c h hanson , you have any thoughts ?
very compact led flashlight . this is a red led not a red lense . seems to be about 200lm . great for scanning for coyote eyes .
relatively simple install . solid valve that is doing its job . the template was very helpful for mounting positioning for tile board install . cheers .
easy to use and install , this little light of mine does a great job . get one and light up a dark spot in your life .
this is a really good item of course made by dewalt ! the bits have a nice variety and are sharp and strong .
i got this to use as a holder on the couch . jam it between the cushions and you're good to go .
broke after one use . i was definitely disappointed in this . the light was bright but i was sad when it broke .
there " tweezers " din't line up at the tip and are basically two pointy pieces of metal glued together . of no value whatsoever .
i got a file cabinet up the stairs by myself by slinging one strap underneath and lifting up like i was bringing a large basket of produce to market .
there is no screw or hole to put a screw so hold it on the wall outlet . falls out all the time ...
tried it for water coming from deep wells ... results are too far off from the standard ... like by 500ppm.and calibration does not help
there is no listing of what bugs these lights keep away but i can tell you the jehovah witness keep on a comin
20 of the wheels ? took 19 to cut a single bolt head , off they break instantly even if they are looked at wrong .
just what my husband wanted and needed . no problems with this order . came in plenty of time to give as a gift .
once we read directions and figured out how to use , it was fine . directions were confusing and small printed . need better ones .
powerfull light bean day or night is a good item to carry all the time . very happy with size and performance .
for what they're intended to do , these work fine . not going to lay down a flawless layer of paint but for throw-aways , these work just fine .
i haven't used this gun since it was purchased . it was purchased to save time while doing home improvement projects .
a very good idea . the blade doesn't flex and cuts a flat flush edge . worked very well on the 3/4 plywood cabinet door cut outs .
more like a 50 or 60 watt incandescent floodlight . a 75 watt incandescent halogen floodlight is noticeably brighter and dims perfectly .
this dewalt 18 - volt drill set is very power but light and easy to use . it is great for simple drilling and use around the house .
maglite st3d016 3 - d cell led flashlight , blackyet another reat flashlight by : mag light ! ! can'y miss with this one ! !
good price , way below the local hvac store's offering . that's what counts in this instance . i bought 2 to cover the next year .
great while it lasted , but unfortunately it only lasted about two weeks . took it out , threw it away and will never buy this product again .
cuts very very precisely and it is very hard to get wires inside the sheath cut if you rotate it the correct amount . its perfect !
these indeed can replace c-clamps in a variety of uses . good bessey quality in a small , high quality package . a +
stanley is the only tape measure my husband ( carpenter ) says is good . they wont cut your hand like others . so get it !
neon lamps last about a year until they start flashing . good locater while the neon bulb works . i have to replace thes things sometimes in 6 months
i only wish it came with piezoelectric ignition . it is great kit for the price , which is what bernzomatic is known for .
this is a high quality vest ... very sturdy and visible .. you will not be disappointed in the quality of this product .. a must have
it stopped working in less than 6 mos ... the original died and was replaced , the second lasted only a short time ...
this is an excellent heavy duty extension cord . very well made in the us . you can't go wrong with this 12/3 extension cord .
don't bother with this solar light as it won't last very long . it no longer works after just one year . very disappointing .
grabbed this set cause i needed to get my purchase up to $ 35.00 , was surprised by how good they really are . good set for the house ...
i chose because is easy to usevery strong gripfaster to use and very useful in every works need to hold
price is right . handy little bottles for keeping glucometer tabs clean and dry . price is right and bottles are plentiful .
better priced than the fancy jigs but works just fine , makes great dovetails with ease , this is worth the price .
wright products-hampton v920 door closer . thanks a lot . my door has no more noisy when i close it . power , easy and very nice .
just what the doctor ordered .. i needed to remove some pins . worked awesome and no damage to my parts . thank you
i put these in the tool box with my cordless screwdriver and they come in very handy to have when you need them .
i thought i had already rated this item . i rate this item as a five . my husband was satisfied with it .
great looking product . bought it to match the rest of the bathroom set . well built and comes with most parts for the installation .
extremely well made . the pouch has an assortment of useful pockets . well designed . i wish the pouch was just a little bit larger .
i needed one of these sets so bad , and it's one of the most valuable assets in my tool collection .
this is ok . it works and does the job , but sometimes it sticks and sometimes you have to jiggle it closed .
i couldn't find an exact note about the 22 oz estwing but it fits perfectly . i waxed the leather and it's been great !
very heavy duty . will last a very , very long time , in most applications . it weighs a lot , so be prepared .
this faceplate is strong , nicely machined , and runs true . i am happy with its performance and i am considering getting another one .
i buy this piece tool is perfect for work hard i not have problem i use a lote times i love it
you know you are going to need it . super bright poly rope . 25 feet not to much not to little . just right .
makes my thermostat look complete . just like putting a picture in a frame . very happy with this purchase and i am happy i ordered it .
i needed something for the refrigerator . this has worked well for a few months so far . no problems . i'd buy again .
does an excellent job or filtering . i have them being sent on a three month basis , so i never have to think about when to buy another .
works just as u would think ! so ... little bulky case but a good one . i would recommend this to anyone
i like the new pushbutton feature . these pliers feel good in the hand , appear to be well made , and function as expected .
more power than the stock battery shipped with my drill , i don't need to get a new 18v drill now . fast delivery and great price .
i purchased this to use on my extension ladder . i am a professional remodeler and need something easy to install and remove . this stabilizer does the job !
what can one say about a delta faucet original part , stem assembly , for a bathroom faucet : it fits .. and that's good .
for me , these have always worked great . good 360 degree coverage . not too sensitive - just right . no fuss installation .
handle is of good quality and looks sleek . price is a little high , but you get what you pay for . easy install .
this bottle works super . i will order the larger one also when i get my shop set up . grips and spreads much better than round top bottles .
works great ! i have a 1000 gallon tank and after 30 years of use with out draining it was still in good shape .
as seen on tv for night driving . does reduce glare from oncoming cars with newer headlights which tend to aggravate light sensitivity when i am driving with a headache
i've been looking at the oakleys but this was a better alternative due to price , just wish it was all black .
perfect tool for around the house or office for quick fixes . no more hunting for the correct bit 100 % self contained .
organized all my batteries and the tester helps me save on batteries . tester also lets me know which rechargeable batteries to recharge . worth the money !
this is a well-built level . it's got a magnetic strip on one side . i've used it to make sure my speakers and tv are level .
love the flat plug , but the outlets on the extension are too close together to allow more than one stupid electronic transformer to plug in at a time .
a good product , which works well on knives that aren't seriously dulled ( for which you need a professional sharpening before using this device . )
this is a good combination of bits that accommodate almost any project . it doesn't lack any significant size bit . word
handy . good length for tool providing better leverage and torque definite must with the multibits . securely holds in place at both ends of the leatherman tool .
it is what i was looking for to protect my tv and my receiver . it is easy to install and out of the way .
good quality and delivered quickly . have not had much cause to use the saw but cuts very nicely and flexible to do a flush cut .
this is a great product but if you look around you can find this clamp cheaper .
bought this for the halloween and love it . it is a real gas mask and can be used for emergency .
this has been a very good nailer , light weight and easy to use.came with a case to keep nailer safe when storing .
the quick re-key feature is great . the anti-bump tech is good too . otherwise it is a lock and does what it is supposed to do .
very large and very sturdy ! no complaints . they look great and work great as saw horses . money well spent that will last !
i was torn between the . 1.75 gpm and this one--at 2.0 gpm , i expected a slightly coarser flow . i got it . couldn't be happier .
this product performs exactly as expected . i purchased these to make a low-cost indoor grow light for my herbs - they have been perfect so far .
i used the magnet to attach the light to a bandsaw . it has stayed in place well and lights up my world when following a line .
works soooo much better than the one from h . f ... better readings , more consistent , more comfortable and waaaay cooler , bitchin baby ! ! !
i gave this to my daughter as a gift and she absolutely loves it . she couldn't believe how sharp her knives are after using this device .
looks good , price was right and meets requirements . comes with a ratchet suspension so it has a comfort fit .
great little light for gunsmithing use . i use it all the time when working on my guns . very bright for a one led light .
great wire mesh ( cloth ) . well packed and handy for any number of projects . need wire nippers to cut and wear good gloves .
its a two gang switch cover plate and works as intended . what more can i say ? also , it is white .
i used to have to struggle to remove items from those dang clamshell packages . this item makes it so simple .
not the best blade in the world , but certainly not the worst . it cuts decent . i'm pleased with the performance for the price .
this down rod is a good product . works well . in my opinion it should come with the fan like my first one did
try finding these tips anywhere else ! they are the standard replacements listed in weller's catalog . they fit an work as expected .
i've purchased blades locally , but not at this price . an excellent value and a good variety of blades . was well pleased with this purchase .
this does the job , but it also breaks easily ... also a little bit of water comes out from the side ...
this little tool will be helpful in many tight places and the dual socket design makes it a very useful tool . get two and you wont be sorry .
and my wife likes this one best . the other one has more power but this one is easier to handle and maneuver especially on stairways .
i got this for the boat so the fuel won't go bad , but lawn mowers also go a long time without new gas as well .
i wanted an extra remote and this unit works fine . seems more sturdy than my original remote . no problems after 2 years .
i bought this to keep around the house or use when i go camping and it works great . haven't had one problem with it since i bought it .
this product did not work for me . i obviously did not get a good fit , or the product wasn't what i thought it was .
it seems to work but buying the main ingredient in bulk makes way more sense .
the light manufacturer designed or built the lights so that they would only take this specific maxlite bulb . the bulbs arrived in good condition and they fit perfectly ..
these little finger lights are a big hit with kids . very well made and last for hours . have bought this product several times . great for parties .
bright indeed . has a pretty good radius . definitely a worthwhile light for a backyard area . illuminates well . i'm buying another one .
it works well , but is so large it can't be used in tight quarters . it seems to be of good quality , and the price is right .
dewalt should have put this in the kit , but if you shop around here the price is good , and it's a very useful item
this is a really useful organizer . love it has a battery tester . should have ordered another for our son who's alway's trying to find batteries
you won't find a deal this good in the store ! looked for a long time for these items but never found a deal like this one .
this short cord is a must have in addition to my power strip , ease cord clutter with the short length , works great & looks nice
this beats putting together 4 - 6 " extensions . they work great for those hard to reach locations . i've used them plenty so far .
this is my third bb extreme . one appropriated by a family member and the other appropriated by a non family member . need i say more ! - .
this is the perfect tool for flipping jobs . i used it to desmantle a house i flipped and it works incredible . would recommend
works great , finds studs very quickly . has a strong magnet , lets you know exactly where the studs are . i recommend this product .
for the money it's a great tool . has a pocket clip but no pouch . lacks a proper phillips head . it's combined with flat blade .
likes : variable speedergonomic handlesplunge feature with 3 preset positionsi like this thing . it works well for my occasional needs .
needed a portable fan and this thing works great . it is awesome that it uses my makita batteries too ! recommend !
no complaints . easy on the hands , well-padded grip , and the working surfaces are sharp and well-tooled . a great tool for the price .
perfect ! very durable and practical . i would order these again . however they should last me awhile . made of good quality .
does what it is supposed to do , but must be wrapped with some insulating tape or binder to keep it in contact with the pipe .
they are hard to operate at first try , but after that they'er great straps . hook are heavily coated and ratchet works great .
flashlight never worked even with fully charged batteries . did not come with extention tube as advertised . returned . will not purchase this type again .
great tool works great and easy to handle . light weight . i like that the head of the saw moves 360 degrees
perfect for model kit builders . just another work station that turns your rotary device into another tool . of course bits and rotary tool is not included .
i love their system . bosch is onto something here . index it once and have fun .
the pocket jig works great when building your own picture frames . i'm glade i spotted this at a friends house one weekend .
this circular saw has come in handy and the rockwell brand is seeming to hold up . this saw will be well used .
had seen it advertised and had a family member that had some experience with it . good solution for quick in expensive ventilation without flies etc.works as advertised
i bought them as gifts but checked them out , see no problem , should be very useful . i am sure they will like them
good lights they seem to do what they say they will do , and they will be great stocking stuffers for christmas
it arrived fast and in good working order . check your local stores to find these at clearance prices after halloween .
this is a nice sanding block . it is comfortable and it really does hold on to the paper . paper change is a breeze too .
this item works great for the purpose i had intended it to . it is large enough to collect dust from most of my wood working equipment .
this thing is built heavy duty , made a lot stronger than the dewalt . i see a lot of projects coming for this saw .
i replaced 20 year old painted versions when refinishing cabinets , works and look great and easy to install . i recommend .
good for pocket , night stand or vehicle . good light . only uses 1 aa battery ( not included ) . always good to have inexpensive flashlights .
very satisfied , good product . love flat plugs - why doesn't obama do something constructive like outlaw non-flat plugs instead of incandescent lights ! !
makes 24 foot fiberglass extension ladder very heavy . assembly instructions hard to read . but it is exactly what i wanted .
these work quite well and make the installation of lights and neon so much easier due to the separately corded sensor . i like them .
it does what it's supposed to do and does it well . i also purchase a replacement bit at the blue home improvement store for it .
works nice , compliments the full size 6 n 1 i have , and its klein ! very happy with this purchase overall .
best heat gun that is worth the extra money . accurate temperature control setting and readout . long life so far , 3 years .
great item that works as it was designed to with no problems . it is a great price for the amount of wire .
good price . it is easy to install and works as advertised . had no issues with wet / dry vac . i would recommend .
good product . comparable to any product in its class . and you cant beat the price so good addition to the tool kit .
item arrived on time . tweezers work well . fair quality but good price .
these hose couplings are excellent . very well made and work smoothly . i am very happy with this purchase .
bought this to put in the edc bag . quality tool and fits in the bag perfect . use it all of the time .
i was skeptical when i ordered this but after using 2 of the 3 tips i feel it is quite well made and so far has been problem free .
great tactical light if your looking for something powerful at this price point , you cant go wrong . i love it so far
this light is awesome . i'm amazed at the amount of light from such a small light . i can see everything in my yard at night .
this product looks and works great . i have been using them for over 1 year in my garage . highly recommended .
good brush to get in those hard to reach places when painting . it feels really nice in my hand as well .
great way to keep your socketsorganized.socket tray is of goodquality , i may order another . i wouldrecommend it to others .
maybe i missed where it said it would be out of it's original packaging but overall i am pleased
well made , just as depicted on picture . the handle is a bit long for a light hammer but that is just a personal preference .
this little pen light came in handy several times already , and i am surprised how very bright it is . i hope it holds up !
these items are simple enough . if you use tools and don't have these , they are a a must have . they've done the job so far .
the grip is great and the product seems well designed and of quality materials and all suitable for the intended purpose .
it does what it says it does , works well and is easy to use , but pricey for materials that make this up .
durable and solid recommended for anyone i would purchase from this site again easy to use and good quality product
put this in my smoke detector ad lsted 6 days only thus a waste of money i think and will buy locally fromnow on with batteries ,
need a good general purpose saw ? this is the one . i have several saws and this is the one i use most often . cuts fast .
i switch to using this from my regular dremel collar . it holds the bit much tighter and allowed me to finish my project .
these pliers cover the range needed for almost anything.the one disadvantage is that the handles are not insulated for electrical work . otherwise , great tools .
bought this to use with the bosch hose adapter buy with some rescue tape it my work . won't know until i use it for a while .
this is the lightest most stable portable bench i have ever used . being able to put tools under the top for easy access is great .
used this making a drill press table . it worked great ! quality materials and great quality control . very true and well extruded .
this impact ready rapid load 1/4 inch bit holder has an oversize strong magnet to hold screw into position . i wold recommend it .
overall , these work best for stripped phillips head screws , or small screws . for extracting bolts spiral or straight flute extractors are better .
perfect for intended application , to hold ladder for roof maintenance strong for safety , durable but not too heavy . quality paint .
love them love them love them . i wish though the hooks could be a little smaller as i had to wedge my calender into the hole .
we changed out the household units to dual sensor . when we added another garage this unit only made sense . be sure & change your battery every year !
i have snap-on-tools which are the best to work on engine repairs . but these are much better at about 1/2 the price .
consider one or more if you have a large area to cover and you will needskylink ha - 434rtl kit with it , very effective ! !
great product , have used them for over a year and still performs like new . cant go wrong for quick connects .
it makes light and the globs of god knows what float up and down and my 6 yr old is happy again .
i have really enjoyed my kregg jig . i dont plan to by any more grabber screws i have loved the kregg screws and drivers .
great tool . i use it to remove nails . the curved head allows for rocking . it has a strong cutter edge .
i replaced the old ones i had with these , and i have no issues with them at all ; they work well .
hi all , this product is made great , and you will be happy with akro mils.enjoy , thomas
this product worked great to etch copper jewelry . it was very fast acting . it's a large container so it lasts a long time .
it works as intended but it is not that great quality and water got into the shell so i had to seal it with some tape . still works
i bought this to replace the lock for the safe in my motorhome . fit perfectly , was easy to install , and works great !
fits like a glove ... but then it should it is a shop-vac part after all . why do i need to type all of these extra words.geeze .
great batteries for the price ... bought more for lights for home use and for my bug out bag . these have a good storage life .
to use one aa battery its good ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
what can i say , it's the genuine article and priced accordingly . while they are pricey , it was still cheaper than a new drill .
have a few of these . solid tapes , they will last decades . my dad has several of these from the 80 ' s , still going strong .
this really lights the way in the darkness . the light beam is focusable and flash enable . i would buy again ..
i ordered two sets of three based on my expectations from other wireless spotlights . three lights provided all the light i needed in the area .
i bought the wrong thing will use for wood signs wanted it for my stairs that need to be finished .
bought this catches to use in my camper.the doors would not stay closed on cabinets.these catches work perfectly to keep doors closed.highly recommended by bob .
i have tested aa , aaa , c , d and 12v batteries on this battery charger . it works great and is cheap !
new shape but the same one i got at ace years ago . they last a long time . my last one i got in 1998 . sw
great organizer - if werent made in communist china it would get 5 stars !
the light and magnification is good for my uses , mostly gunsmithing , but i wouldn't want to wear for long . i thought it was uncomfortable .
like usb or 12v.it works great as expected.not as easy to use to get the most out of it , so keep the instruction book around .
these are going to work great in the drill press table i'm building . just the right addition to my home workshop . thanks router table depot and amazon .
solid tools , great varieties in sizes and good value all around for the price i'm happy with it just what i wanted .
seems very well made and does not leak . quite a bit tighter when an air tool is inserted in it ..
this is a nice add on attachment , but i rarely find a need for it .
this thing keeps a nice shine , is very sturdy , installed in the rubber liner & mud bed ( s ) during construction no issues .
just what i was expecting from streamlight , they never disappoint me . really shines downrange and works well on my ar15
seems a little goofy but will do the job . great for the price but i should have spent a little more for a digital one .
excellent tool i use it almost everyday , i'm very satisfied with it , no problems whatsoever with it i'll order again if needed to .
but the case could work a bit better . the socket and allen key drivers fall out of their slots too easily . but otherwise happy with it .
i bought one for myself and loved it . i ordered a few for a friend , my brother seen themand asked me to order a few for him.paul
works well after you get it set up . i love being able to tweak the fit . i would recommend this
yes , theses items work as you'd expect them to and with the quality you would expect from the miller line .
i swore by biscuits for everything , now i use a lot of pocket screws for smaller jobs . the screws pull the wood together and don't require clamping .
my wife always kept her older nightlight on in the bathroom . i wanted something that used less energy , this worked out great , now we're both happy .
fits on my dewalt dw716.quick release ( 3/4 " rod travel when lowering / releasing the lever ) . sturdy and precisely built.recommended !
used this to get out water marks left my sprinklers . worked very well on my black scion frs . good quality .
it has a good selection of screwdriver bits . however , the driver extension bit is flimsy and got bent after a few uses making it useless .
the light is not that bright and you can't change the focus . the red light is kinda pointless since its even less bright .
what can you say about pliers - - good quality name brand ; and the grips are excellent .
the battery appears to operate as desired so far but it is produced and sold by an alternate provider ( not makita ) .
why did you choose this rating ? 5 stars --> it's okaywhat did you like ? it's okaywho would you recommend this product to ? all my buddy
excellent product . perfect for many home projects or car repair . i'm very pleased with this dewalt dw2234irp 1/2 inch magnetic pivoting nut driver .
these two seem very well made and hopefully will be long lasting . nice casing , seems very sturdy . a case would be nice .
lasted about a year . clear plastic covering on solar panel clouded , use tooth paste to clear it . solar panels plastic covers should be glass
this is a great ( large ) miter saw . easy to move around ( get the stand with wheels ) . quite versatile .
90 % of the time drilling out broken hardware for an easy out the hardware will back out in the process .
it's a heavy rule but it really does extend past eight feet so i can measure when i am alone . much lower priced than local stores .
well made and works well , it would be nice if it was magnetic to hold the small nuts to start them .
not many times used these bits last year but worked so far good . price is good comparing with other companies .
as the need for eye protection is very important , i canot say enough about saftey glasses and these are nice !
simple & easy decibel meter . works well . i purchased this for use in our local house of prayer to set sound levels from the sound booth .
it's great to have the two back-up battery i guess now i need to get the other charger so i will always be ahead on power .
very nice hose 100 times lighter than standard rubber hoses , i'll only own these polurethane air hoses in the future , also extremely durable
it bends copper tubing ok but it kind of flattens it too much in the corners . for the price its much better than bending by hand .
i used this for my storage shed in the yard . easy to set up the code and easy to unlock and lock .
good sensor for using with micasa verde lite . no problems so far . it comes with brown and white casings so you can choose the color that fits you
love this spout . i installed it in 30 minutes , slipped on the 1/2 " pipe and tightened the set screw , no leaks
this is the only paint i have found that works consistently on plastic . i use it to paint rigid pvc pipe and fittings in a pond system .
cheap price sharp knife should i say more . 4 star because it could use some more filing on top but great all around
i have to say that thankfully i haven't had to use them much ... i keep them in different areas as a backup .
i have a lamp that the cats keep knocking down . now i no longer have to worry about broken bulbs . this is perfect .
this rocker switch is well made , easy to install and a nice improvement over the older style switches that are in the house .
xuron tools generally are a good value . i just wish they would have spring loaded the scissors . otherwise great for multiple uses
looking for a replacement at a more reasonable price . found it here . prompt delivery and perfect fit for my " red line " craftsman filter . recommended !
i bought this to put in my trunk of my car the tools are strong and a great assortment of them at total if seprate at least 100 bucks
lot of money for this piece of plastic but it accepted thinset really well and wasn't too awfully painful to instal . will certainly make your niche creation easier .
used it only once and it was extremely easy to use and a very good product
works as advertised . photoelectric cell is well made and the unit seems like it will hold up well through the weather .
love this little vise . works very well . i will be buying several more of these to add to my shop tool assortment .
simple , reliable , and easy to find in the dark . i really like the ability to infinitely vary the illumination in any room .
while the rating of a battery is subjective at best i believe these replacement batteries are equal to if not a little stronger than the original equipment .
it's a simple item.you do not get drain assemblies with your new sink.the garbage disposal has one.you need to buy another.this works fine .
great product ! it is cheap and it works very well ! it has everything that i need to fix any micro stuff !
these are much less expensive than the ones at the big box stores . work fine for me for glue application
the light socket is as described and works well . no problems with the construction or design . it looks just like the picture .
haven't used this product very much yet but it seems to do fine and worth the money . for now and then use i would buy them again .
i get these often but never so inexpensive , they are imperitive to my dremel tool i love em and am sure you will too
the headband is all hard plastic and has a lot of sharp edges . maybe they could have put some kind of pad on it .
excellent assortment . the black on them scratches off easily , but the bits themselves are fine . i'm not concerned with their appearance so much as their durability .
great little flashlights . they are bright , lightweight , compact and much better than the old d cell flashlights . the price was right as well .
i really like it . no problems with it . does a nice job . worth the money . highly recommended . i use it for flooring installs .
nice addition to the jawhorse built well , like all the possible angles you can set up with this accessory .
installed and set up in minutes , super simple . no complaints , works like a charm on my lights . plus it looks really good .
only complaint is not having a grove on both sides of blade for right hand or lefty . i use it daily.holds its edge well
very bright and and good coverage very easy to install and use and with 1600 lumens is very bright light
these are cheap and pretty much perfect . they open and close easily , have a good grip on them , and do what i expected .
just had one occasion to use it before sealing our countertop but it did remove an oil stain very well from the granite .
not great not bad but just good enough for a bit of touch up here and there . me fussy , no .
great value & quality . i am a professional signmaker - we use cordless drills on a daily basis . milwaukee drills are all we use now !
if you frequently find yourself needing o-rings , you will like this set . i wouldn't use them for high pressure , fuel or lubrication applications .
this bulb is bright and provides a nice coverage area outside my home . the bulb has been running now for 2 months and is never turned off .
i have used these torx bits to open up electronics for repair , and also to take apart a kinect for a project .
installed these under cabinets in the kitchen to shine on the counter , they work really well . saved me from buying special " under cabinet " lighting .
this is well made but small . ideal for a mini cree flashlight but not for anything much bigger in diameter .
could be better . not for every day industrial use . the tips strip easy and wish this was just more durable
this air hose was of high quality for a fair price . i would not hesitate to purchase another one or to recommend it .
simple to use . as many have said , good clamping strength . overall design is a bit clunky but functionality is tops .
its very useful and quikle to usevery good gripi used always in all my works in my table saw
very well made but i think the price is to high . their are other brands made that are also great quality for less money .
i use this mandrel with a cutting wheel and it locks the cutting wheel very well . very clever locking mechanism .
we wanted 2 towel rings in our guest bath that had a rustic look and these work and look great another easy install
locks onto the head of the nut you are trying to loosen or tighten and makes your job much easier .
handy extension makes ripping larger pieces of wood easier . no need to set up a stand next to saw . the saw should have come with it
as with any impact swivel it will im sure eventually wear out but so far they have performed well and i have no complaints . good quality for the price
great looking simple to install door handle that has worked as expected for 6 months with no fading or operating issues
i needed a timer to regulate the amount of light my seeds and seedling received . this little thing worked perfectly and was a good price .
that's all i have to say about that . i bet these will last for a very very long long time .
by itself this clamp seems lost but , supported by the other kreg clamps , it's a great clamp to have especially if you work with kreg tools
the is a very workable case with a nice selection of bits designed to work with the impact driver . a great addition to the makita impact cordless unit .
well made quality hose for your compressor . it doesn't come with any adaptors or connectors though or i would have givin it a 5
works great no issues solid buy . prongs are short i would deff recomend getting the starter kit that come with alegator clips and longer prongs .
if you actually use the knife you'll need some thing to hone the blade like a strop and stropping compound or micro abrasive paper .
attractively inconspicuous design looks almost smae as a regular toggle switch . lutron products are reliable and always a good value .
very useful in filing of small objects . an economical asset to my tool box collection . good construction and very durable .
this works as it is described . feels strong and easy to crank . light is bright enough for a backup flashlight .
i use these for the home shop have not had any problems yet . they do their job at a reasonable price
i like the scissors and the mini pliers are very good for small tasks to tackle i'm happy with this mini multitool .
i have always swore by dewalt tools . this set is no exception . it is a great value and a complete set for my purposes .
cheaper than home improvement stores have it . it is not solid ; it is molded plastic . took to painting as well .
these are really nice more then happy with them and would for sure get more i feel there made well
love this tool for checking right angles and for measuring . the level comes in handy as well during certain jobs
the set scew backs out rather easily . the quality of this product is consistent with the price .
use a lot of cedar drill then screw fast interchange handy box to keep all intact good quality price was good am happy
it is not that large and you can carry it in your pocket . it gives a very acceptable light with a great beam and i really like mine .
it clips easily to your belt , and it's sturdy . no sharp edges . only took a minute to attach it to the drill .
extension cords are always welcomed in my home . this particular one is of high quality and durability . no home should be left without one .
bought because of price . i was pleased with the quality when they arrived . i use them in my smoke detectors.they arrived very quickly ! ! jlfeth
absolutely an everyday carry essential . i find myself using this light multiple times each day and it performs beautifully . highly recommended !
with the added security of the key pad deadbolt , the juno entry knob featuring smartkey , in venetian bronze makes my home very secure !
only con is its hard to differentiate which rubber side is harder . they are both rather firm . seems quality though .
super sharp , nice clean holes , tough , nice case , just an overall great quality drill set . nice variety of length & sizes .
the adapter does save a lot of work in converting current alarm boxes so the new alarms can be used , however they are a challenge to get in .
my only concern is that if you push the button each time you get different modes , strobe and sos . still worth it .
and very easy to install . you could make one of your own , but it's really not cost effective .
the handle was boogered up , had to sand it down to keep splinters out of the hand , was no problem , good buy for the money
do you really need more cheap plastic junk ? it's easy to smash if you're frustrated . or you could save your money , and your sanity .
for the printing work i do these work well for me and is cheaper then the box stores . , will buy again .
the suggested retail price is & 4.99 . other sellers have this item for $ 3.99 or less . why does amazon sell for $ 10.99
junk ! very poor quality throughout . not much light , even after a sunny day , none after cloudy days . cheap plastic spikes break easily .
i have several rental homes in nc , needed a smoke / co2 detector to comply with nc rental law . these work great , would buy again
really nice in tight places . i am a handyman and great use . fits really nice in my tool bag and hand .
it's good . my only issue is that it cuts off by 1/16 " but that's not too much of an issue with me because i'm not a professional .
takes the mystery and potential damage to chandelier chains out of adjusting the height of chandeliers and the length of other similar split chains .
bought this for stereo removal on the 2002 honda civic . this worked great and was able to remove the unit without damage .
great price for this premium brand . it's the third one i've purchased in the last year . builder plus not available in stores .
cuts like a charm . i am a handyman and these are very high quality tools that appear to last my lifetime !
this unit was very well made . installed very easy . looks great . price was right.now i wish i would have bought the stainless model
easy to install and pair with the opener . works every time it's tried . maybe i'll stop locking myself out of the house , now .
recevied item in great contition . i have ordered many of this item . it works great and of good quality at a good price .
love this 3 prong extension . i always seem to need one and this one is so convenient to use . love the light color too .
all of my impact sockets are tekton cr-vs . these are bulletproof . these are great with great for automobile diyers . these go great with the 4870 set .
this works fine . don't expect last more than 5 years . they works well and cheaper than most places i can find .
great for the price . there aren't that many adjustments but this is a very nice simple detachable shower head . looks high-quality , works well for me .
it can be turned on and off , and it is pre-charged . very bright . well made . what else can i ask for ... simply love it .
a year later they are still going strong and holding a charge . ( ( i really hate they require a word count ) )
bought for my ' bug out ' bag . good basic emergency lights . casing is a bit rubberized , seems fairly durable . would recommend .
great ! ! ! does what it should but one burnt out already ... not the best ... seems like it needs to be stringer .
they are great i have used them foe garage door install ! they track pretty well or don't in other words .
good product . fits my welder . same quality product that my hobart welder came with . would recommend this product to anyone with a hobart welder .
takes the guess work out of when water will start being warm then hot here in our bitter winter this year
showed up brand new shipped in the dewalt box . worked great from the start , good life from a non-xrp 18v lithium pack.no complaints , highly recommend .
very sturdy construction but time will tell working great so far.installed product as soon as i received it.color matches also would definitely recommend
any workshop should not be without one of these . quite cool and comfortable ( i live in the tropics ) . easy on , easy off .
not too bad for the price .. the sockets fit a little loose but like another poster stated just squish them a little and it'll work :)
i am restoring a ford van and wanted the wiring system secure . this crimper is doing the job nicely with few bad crimps ...
i bought this item for my shop . you can't this for less anywhere for less . and they are tough , well made . sw
this pump is easy to install , works great and is ideal for an area that a traditional sump pump will not .
good heavy duty wire cutters & pliers . good addition to the tool box if you need a multi purpose tool
this kit is pretty cool , and it is priced right . i and currently using the holders and the anti roll adapter . well worth the money .
while it was as listed i have now found 3800mah to 4000mah for about the same price so these are not the best price , otherwise as listed
it did the job that i needed it for , and will keep it around incase some thing else comes up
a three piece wood chisel set that is another stanley set covered by the lifetime warranty and is easy to handle and use
the bulbs work very well , and i'm glad that they come in a 6 pack as i use them for a vanity .
these lights are awesome . easy to install and puts off a lot of light ... almost too much light . i highly recommend .
its a black light switch . when i hit it , the switch turns off or on . works as it should and arrived with no cosmetic defects .
i got this to save my clothes working when in garage / workshop - holds my pencil & safety glasses near to hand .
this product has eliminated the mess i had collected from years of repairs . all hardware is now stored for easy access .
• compact , lightweight modern design • professional quality gun • push-n-click spray pattern adjustment • easier than ever to get the results you want
nice rig - works great on my dewalt 618 router . this edge guide meets the quality that i expect from dewalt .
i would reccomend this square to anybody who needs the ease of cutting square cuts on all thier projects correctly .
as a professional refinisher and furniture maker , the milwaukee palm sander works much better than any other brand that i've used over the past few decades .
good stuff still works after like 4 moths , not very durable so dont drop it otherwise is is relay nice for the price
i bought a new house and planned on doing the wiring right the first time . thats exactly what these allowed me to do
very nice caulk gun . grip is a plus feature if you have arthritis . so far has done an excellent job . smooth trigger operation .
we got the order on time and was as advertised - - batteries where good and where in good shape and we would buy again
this set increases my socket drive flexibility . the adapters arrived as scheduled and was adequately packaged for this type of product . the set was just as advertised .
i have purchased a few of these for different sets of keys i have . the learning / setup is easy and quick and they work great .
there are brighter & smaller ones , but this is well made and will run the rechargeable lithium cellspack pack
this has a useful selection of tools , looks and feels well made and has held up well for 2 years now .
very good light . sturdy and worth the investment . lights up my work shed bench very well with out using other light .
comfortable to wear for long periods due to its design and light weight including the weight of the filters . easy to adjust . easy to clean .
a fine product--but had mixed reviews , not sure of the overall issues , will need time to twll . for now , easy to set up and works !
they're channellock , they're well made , they cut 10an well ... if they were an inch longer ( more leverage ) they'd be 5 *
mine don't work any better than a regular wrench . i can't recommend this item . buy a set of good quality box wrenches instead .
these are narrow 48 " fluorescent tubes . they work fine . bulbs either work or they don't , and these do . ' nuff said .
well made , straight , lock mechanism ( ball ) works very well and overall manufacturing is perfect
the product arrived on time and was packaged well . it is the quality i expect from bosch . it is light and precise .
this is only light to buy , it don't get any better than makita flash light . plus the price was right . h dionne
decided to try a different band and have had no problems what-so-ever . it did work great , when it worked , kind of ...
wish it came with a ph2 . i don't need a ph0 . give my a ph1 + ph2 and i'd be happy . nice that it's pen sized .
it keeps wood from splintering . keeps fingers intact . works and fits properly . need i say more ? yes to complete review .
i love using this driver . its got plenty of umph for its size .
perfect replacement pad fits exactly the way its supposed to and at this price don't pass it up cheaper than from pc
good price , easy to install , blades are sharpened on both sides . no adjustment required after installation . took only 10 minutes to replace .
these bits are nice and do what they should . i was surprised that they stay on the rail pretty good .
couldn't find this size at home depot . fortunately , they fit perfectly and work great . i'll probably be ordering more in the next couple of months .
this design has remained virtually unchanged since the 80s - cause it works . easy to install , simple to wire up and performs well .
they are pliers , not sure what else to say - but they did get the job done when i was working on my car !
if you do not have this buy it . takes your normal bits and expands their capabilities to reach most screws
good price , good product , fine service , what else is there ? good price , good product , fine service , what else is there ?
small and bright with a rugged design and multi-operating modes . if you need a lightweight , handy flashlight i would definitely recommend this product .
great product and easy to setup - bought about two months ago . works great with ipad , smart phone or computer .
i would reccomend this foam tape to anybody who needs to seal out cold air thier home , buy some now .
great handy gloves to have a round the garage for those messy jobs . they are ex large as well for my big hands
seems well made . as long as your flashlight and bicycle handlebar are the right diameter for this mount holder , it should work fine .
this thing cuts thru everything i put to the test . wood , metal ... everything . this is a great piece for your tool set
just got this tool and i am already impressed . i'm actually thinking of getting a spare one for the price it's worth it . nice !
cannot find a led light bulb that really gives a strong bright white light . they're ok . used them at a different place that they were planned for .
i bought two of these for a mission trip i recently went on and they are really nice and handy ... especially for the price .
used indoors and outdoors . i am over 300lbs felt secure and steady . good product at great price . ligthtweight and easy to store .
this is my 4th or 5th such gizmo in the past ten years . it seems to be better engineered than previous models , and it works perfectly .
these work as advertised , are easy to adjust , and are comfortable . not much else you can ask of a pair of goggles .
works well but i should have bought the laser that rotates on its own . this works well though . just like the other a bit better .
used this to turn my evaporative cooler on and off . has lots of applications for the creative . a good remote at a great price .
we are remodeling the kitchen with custom maple cabinets and frosted glass doors , these soft closures work great on heavy doors
really looks and works great have not had any problems so far , will be able to use for a long time , good old bessey .
it works as intended both at removing moisture , and drying out for re-use when plugged in . very useful in this humid climate .
don't hesitate . this is one of the best calk guns i have ever used . you will get nothing close to this in a big box store .
i haven't used them as of today , however , i tried them for the fit and it was perfect . i would recommend to others .
same quality as the ones i bought at an over priced yuppy storage store , but a fraction of the price .
these bulbs are not compatible with my lutron dimmer switch . i was forced to use another brand . i still kept these but used them in another setting .
works great as a guyline for tents & tarps . the cord reflects light at night to keep itself visible and keep anyone from accidentally tripping .
this is a good nailer at a good price . can't go wrong with this one ...
these work perfect and we use them in the dining room and these make a great addition to our z-wave network .
good price , reasonably durable for small projects , the only issue we have is that about every 10-20 discs the mandrel wears out
i gave this away because i didn't pay attention to how large it was . this is really big . my son will get much use out of it .
this is the best ghost meter ... ! i love it , works great ... ! and wow what a great price ... !
i like this one better than the larger one . easier to apply and looked much neater . still need to wait for it to cure , but works .
very handy to have a ratchet driver plus all the bits handy . nice .
great uv flash light . exactly as product was described . very low visible light . shows everything . quite shocked when i shined it onto my office floor .
bought these to make an ikea lamp use regular bulb and they did the job perfectly . i was very happy with this purchase .
strong 7 amp quality tool that's easy to use and a durable long lasting tool . you won't be disappointed !
i was worried that it would not be bright enough but not to worry , it is plenty bright but not too bright .
it adds more versatility to my dremel system . i can do better work and access things that otherwise i could not
stylish little tool that has just enough tools in it to help you out of a bind.made well ! enjoy !
2 pack opener is the exact replacement i needed and would recommend this item for anyone who needs to replace the linear 3089 remote opener
bang for the buck these can't be beat . they fit everyone i've ever seen put them on . that's pretty amazing .
good price and work well . i use for machinery repair & installations.gives me that added access to that bolt just off clearance .
i had to send it back because the light did not work . hard to say much about a defective product .
as i do a fair amount of woodworking and sometimes need a dado cut in my work , i chose this item to accompany my new bosch saw .
great tool and a must have if you planted tanks . makes life easy to penetrate the substrate and lock the plants in place .
really there must be something better out there then this . i guess if you need it and it's what you want but it's not the best .
like new , reconditioned tool that is an excellent buy . why buy new when you can save big bucks ?
it is the exact replacement but we're only talking about a battery here . if it lasts for 3 years , i'll update the review with praise .
i installed it with no issues and it's been working great . no complaints . nice not to have to worry about it !
needed this as part if an electronics project . ripped it apart , switched out the leds , and put it back together without problem . durable little sucker .
good for household use , seems strong and alot better than the ones they sell at wal-mart for the same price
grits are oddly rated , should be corse , med and fine ... seems more like med , fine and a little finer ... will not order again
well made clamp but too expensive for what it does . a short bar clamp works just as well and has many other uses than the one function dewalt .
couple of back up batteries included , ( duracell ) easy to set up . hard to see green on light in daytime . not bad .
great set of power drills . compact and powerful . fits in hand and comfortable . awesome set . cannot think of anything bad about it .
great nail gun . very portable and able to use on any job . better than hauling air compressor and hose from job to job .
excellent tool set for replacing the digitizer on my smartphone . i used it on an htc rezound . the variety of tools was very helpful .
it came quickly and in perfect condition . i am pleased as it work good and was easy to use . buy without concern .
seems to work well . color temp is a little on the cooler side , more than 3000k and perhaps nearing 3600k .
quite pleased with these cookies . keep surfaces clean and they grip well . you'll find they suit multiple uses on your work bench .
did not work from the get go , material very cheap , not worth a penny in my book . avoid at all possible .
don't pass because of price . this is a nice set of punches have a size separated carry , heads are good , work as they should .
usa quality rubber hose that will last in tough shop conditions . quality brass fittings with no air leaks when fittings are attached .
good quality tool and use it all the time , well built and handy to change the blace . feels good in your hand ! !
i actually bought this item to replace an older smoke detector that no longer functioned . i really like the light for escape if needed .
i go through these fast ! i hope this one holds up better than my last one ? sorry no names folks . sw
a good set for the occasional user , which i am . serves the intended purpose . would purchase a selection of roll pins as well .
great for weeding because they allow you to dig deep around the weed stem and grip hard without jamming a ton of dirt under your fingernails .
maybe if u wanted to upholster a seat on a chair ok other wise not good for wood workers sad
this is certainly a handy item to control lights and outlets from anywhere internet access is available , and i find it very reliable .
greatest little tool kit ever . i don't know where else could i get this assortment of precision screw drivers . love it .
i was disappointed . i expected higher quality material . but , it does as advertised . belt holster . good enough .
its only a few bucks and its sturdy and also has the numbers stamped on it . better than any others at twice the cost .
cuts so nice and smooth its night and day between my dewalt blade and this . you wont regret the purchase .
great size for around the house , and takes up little space . durable and at a good price point for what you get .
easy to install , sticky enough to stay in place , and do the job well . definitely recommend these bumpers for your cabinets and drawers .
very easy to install , easy to read and follow directions.comes with everything you need to light up your room.great kit , great price .
don't get this one , get the stanley model above this . i have one , and also have the irwin . the stanley is better .
these light really are something else . so bright , well mademy family will get these for giftsi saved but waited a while . so be patient
these were a lot smaller than i thought , and were too small for my uses . i returned them to amazon .
nice to have on your keys just incase you encounter the quick need for a sharp object or something small that needs tightening .
looks ok and installs just like you would expect . fits a honeywell timer mounted over a standard box . what else would anyone use .
these are great . got them when i was building a small cabinet . use them to hold plywood to the horse .
no problems , no issues , worked as advertised . currently using them on a couple of kitchen cabinet sliding drawers i retrofitted into the cabinet .
this is a great little remote doorbell - and when people arrive , it doesn't alert our dogs to their presence like knocking on the front gate does .
it work well with the little giant ladder system ; and i have a werner and two . i takes time to fit but i like it .
exactly what i needed for my ak47 nset up ... i had an extra flashlight for my gun but no no remote switch . it did the trick
my fiance got this as a fathers day gift and he loves it . the case is durable and its a great quality product .
these things are super sharp and durable . i wanted one pair of cutters for everything , and these did the trick !
great light , motion censored , great for doorways and garage . i use this for my garage . definitely good to have for the house
nice size lite , compact easy to carry , good pocket clip . but battery is expensive and hard to find where i live .
i needed a bright light for my tool box , this is the one ! extremely bright and compact . dorcy is know as a quality vendor
bright light and rechargable batteries last quite a while . well made and is by far the best quality and brightest light i've had in this price range .
for the money it replaced the old dirty ones when we painted . it change the look of the room and walls
super bright and perfect for a home defense hand gun . fits perfect on my s & w m & p 9mm - you won't be disappointed .
i like this product , the only thing bad is the rings doesnot hold the bits , may be the screw are not strong enough to hold the bit tightly
bought it after tornado came through raleigh this spring ... wish i would have had before.great lantern.no problems so far
these blades last a long time and cut nearly everything ! we love the navigator saw and have used these blades to build an entire addition onto our home .
i did purchase this diablo d0641x6 -1/2 for cutting plywood . today i did tested on 1/2 inch plywood . i'm very pleased with quality cut .
this unit is all they claimed ... a very bright light to say the least . it really lights up the landscape ...
i bought two of these to match my grohe bath sets . it matches the style with solid build quality . i would recommend this .
it works as described at half the price of the same type of holders found on other sites selling for twice as much . good purchase .
not sure if it is me or just how one might improve the functionality of this type of aid would work better , however , a very great price .
i have a 4 x 36 inch sander and this is exactly what i needed to replace the disk portion with .
easy install to replace the same unit that lasted around ten years . simply unhooked existing unit and replaced with this one . works great .
interesting but not very usable , got it because of the novelty factor . will keep using my leatherman tools most of the time .
there isn't a lot to say about it since it just works . it was well worth it at the price .
handy little addition to my tool collection . like the lifetime warranty and good feel of wrench . well packaged and shipped rapidly .
see rating for led cree gu10 dimmable 9w warm white gu10 led light . these led bulbs are 50w equivalent ( or better ) .
works great and allows you to never have to worry if you left door open again . quick and easy setup !
a solid product that works well for the disassembly of many things that are assembled with roll pins . highly recommended .
i bought it for my garage door . the size is like my carmy's smart key.it looks good enough , even better than the other
i really like these really use fullhope that they give 4 not only 2 at this price but still really nice item.thank amazon.com
i bought several different led flashlights to compare brightness and while it is brighter than most store flashlights , i wasn't thrilled .
very nice tool , for fixing small things , this is just what i needed . lightly used so far so good for build and quality .
this soldering kit works greats and is exactly what most people need for small projects that require light to medium soldering .
lot of light for a little light--be prepared to wait about 1 month--if you can do so--i would recommend this light--needs a double aa battery--not included
very good regulator / filter for the price . installed it last weekend and is going great so far . easy to use and seems very well built .
exactly what i need to safely paint my home ! if you are into diy and live alone , you need to be very safety conscious .
these worked very well . the double wires straddle the ribbing of the hose for a better grip .
this fits in my leatherman surge perfectly and i use it all the time when i need that extra little bit . good accessory to have .
okay maybe it's just a block with evenly spaced holes in it but it keeps things true which is vital for proper fitment .
this itm is an absolute must for miter saws in conjunction with the dewalt stands made for this bracket . i purchased extra to mount other tools .
just got the cord but it appears to be far better made than the ridgid brand cord . i plan on buying another one .
this product from platinum tools works perfectly . it is easy to use and i would recommend it to anyone doing cat 5 cable preparation for networking , etc .
this set of files is great for fine work and for bigger items as well , it comes in a cheap plastic case
i love stainless steel - - and this product was a relatively easy install and looks great ! instructions install instructions were relatively clear .
after doing lots of searching for under floor heater t-stats i found that these were the beat price and works great ! would recommend to buy .
this is the best hammer ever made and every man or woman should have one in their toolbox.it is american made and the choice of all framers and carpenters .
this is better then i every thought it would be and its going to come in handy for the house
hi everyone . these bits seem to be good and strong . i haven't snapped one yet . decent price for what you get
i agree with the other reviewers : milwaukee makes quality tools and this is another example . good box , quality templates . i'm glad i bought them .
i only gave 4 stars because it only displays 1 probe at a time on the screen , otherwise it does what it should .
carry this tool everywhere and i cannot even begin to count the number of times it has been handy . great durable product that i am proud to own .
it is well made and should do the job . i have had it for a short time and it does work .
it's just a wire , plain and simple . does what it's meant to do . heavy gauge meant for heavy use . still , pretty flexible .
i purchase this guide its dead on and it works well i would recomend it . its a must have item if you have pc router .
tekton 2928 14 - piece power nut driver bit set . works great for what iuse them for . would recommend these .
big surprise - a basic tool that works . it hasn't fallen apart while i use it and it does what its supposed to do !
got this for when the wife was in bed after surgery so she could summon help from the other end of the house , works great .
got one each for kids stockings . they liked them . the beam focus feature was fun for them nine ten eleven .
comfortable to use , great balance , overall a great product . would definitely recommend . love that it's made in the usa , too .
this is an identical replacement to the chuck provided on my dremel when new . the jaws do need frequent cleaning to remain free for quick change of bits .
this pump is very inexpensive and does everything it was designed for extremely well . its a true bargain at a bargain price .
these wheels make a nice difference . door opens and closes with barely any noise.can you say smooooothhhhh ! ha ha
very nice set use it all the time on my bike well made and the price was right .
these are great for safety . they give you an enlarged area of view and don't fog up as easily as goggles .
a good set of bright undercabinet lighting , using for a roll-top desk . easily mounted , bright , non-conspicuous , does the job well .
i bought four d batteries for the price i would have paid for two at our local stores . it is a good product and works great !
item works fine , good price . i used up one roll so far for garden hose etc , didn't notice any difference with b stuff .
one smallone bigread description for nut sizes , works very well . would buy again , but i don't think have to made well .
the faucet neck popped off after a month of its installation ! before that , it would randomly spit hot water if the gauge was turned up too high .
my local big box carries all but 2 1/2 " kreg screws . i love the kreg system and use it regularly .
i have to buy it for pocket hole joinery using my k4ms . i wish there are alternative or third party screws .
sticks where ordinary duct tape doesn't very well . price for this big roll was about the same as the grocery store gets for a small roll .
not much to say about this unit . it is exactly what you need in a 16v doorbell transformer . it was easy to install .
very stylish ( compared to malibu ) and large enough inside to fit the 10watt equivalent led bulbs ( malibu is not ) . love them .
felt much safer after i stored a one month supply of these in my home . anything can happen so be prepared .
feels a little " loose " i am sure it will be ok bot not as solid as my other pocket tool ... we will see
works great . i have used it about 10 times and its still in great shape . i would recommend this to my friends
it has been my favorite radio while working , good sound and durable . son even takes it to his hockey games for pre-game locker room music .
handy tool to have in case you need it , and the price is very reasonable . i picked up a dropped scissors that i lost 2 months earlier
these sort of live with my colt , and they are surprisingly good for the price . i am quite happy with the purchase .
really helps keep the dust down . i use a 1.5 gallon wet / dry vac with it and it works . i would buy this againpat
this clamp appears to be a well made , smaller version of the famous professional quality clamps i used regularly throughout my working career .
i needed another meter after i messed mine up and this one is better ... 3 digit resolution and the back lit screen is nice .
nice flash light - - came in a reasonable amount of time---i would highly recommend this cree light for all uses--aand only one aa battery
cool idea , very cheap and works . i like it , other electronic ones don't always work , but these usually do . bye
solid metal - - with quality hardware brackets on them and a good thick cord . superb light at a great price .
the first one lasted a year , the second lasted one charge . i think we're switching back to 110v corded models now .
i have every size of maglite d cell flashlights and this holder is a must for the big ones . good product sent quickly .
we use this to charge our phones , ipods and other usb devices . it is great not having to plug in a wall charger .
i bought this to go with the skylink aa - 433w and it worked perfectly for me . followed the instructions and it tested and worked well for me .
this was a gift for my husband with the rockwell versa cut saw , he loved them both-never too many tools
it's easy to install and good deal to buy . we bought too many now ... i think we are set for life .
the product was exactly as advertised and company customer service was outstanding . i would highly recommend this company to anyone who asks .
it works well enough and like the legnth for more torque but hard to read sometimes , like the ratchets that click when setting reached better
there's not much to say about these items as they are extraordinarily different from any other , however , they work the way they're supposed to with great durability .
wore out the metal cutting blades and looking for a good deal . this is the best i found and works well on my fein multimaster .
it served my purpose . i agree with the other positive reviews and it didn't seem to do much to the electric bill .
these router bits are great . they did the job and where better than i expected . milled up some tongue and groove and these blades did the job .
what more can one ask for ? works as promised . makes 90 degree corners out of round ones !
i took it out of the package and simply followed the built in compass and it took me to the missing malaysian airliner !
like everything these days , looks good , but could use a little better metal for the screws and clamping bracket . stripped 1 screw just hand tightening .
i have used these for many years - several times per year for small jobs - normally indoors . quiet and efficient . expensive .
these drivers are not 1/4 " quick change hex.also , this exact kit is $ 3.99 at lowes & home depot .
great fit much better than home depots one i have and i have large hans and fit is perfect . good purchasr
i use these for cutting brass terminals from their brass strips and shrink tubing for wire harness fab , never any problems
i use this hose with an oil / water seperator and it works great . the hose is very pliable and well made .
see earlier comments , same product . comment is above or at some point in the review section of the web page for customer responses to product
nicely done , ready to sand / plane and paint . perfectly shaped and formed , solid , smooth . about what i expect from kreg tools .
i bought this to go with my bosch ps31 - 2al1a 12 - volt lithium-ion 3/8- inch drill / driver . it is the perfect companion to the drill .
se 3 pc . power extension socket bits for drills.works great for what i use them for . good price .
these things actually do dampen the sound pretty well . kind of spendy , but a great addition to my re-finished custom cabinets . i would buy them again .
for consistent results use this gun with oil based paints . it really is a bargain for what it is and does . i would buy this again .
bmw has a few tamper proof bit socket and was able to use this kit to get the job done .
as usual , nice quality couplings from milton . would definitely recommend this product to anybody needing a high quality " m " style coupler .
this is a must have . as a back-up battery , it prevents downtime for those entended periods of use . great price !
its a filter it and fits my 16 gallon shop vac perfectly ... what more is there to say ? :)
spend a tenth of the price and get a regular nail set . this one slips off the cleat way too easily .
good spray paint . exactly the color i wanted . worked exactly as i needed it to . a little fume-y but all spray paint is .
these are very nice , especially for the price . lightweight , comfortable , well-designed , overall a great pair of safety glasses .
these are good batteries at a great price . i would order them again . they are surely worth a try . good job .
power led beam ! bought for shotgun mount so i could see who i was aiming at in my kitchen . i don't want to shoot any friendly people !
great value and perfect for all purpose cutting . i use it mostly on dimensional ( one inch ) lumber and i have no issue with cut or finish .
nice little set , i wouldn't be without it . i have had many others in the past and this set is the best
tekton 3179 35mm double-face soft mallet - use it on a daily rate the hammer works great with my punch sets , great for the money and quality .
seals great even with facial hair . breathes well , comfortable even over long periods . great value for the money . buy it
bought for name and was out of product have not had a chanceto use it yet but all other elmer's products i have used worked well
these clamps come in handy for holding items to be soldered . the magnifying glass is a bonus for small jobs
these are what i needed to take apart my nintendo wii , but i guess i thought this was an assortment of sizes versus all 5 being the same ones
this set has become my favorite when i need a wood bit . i use it daily in the work room .
as usual from freud , excellent quality ! a razor sharp bit ! 1/2 " bit is a big step up from the 1/4 " bits !
i bought 3 of these , one for each color lesd , red , white , black . great idea , great product .
must have for those with carpeted floors . protects your carpet and make furniture moving easy .
great light . very useful , and small enough you can take it anywhere .
value for the money . i will order more for my other mag flash lights . prompt and fair priced for the set .
very well made little chuck . i like it when things don't have that import finish and fit . works well .
very clever design . great for emergencies when you loose electric power . very versitile as you are able to angle light in any direction .
haven't really used it except to see if it works as advertise . i'm ver 200 and it holds me fine .
great , inexpensive flashlight - not much else to say . i received the 3 mode version after about three weeks . i will buy more .
works well but wish i had bought more of the surge protector types . seems the only place i need them is with electronic equipment .
this saw is completely adequate for most applications but if you can afford an actual sawzall it's the better way to go .
you have to wrap the snap around the side of the flashlight to hold it in place . a very decent light .
you can buy these all over the net for 129.00 plus shipping ? they are great items but 355.00- come on people . even 179.00 without accessories is ridiculous .
this another product that works as advertised . i like it and will purchase another one or two as needed as project idea arise .
these all worked well out of the box unlike the ones i got at menards . very white light which i prefer but some people don't care for .
i purchased pump to run my aquaponics garden and the pump stopped working in a month . no help , no replacement .
works as advertised ! i wish dewalt would make adapters for other batteries to fit this charger that i would not have to have 5 different chargers . ​
i needed this set for one repair , and that's a good thing . they aren't very rugged and i doubt they'd hold up in daily use ...
well made and provides lots of light for its size . not the super bright light of much bigger flashlights , but bright enough and pocket small .
great all purpose extinguisher , fits perfect in the rugged ridge 13305.21 holder . looks great in the back of the jeep and hopefully that is will it stay .
great outlet adaptor . its nice to have the snap in place covers to help keep rain out of any unused receptacles when needed .
not the best precision quality , but it will do . the holes and slots are not in the center and the tool ends are not flush and parrallel .
ordered 3m carbon fiber vinyl wrap and i ordered this to help put it on and it works great ! makes it much easier to work with
great light , base could be a little heavier but it stays put okay . gosh , seven more words required , i'am thinking .
work awesome . really love it will order more in the future when i needed . i will order a lot more than one next time .
the batteries are of good quality and the price is acceptable . they don't last any longer than a regular duracell d though .
these are very cheap but gets the job done . i just needed some basic locks and these are exactly what i wanted . good quality for the price .
the cut-to-fit carbon pad for air purifiers seems to be a good product and comes ready to cut to fit your application .
states " three flats shanks " does say only a few are the majority are round , not you know why they were on sale ...
this is probably half as loud as the flojet it replaced . it's definitely quieter , but will still wake a light sleeper nearby .
good quality , all the sizes you will generaly need . carrying case keeps them well organized for easy storage and ease of carrying .
this unit is very easy to use and a must have to double check your wiring connections . used about 10 times without any issues .
great hold , no release as in lesser quality clamps . very happy with product and its functionality . would recommend to a friend and buy again .
some people might prefer the longer 30 foot model , but for me 25 feet is plenty . the standout of the blade is very useful .
this replaced one of those cheap low-flow shower heads and works beautifully . be sure to read the directions because there is a bit of a trick installing it .
this is a nice compliment to my skil saw . it is nice to have so many options in one kit !
well made , comfortable , only a little snug for an xl . would like to see a larger size available . tough to get off after prolonged use .
seems to work well . doesn't hold the blade as tight as i would like but works well enough for light use
this installs behind the table saw and supports the work as it exits the cutting area . easy to install and very useful .
best safety goggles i have ever owned .. comfortable .. sweat and no fog .. really forget you have them on they so clear and comfy
it is your standard wall plate ... but i am only giving three stars because it only came with two screws .
installed this to keep heavy wind blown rain from the east from leaking into my garage . when installed properly , it works well .
is too long at time doesn't fix in the screw hole properly , really very dissapointing but in timse of emergency is better than nothing .
worked great , repainted plastic center dash grill assembly on my ford f - 150 truck . very pleased , turned out very well , would recommend this product .
these are great where there is a door that does not seal and there is a constant draft of either cold or heat air coming thru under the door . .
super easy to install and now no more worry of being lock out of the house .
maintains heat extremely well even using fine tip . get a brass crumple tip cleaner though and ditch the wet sponge .
i bought this set to remove glue from seams and to smooth surfaces that i don't want to or can't sand . so far these tool have worked fine .
well worth it . this is an excellent air wrench for the money . recommend this tool to any home use mechanic .
actually cut through the zipper itself without crimping the blade . could for traumas and everyday icu use . very good for medical professional use .
i'm using it a lot at hard to access places with no light , battery lasts long and has really bright light.worth every penny .
these are very sturdy . no wiggle from the section that it joined on pliers . also they have great handles with enough length for good leverage .
easy to use , very bright , and affordable . if you're in the market for a rechargeable light , this is the one on the short list .
it's a handy dandy little tool box , and appears to be of decent quality , especially for the money . i'm very happy with it .
it's build solid remote works great . i have a couple around my house to control the lights and circuits . reliable
used them on 4 kitchen chairs with no problems at all . haven't come off and haven't scratched floor . wish i had done it earlier .
excellent flashlight and made to last a long time . and maglight stands behind their products 100 % if any thing goes wrong with one .
works great . i love it . makes for a nice clean job . don't know how i did without it .
what can i say about a push button , you push it and it works , so i guess it does as advertised ! i would recommend it .
insanely bright addition . super easy and simple install . just drop it in as it says . can't believe how bright it is now ...
i put 3 of these in the bathroom and it is a very bright white light . now i have to just see how they long they last .
the difference between this empire square and the cheaper stuff at harbor freight is it's actually square and it will not rust .
it is always good to have sharp bits and i really like the easy loading bits . i guess a case would add to the price .
like all the other positive reviews , it works . i do like the included extra blades . good product and works as advertised .
i got this for a local hospital that wanted to convert a manual faucet to a sensor faucet , very easy to install and the customer seems happy .
bought this to replace old door closer on screen door . the unit seems well made and so far is holding up well and doing its job .
it's a great tool , and better for most people than the larger top-of-the-line leatherman tools since it's smaller and more likely to be carried .
this is a super-cool device / invention that does exactly what is advertised ; the suction was so strong i had trouble getting release
would get five stars but you need to put weight in the bottom of buckets or hook them to something or they will fall over .
it does fit in my wallet without being too bulk and it has features that i like . i would recommend it .
great peice of equipment . good so far and very very useful . the fit is perfect and just when its needed .
use these at work with my mp3 great at noise reduction and beats the heck out of the yellow issued earmuffs
bright and with along reach . i have used a lot of similar lamps and keep coming back to this one . it is simple and effective
this extension cord has worked great for me . definitely gets the job done , and i can't ask for much more .
for some unknown reason this unit does not respond as it should be doing . you have to almost knock on it to make it turn on .
and light too ! barely bigger than the battery itself it is a boon to tight tool box real estate fits well in the hand .
very harsh light and very hard on my eyes at least . i would not recommend these for normal use in he house
the gage was very easy to install and provides a quick indicator of filter condition .
sylish and sturdy . does it's job very well . it holds plenty of soap and can be refilled from the top .
this light is very warm and very red . i use in bathroom with to bright white lights . adds nice look to room .
yep it works on city water leaving hair softer and less scum in the shower . didn't know we needed it , noe we do .
they're foam brushes , what more is there to say ? unlike several other reviewers i did get all 48 of mine . what a great price !
i haven't had any problems and i don't know why i would . they seem to feed just fine in my hitachi gun .
turns out to be another amazon mini item with no explanation of true size . it works great if you are a child .
if you have kids , or you're just rough on stuff , this is a great value to get for this inevitably going to be broken door component .
what else can you say , it's a klein . the quality is of the highest standard . you may more but it's well worth it .
many options to measure voltage , amperage , power , va and kilowatt hours accumulated . i discovered the real power consumption of many electrical appliances .
it is very professional toolset but small vacuum does not work this is the only downside of it other than that very good .
these have performed much better than the batteries that came with my tools . i would recommend them for anyone using more than one tool on a job .
this is a good portable battery tester that works for a wide variety of batteries . i use it all the time and highly recommend it .
if you are into steampunk , this accessory is perfect . it does work somehow , but makes a costume complete with it and to me it matters
along with my new stanley toolbox , i decided to add some new stanley tools . i am quite happy with these screwdrivers .
bought this to swap out the battery in my civic . the price beats the set ace hardware was selling at $ 45 for 1 wrench and 5 sockets .
your basic flashlight.except the hook feature hidden in the handle is nice.good on the battery life too .
a bessy must have if have the revo clamps these add a set up function that is most useful +
this is a very well put together flashlight . i wuld recommend this flashlight to friends and family . worth every penny !
bought this for my son-on-law for his new bostitch mailer / framing gun and it fits perfectly . he can keep it very nicely in this bag
like the pronged ribs , they really stick in the wood well - but sure your groove is sufficiently wide for it ..
nice little flashlight , aa battery goes in the light the adjustable works good , the mini cree led flashlight works for me james l bolen
this roller has both mass and strength - precisely what i want for veneer work . the price is excellent as well .
these pliers are well built , have a lot of leverage , and should last a lifetime . highly recommend to anyone appreciating the best .
i'm so happy that i bought this tools ! it's more then i expected i would defiantly recommend it , it's fantastic
great invention . works great . these button remotes are the best . so convenient to turn on and off multiple lights . highly recommend for every household !
i sure hope these bulbs last a long time .  . 36 watt vs 7 watt bulb i replaced . it looks good andi like the light it provides
great product : powerful , compact handy.better the i expected ! i have 5 other makita 18v tools so it's a handy companion
great knife , i use it for cutting lights holes in the sheetrock . nice grab , very sharp . does job fast and smooth .
unfortunate thing . we never bonded . was always a bother to me . i re-purposed it as a tabletop billfold hanger when i'm in restaurants .
this is the machine , if you need to do some sanding ! powerful and goodlooking on the top of it . wow !
i bought these for high school graduation gifts and they were really well received . it's not something that kids think about when packing for college .
item as expected and described ; allows different things to be sharpened ; good price and love how it works on my knives .
i can guarantee you that you cant find this product with better price.same product in homedepot will cost you 4 dollar each
bought for the many knives that i own . plan on buying several more . one for the hunting pack . one for the truck .
bought craftsman ones for alot more , and these are way better quality in my opinion well metal hold downs vs . plastic no brainer
these glasses fit over regular glasses which is really a big plus for use glass wearers . the price was right and the service was fast .
gathering long-term survival supplies . seems sturdy , casts a decent light beam . would buy again , but dont think i will have to .
no complaints . easy to use and install . blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah cheaper than home depot .
i used this timer to replace another type of similar timer , and this one works much better . very simple to program and use .
i got these for goruck but i'm finding them really useful to wear on almost any occasion that requires hand protection .
a simple head band that lets you attach your fenix light to your head or your wrist ? i call that a win .
i give it 5 stars in shape and design . the light is very bright and much more than expected . far superior than much bigger flashlights .
great additional remote for your skylink system . easy to program , you'll need a few spares good price shipped promptly and worked as you would expect
dremel ez402 lock mandrel for rotor tool holds good in chuck well machined easy to take what every your using on or off.bm
this works fine for our electrical department who needed a small non-conductive ladder . price was good and materail is good and the item appears to be well built .
not much to say - item is of good quality and works good at tying things together .
5 stars , item fits great . easy to install , no dislikes that i could think of . overall it was just what i needed .
this is great . very sturdy . well made and worth the price . we bought another one afterwards , great deal , its recommended ...
nothing like a new deck with no visible screws . this jig set will make your work look so much more professional . why didn't i buy this sooner ?
it was easy to install with the included hardware . it holds all of the floor tools we have . i'll check back if there are any reliability problems .
i was pleasantly surprised by the cutting speed of these saws , made quick work of some 4x4 ' s . priced well too .
good fit and finish and comfortable in the hand . so far seems to be holding up well for the projects that i've used it on .
i like this pliers they are very handy when stripping wires it makes things easy . i've used them a few times and they have worked great
much cooler / whiter color than halogen puck it replaced . also did not seem as bright . but it doesn't overheat . worked with my existing transformer .
very handy tool to have in the tool box , there are alot of things it can be used for , like window repair
these klein bags are just right for my tools . i recommend these to anyone to organize there loose tools in a bag .
works good , durable , cheap , takes off material well . not for final sanding but i like having different grit packs vs . a variety pack .
freud has always been a favorite router bit brand for me , never had any problems with their products always as advertised .
this will clog just as fast as any other paper i've used on shellac .
these are remarkably super nice drill bits for fast , efficicient changes with my impact driver . get one and be happy .
good quality , has what i needed , good pricesand twelve more words for amazons needs for this review this is tedious sometimes
i call this bad boy " my little giant " . truly functional and handy to work with on small jobs . well design guys . you'll love it .
surprisingly we used glue for other uses than wood , like wife uses for throw rugs attaching to floor , so rug won't slide .
this is an excellent storage unit for my jewelry items . i would recommend this to anyone in the jewelry making business .
this works very well . we installed these on our hoses and couldn't be happier . it's so much more convenient to move the hoses as needed .
great lube , plenty of good reviews online for it . using it for general purpose greasing and work on my bicycle .
i ordered this special tub drain wrench as i needed to replace both of my tub drains and i wanted to use the correct special tool .
it produces no heat that is helpfull when it it gets hot inside in the summertime . the airconditioner doesn't have to work longer to keep the temperature down .
arrived on time in good condition.and a good price . the torch was very easy to use will recommend to others
i like the ease of putting a battery to charge and that it charges my flash light battery's in 40 min .
great gadget for sharpening your pocket knife out in the field . can't go wrong with this simple design . it works great !
needed this for general and automotive uses . so far no issues , works well and it wont damage sensitive bolts and parts .
be careful when pressing the tip against the wood . it will marr softer woods.the nailer seats the pins properly and is jam free .
excellent quality . nice color to go with stainless covers and anywhere you have stainless appliances ( kitchen ) .
nice addition which provided the extension i needed for repairs on my outside carport . everyone should have one or more extensions which are good for inside or outside use
excellent product , easy to install , fits well and works well , has a nice look . pretty recommended for those in a pinch of hand showers
i have a couple of these and use them around the house often . love stanley tools for the quality and price . great wrench
i have the dmt set , but you need the coarse to get some knives on track . the diamond whetstone is great , when used dry .
wonderful product ! ! works fantastic for low cost ! used it wit hteh lutron ms-ops 2 - wh sensor switch . worth every penny . buy it !
this is exactly how it was described in the ad . seems to be of decent quality and looks like it will last . very handy .
a good set of metric impact sockets made in taiwan . i'd have given it 5 stars had it been made in the usa .
needed to remove part of a tile floor . using a chisel bit and the hammer setting , this tool was perfect for the task .
a great speckling paste that dry quickly with very little shrinkage . you will be pleased with it's ease of use and performance
these aren't the worst pads i've ever used , but they do wear pretty quickly which is to be expected for the price . nice on small jobs .
i bought this saw based on b & ds other tools i bought .. great price and it seems like a tool i will enjoy to use ..
i got this bit for a simple project and now i use it more than i ever guessed . it does a great job .
seems to be a good purchase so far . not sure how long it will last for , which is a good measure for a battery .
4 for less than $ 10 is unreal . these lights work well and are a great buy . recommend as fun and functional .
this is a top quality hose . just like a business would have . replaces my skinny hose that was to short .
i really like these , i actually use them for driving . they are tough and wont break like other ones at the slightest drop.really great price too .
my old shop vac filter was totally clogged . this filter is an exact fit and doing a great job filtering ,
apparently jet 14 " band saws have a smaller than normal wheel size but these tires fit snug and are the right width too ! highly reccomended
this new design is even better that the original pair i have . the quality is very good and the ease of use is excellent .
it is heavy , looks durable and strong but this thing is made in china . the packaging says it is weather resistant from rain , lightning and snow .
longer length gives you more versatility than regular short bits and the bits are hardened to give long lasting life without rounding off .
this is the second time i have bought this item . just needed a different color for our new house . installs very easily and matches our knob perfectly .
great tool . i have never used one before and it is very easy to use and works perfect .
all the reviews i read said this was the best in its class . i agree - works great - i cannot find any flaw with it .
is what it says it is , works just fine . i use it for a space heater , although i think the heater might not recommend that use .
very easy to change . no tools required . works good after a quick couple of practice tries . a little overpriced .
also a very great buy . use this with custom leathercraft 1614 23 - pocket / 5 - piece comfortlift combo system . everything you need at your fingertips .
had xmas blowups with bad lights , these fit perfectly and were inexpensive . so far all are still working and will purchase again
these low wattage led bulbs are hard to find in our local hardware stores . very economical night lights . i recommend this item .
great bandsaw for a great price . i've never had a problem with a jet product yet and i've bought a lot of jet tools .
this will light up a wall nicely . it changes colors with the remote .. don't lose the remote ! you need it to turn on an change colors .
everyone should own one or two of them.use the li-ion batteries and it can set for years and be ready when you need it .
i bought this item for my nephew who is 4 years old and he just loved it . it is adjustable and works well ,
this stapler is easy to use and hammers the staple effectively into whatever you like . i used it to staple a canvass to a frame . i'm happy .
great impact driver tool , easy to change bits and drivers while on any project . purchased 2 others for co-workers to help them as well
better flashlight then i expedite.the flashlight are well made i just can't say enough about the flashlight . i would recommend the light to anyone .
fast shipment and excellent packaging . this is the 2nd purchase of the same unit so it is obvious that i am impressed with the unit .
these extractors were too small for my application but i gave them to my mechanic nephew and he liked them .
a simple device but elegant turns a cluttered ugly area into something pretty instead .. this company just makes great thought out gismos ..
so glad i looked at amazon before buying these at hd - you get 2x the bulbs for the same cost ! packaging was awesome so no breaking worries .
perfect fit , have had this item before and these were perfect . fast shipping , exactly as described in the listing . thanks for the great charging cord !
2 prong extension cord for my lamp . nice injection , high quality as expected.ul listed which is important to me .
this is ok for what it is . i have only used it once and it is just a tool to have around " just in case " .
great tools and hopefully the last i will buy unless they disappear as some of my others have . good buy
this product feels hefty . the package is heavy duty , the gun is heavy duty . love the duel heat ranges . look forward to years of service
gerber is good , quite comfortable . advice to buy the item , really good , but black color on knife will damage soon
easy to install and set setting . price is a bit pricy . the push button could be smaller . thank you very much
easy to use and it's extended the life of several knives i own . it pays for itself with each sharpening .
these power supplies worked well . they are small in form and ran the lights without any problems . i purchased 4 and none had any issues .
this item is for some odd size flashlight . i have 15 and it was not even close to any of them . i was robbed .
a must have item for sure . i couldn't see the saw without the use of the extensions . makes for one person operation most of the time .
they are okay for some very light work but i used them to bend a relatively thin piece of aluminum and they bent ! boo
these rock very well made i am quite impressed with the quality of these for the money they cost will buy again from this company
the test operation works well . hope i never have to figure that the unit works ! but i will be more than glad if it does .
this drill dr . works great if you use it right . i sharpened a bunch of bits the other day and they came out great .
i've used pony clamps for years because they do the job . they're not fancy , but they're sturdy and last forever if treated right .
not much to say about this product except that it does what it is supposed to do , it lights up my led lightstrip .
these safety glasses are very well made and comfortable and should last years if properly cleaned and stored after each use
works as described although a few times i have to push it in twice to get it to come on . doesn't register the first time i push it .
bought this cutter for use on just one project and it performed well . it is well made and i would buy it again .
it is a good price , a good item and also in a great price , it is very useful for me
very good product , easy to use and very robust plug . recommend to buy for repair job or for a project .
not bad for the leatherman's i own . i'm a contractor and this has come in handy on multiple projects . great accessory for the spend .
previous reviews seem to be spot on . a lot of bright light with a not strong enough flex arm.it works for what it s .
just what i was looking for . good quality material and workmanship . light is plenty bright for my purposes.this was a good buy after looking around some .
lightweight . replaceable blade . excellent ergonomics . easy to hold and does not want to cut you . i give this knife to friends as a gift .
same as other vise-grips , but with the extended jaws that are used for welding clamps . nice quality tool for this type work .
this tool saved me a lot of time adding a roof on my house with all the angles i had to come up with .
the problem with this product it , it sticks out to far into the room , we always bump into it . may consider cutting the outer bar off
i have tried several others and have found these to have the purest light . sleek design and well finished . well worth it !
this saw is amazing quiet , powerful , well balanced and easy to use . i love it ! i really appreciate the blade brake too .
all fit perfectly in the adapter . included were two nut assemblies . the guides felt and looked like quality machined parts .
very nice device for the times where you forget to close you garage door . easy to install and handles multiple doors .
for me , it doesn't work any better than regular vise grips . in fact i prefer using a large pair of vise grips instead of these .
would never purchase these again . these bulbs do save energy , because they burn out so quickly . they are not bright !
you get what you pay for , and this little handy light is top notch . unnoticeable on the keychain ... until you need it .
what can one say about a bulb . it works , it costs a fraction of the hardware store cost . buy them .
the leather hone adds the final touch to complete the sharpening process . it is intended for use with the work sharp 3000
just do it , it is a great little light in bed at night , my kids love it as well ! ! !
worked out of the box has been lighting for about six months--even in the snow and winter we had this year .
i wish it was available as a single piece unit but otherwise really nice . would order more of these again .
this worked as good as the way over priced factory blade . worth a purchase .
fit is as expected for a men's large . very soft and comfortable yet good protection for the hands , has held up well to shoveling .
this spot is just as well built , and just as attractive as those available at large box hardware stores , and at a third of the price .
since this is my first multitool i have little criticism to offer . i have used it a couple time and have not been dissappointed
works fine for light gunsmithing . a lot less expensive than others of the same kind and of pretty good quality . i recommend it .
a basic tool for general carpentry . they have always worked well and so i get a new one when the old one disappears .
bought these to use with my milwaukee 6021-21 random orbit palm sander . these sanding pads work great and last a long time .
works great for light-weight pinning . i use multiple angles to make sure the pieces stay in place . light and extremely useful and quiet .
super bright ! very high quality and very bright metal light . i like the three different modes and that it seems to be made to last .
now i want the bigger one . holds just enough for all the small projects i do and is easy to get just the right amount each time
very nice light . the switch sequences have a bit of a learning curve but once you figure it out , there's nothing to it .
i use these outside to keep some security camera cables incheck and they work great . so far so good and reasonably priced .
read the ad , these are tiny little guys , maybe they have clamping pressure , but only for tiny projects , very small .
i have always loved stanley tools . they are cheaper than most of the so called name brand ( craftsman ) and the same quality ,
it's the same outstanding premium duct tape that i've been buying for years . this tape is incredibly stronger than the standard silver colored cheap tape .
i was not sold on stands because of hiegt and convince but this stsnd has come a long way to making it a favorite
this is not a little trinket . this is an actual working knife . " the tiny tough guy " i found this video to be helpful [ ... ]
forget this seller . get a package of 3 for 19.76 at sam's club . they seem to be nice lights and relatively well engineered .
put up new curtains and these hold backs give them anice touch when pulled back . easy install nice looking , fair price .
bought these screwdrivers for home use , the phillips heads are shaped a little funny but they seem to work well .
great concept - however after about two uses the plastic cap on one of the legs broke and the batteries drop out .
took a little long to get here , but in comparison with the usual american flashlights claiming to use cree led's , this was awesome .
hoist was easy to put together , put it right to work and performs great ! ! take down is a snap too
shipped quickly.this tool has been put mill and back . it is still going strong just like the day it came out the box . a great value !
came in handy in the fall and winter when i was covering the outside games . keeps my feet dry and warm
it was a gift not sure if he liked it but it looked fine to me arrived on time i am sure he will like it
nice jab saw . used it to prune away a brush from lattice work . versatile , keep in your tool bag . not just for drywall .
very disappointed . i can't tell you if this works or not because the keys were not included in the box .
these were better than i anticipated.almost too long but that's ok.why take a chance on old hose bursting ? i followed the manufactures recommendation to replace my old hoses
probably the best circular saw i have ever purchased . would like to have had a rip guide included but can live with out it . no other complaints .
ge bulbs are the finest - they are long-lasting and of the highest quality . i recommend highly as they are the best !
i cannot use this ! i need to have a hole in the star ( torz ) set ! what a rip off .
this bad boy is soo cool . i love how you switch on and the magnets just lock in place . very cool .
it is loud , you wouldn't sleep through it . can use for doors or windows . what's not to like and the price is excellent .
i had some doubts , but i have used this twice , and i find that it works well ; virtually zero dust . this thing is a keeper .
these are well made . they pinch and hold fuel and small coolant lines very well . i bought two pairs of these to use at work .
it works . could work better . but it works . that about sums it up . make the magnet strong for gawds sake ..
the dorm sinks had 0.5 gpm aerators on them and they were horrible . bought this , and i feel like my sink actually works .
the switch does exactly what it's supposed to do . i like the look , and it seems to be good quality .
very small like tooth brushes will fit in tight places i was a little disappointed maybe you will not ok ?
fit my shop vac nicely and much better way to go than the sheet filters held in place by a plastic band . washes easily in the washer .
i've used this torque wrench about 40 times since i've bought it . i've used it to do tire rotations and brake jobs on my cars .
i think it is a good tool it comes in handy there are much better tools than this but this will do the job temporarily .
i like the controlled start of this plunge and fixed-base variable-speed router kit and its power , plus the carrying case to keep everything together .
this thing works great . we have saved some money since the a / c and heat are not running all the time with the programmable stat .
i have gas heating , water heater , and stove ... so far it's been silent , that should be a good thing ... hopefully i won't find out !
these are good quality universals , very heavy duty and also very nice and tight just the way i like it .
shipment was very fast . the replacement filter pack appears to be an exact replacement filter pack but i have yet need to replace the original filter pack .
this screwdriver is crap . the bit bent the first time i used it . there isn't much else to say about it .
better than expected , plus i did not know there would be a set of torxs precision drivers included in the stand .
this is a great utility knife . bought it when i saw several pros using it . rubber grip eases control & handling .
worked well and dried fairly fast . i painted over the filler and had no trouble hiding it under a coat of paint .
i am hard on drill bits so always breaking certain sizes . have tried more expensive sets without noticeable change so back to dewalt .
this is a good item for the do it yourselfer , it is functional but i would not recommend it for daily or professional use .
great add on for a garage door opener . you can really park consistently to maximize garage space . i recommend buying one .
the magnet is weak , but that should be expected from chinese tools . i may buy a good base in the future , but am satisfied for now .
great product at a great price . the feature of opening at twice the normal speed is great . installation was easy with the directions provided .
excellent quality , well weighted . i use these for motorcycle maintenance , and they make the job an order of magnitude easier than using standard allen wrenches .
would buy again . works good keep it oiled and have plenty of air . you would be amazed of how much air this requires to work properly .
i always see this on construction people at work and wanted one for myself and its a ood product for organizing tools.bryandeptford , nj
best $ 4 i ever spent . some reviewers say it's cheaply made , but it's a good flashlight and looks like it will last a while .
i bought this for a spare & have not used it yet . will keep for future replacement when it is needed
great purchase these sponge brushes hold up very well . i would purchase these items again they are great for do it yourself guys like myself .
the price was right and the install was nice and smooth . this fixed my leak right up . i would recomend this if you have a leaking faucet .
these work nicely to remove stickers from sensitive surfaces . they are in no way sharp like a razor blade and become worn quickly .
hard to comment on fire extinguishers ... you will never know til you use it ... but i am glad that i bought it .
the subject line says it all . good instructions and it went together very easily . and it looks ok too , semi wood-like .
they work great and a good price . they will rust if left in a damp place though i recommend these
exactly what i expected . good tool , solid and robust construction . works as it is advertised . convenient storage case . indispensable in the toolbox
i got these for my husband for christmas . he loved them . they are well constructed , very durable and you can't beat that price .
bad part - 9 aa batteries ( if you want the long run time ) . good part - very bright concentrated beam .
simple timers are uselss for security lighting indoors since power is so undependable in most areas these days . back up is necessary and this unit does it .
oem parts for my toilet . as always , kohler quality and fitment . combine with flush valve and tank bolts and washer .
there is no value in buying cheap tools.starrett makes great products ... has for years . i expect to pass these along to the next generation !
omg is this slow to light up . when it does it is very bright , but takes to long for what we need it to do .
this is a awesome light , i use it with fenix flashlight headband ( fits lights with 18-22 mm diameter ) , i couldn't be happier with it .
they tear pretty easily . would not recommend unless you don't plan to tie and untie . it will break pretty easily .
great stuff . i use it on my bandsaw as a lubricant and coolant when cutting metal . it saves the cutting blade
yellow jacket are my favorite , and this splitter works great . love the lighted power block .
they fit well they last like the originals and the price was reasonable i will buy these again when needed
i am stockpiling incandescent bulbs before all become extinct . i love the light incandescent bulbs produce , and refuse to deal with mercury laden " green " bulbs .
bulbs are the same as i use and pay 3x the price at a local store . a little loose on the fit but they work good so far .
just wished i'd gotten larger ones . but definitely helps when moving furniture around . super easy to apply with a mallet .
fantastic price and a good quality product.what can i say it is a stanley tool which always says quality .
this has worked great on many pool products i have to keep them moving easily , to using it on my motorcycle also .
this is a must if you plan to work on a vw . used it on my 2006 jetta to do a brake job . excellent tool .
good quality . smooth operating . garage door is much more quiet with these rollers . a very good bargain for the price .
a little on the heavy side and the reverse switch location is kind of awkward , but it has 2 speeds and its powerful enough .
extension cord , flexible , and these are made in the us ! i use these cords with a portable generator , work great
very useful , quick battery change , handle with care doesn't feel as if it can take much abuse.lifetime warranty and the led sold me ...
just what you'd expect from stanley tools . solid pieces that grip well and allows me to do tune ups in y garage now .
quality paint with good coverage . bought to use on fiberglass but will use on metal surfaces that are primed first
i used this tool to cut trim where i didn't have power it made good clean cuts and has lots of settings for various materials and angles .
i got it on sale and it has not given me any problems.precise and study control , does what i want .
im a garage door contractor and this is exactly as u need . easy install and just as seen in pic !
i had massive bar clamps and needed some a little smaller for various projects . these are great , easy to use , and grip well . recommended .
definitely heavy duty and packaged well . i plan on using them to build a bunch of bird houses and putting baseboard molding around the house .
the dewalt drill holster is perfect for my drill ! in my shop where the table space is limited , the drill holster makes it handy to use !
can't really compare this against other similar products , since this is the only one i've used . it works great though . very well made .
not a bad knife for the price , i would not pay more than $ 8.00 if i needed another one.cheaper one around that are just as good .
i love solar things around the garden and these cardinal solar lights are really nice . they produce a nice light and look great in my garden .
these are great the best part about them is the small swiveling part at the top of each tool really allows you to work faster with smaller screws .
great outdoor z wave module . i have 7 of these around my house and they are perfect . pairing with vera 3 is easy .
i have been replacing the attached nail with a 4d for better fastening strength . you may want to do this too !
this fixture looks really nice . it's easy to install , but it's larger than i expected . i would have gone with a three or four bulb version .
i did not realize it was white light vs yellow light . it is for a closet and would definitely preferred yellow toned light .
these batteries hold a great charge and work great in our shop vac . they are also good to use in other dewalt cordlesss tools .
i collect coins and sometimes you need light and magnification . this little loop does the job . also useful for uv exam of dollar bills for counterfeit .
there is nothing higher than 350 mv charging for reconditioningthis 350mv is actually better for the batteryall things considered , i cant find a better one for a better price
ordered a bunch of these for all the hoses and nozzles around the house . sure makes connections fast and easy .
suction sink stopper use this in my home shower to hold water while my feet soften and clean . works well compared to the other types .
well constructed & sturdy . seem to be better than some others offered on here . i bought my my car emergency kit .
what can i say , it's a high quality , quiet , efficient and easy to install direct fitting replacement at a good price .
you can always depend on stanley . this works very well and it really handy . i have other bits that fit in it also .
it was not a good fit for me , but i'm glad it is available and i don't regret to get them .
very nice . the sander is smooth , quiet and powerful . dust collection with the included filter / canister is outstanding the sander is expensive but worth it .
not a 1000lmn product as advertized , probably close to 700lmn . but for its pocket size its great , extremely bright and manageable
this assorted package of pegboard hooks works good but you never have the exact ones you want in a assorted package of hooks
these are great biscuits at a reasonable price . they are quality cut and work well joining boards on all woodworking projects .
best wrenches you can probably buy out there . very precise and well-made . never failed me in any applications , both these and the metrics .
it works great and has the power to do the job right . bosch makes good stuff .
the are the best center bits i have ever used . generally use them for hinges and door handle sets . i will buy again !
good low price pliers . great for around the house stuff certainly not for a mechanic or any serious garage work .
used this on a constant hot outlet in closet . plugged small clip light onto a shelf into motion activate device . reliableand works like it should .
these brackets make quick work of using different equipment on the tool stand or for transporting . they can work with many items that can bolt down .
perfectly suited to holding thin metal to 0 mm . it locks tight . i wasted money on other pin vises . this is the best .
excellent product--easy to assembly , beautiful and elegant when it is assembled , perfect for a standing towel rack . so wonderful that i bought two . great product !
i really like good strong water pressure , and this showerhead delivers that . it also lets you save water by switching the lever on the side .
fits , comes in a little plastic pouch , get some spares because occasionally you might lose one . etc etc space fill
this doesn't even fit my sink right . i had to cut off one side , but it still catches the hair . will buy again .
this is set up exactly as described and works perfectly well worth it . 16 piece hole saw works as described , set it up and forget it .
thought of making these but the parts would have been higher than the product here . quality parts , good feel , easy to grip to remove from plug .
worth its weigtht in gold ... these vises are bulletproof and make great gifts for anyone with a shop that knows whats what
i needed this to give the 5 gallon can more reach , and it worked perfectly . did no leak , and has a stopper attached .
assembly takes awhile , but once you get it up and installed it is a great storage system .
i tested this dimmer with incandescent , cfl and led bulbs . it works fine . there is minimal buzz on really low settings .
we really like the light . we use it over our computer . we first had it over our bed and it worked great in either place .
hard to find these 9 volt batteries in the stores . the lithium batteries last much longer . best use - smoke alarms .
this is a must for the garage mechanic . it has the ability to reach into small spaces unlike the 3/8 inch rachet .
works great in my dust collecting system ! i needed these to set up a new tool and they did the job nicely .
these were very easy to install in my extra large garage and after a year are still working very well .
use this glue to glue a board to the kitchen cabinet . works flawlessly . highly recommend . strong , right consistency , and easy to work with packaging .
ok bonnet set . i have used and they were ok . not sure what blue ones are for , they arte very thin .
had this for a while now . it does what is suppose to . glad milwaukee saw that we needed normal vacuum attachment need !
it's just a lot quicker and easier to use these , speeds up clean-up , and they are more ecomical in quantity .
this is a high quality tool . i used it right out of the wrapper and it did a great job and held it's edge well .
these tekton 1600 3/8- inch drive extension bar set , 3 - piece are great for the price i have not had any issues with them at all .
these are high quality bungee cords that come in many assorted sizes .. the real small ones are useless for my needs but the larger ones fit my needs.perfectly ..
great little cord , in fact for the price i would say that it is perfect ! now i just need to purchase 2 more of these !
compact design provides light exactly where you need it ; fits in well with any decor , and is priced just right !
having an electronic tape measure ensures measurement accuracy , and enable numerous area calculations . not to mention that provides an excellent presentation on their customers .
easily made it past tsa . what else can i say before i'm arrested ?
nice for wrapping up charging cords . much better than the twisty ties i was using previously . just wish they were priced a bit less .
works great . no falsing seen so far . light is bright and turns off automatically after 30 seconds . intuitive setup and installation .
i was hoping the lift on this siphon would be better . does not work unless the terminus is well below the siphon .
nice brushed nickel finish . the pump works well and dispenses a good amount of soap . easy to install and to fill . what else do you need ?
this solves all my fert problems and at a great price , i highly recommendthis fert spreader .
this isn't ' what i really wanted so i can't blame the fixture but my bad judgement . it just hangs a little to low for what i need .
a lot smaller and lighter construction than i expected . i foresee limited use for this wrench . a bit disappointed i expected a better constructed wrench .
compact and easy to use , this is a nice item for those who need to clean the soldering iron tip .
i use this type of cutting blade all the time , i was tired of paying the big box store prices . a good value and does the job .
these are poorly made . the straps won't stay at the length i set them . but for the price i couldn't argue .
did not test it for real life working conditions and i hope i will never hear it's alarm , but it gives an additional feel of security
they give off a blue glow and are very nice lights . they work well , going off during teh day and on when it gets dark .
this kit has a nice mix of commonly used hex head bolts and nuts . the quality is good . it also includes the lock washers .
have had this installed for several months now . no problems . looks great , works as expected . goes great with the faucet .
these came in quickly and are a nice addition to my tool-chest . they are both standard and metric and easy to keep organized .
this three tray combo works well holding stuff but they are not designed for alot of weight which i knew ahead of time and wanted it for organizing .
granted its more expensive than models without igniters this is well worth it especially if you use it a lot .
i was amazed how bright the light was . batteries were included but recommend replacing with brand name alkalines . that says it all .
greatest instrument since apple pie . certainly does exactly what you need to know about your circuit . i purchased this item at amazon .
this bag fit all the things i need to put into it . milwaukee tools are my favorite and this bag is too .
these gloves are okay i was not wild about the fit and the protection on all of the knuckles is not so great .
wicks solder fine . make sure your soldering iron get hot enought to heat the wick .
i cannot compare this to other competitive models , but i have to say i love it.it clamps firmly and holds well while pushing against it with the saw .
accurate and simple to use . bob is now in retirement , plumb that is . auto levels , takes some time to calibrate but well worth the money .
nice precision made wire cutters . every shop should have a good pair of cutters and this one fits the bill .
great product . has a nice bright light when set off . very loud alarm . will no doubt wake you up no matter what .
this is a great mask . i don't have to mess with my glasses getting fogged up from my breathing . yay !
i've been using compact flourescent bulbs for many years . the ge products have been bore long live and reliable than those from other manufacturers .
used it to undo some coolant drain bolts on my engine block . held up fine using a 17 " breaker bar .
these lights use the new led technology to provide a clear bright light . paired with rechargable batteries , they are great on the farm or in emergencies .
the product is good as for the box and drawer , but only the handle that could get more thicknessto make it duarable .
this little tool works great on cutting tubing that has to br cut right on the money . everyone needs some in there tool box
and seems to be spot on accurate . it serves its purpose and is easy to use . would recommend if anyone needs a leak detector .
incredibly compact yet bright , and the led cells seemingly are going to last forever and have no filaments to break or burn out .
i would have given it a 5 star but the pic looks like it has an extension on it but doesn't it sticks out about a inch or so
works just like it should . a nice addition if you have the little giant ladder . i would buy this again .
it's a little bigger then i was expecting , but seems well made and so far flush cuts better then most i have or tried .
this blade lasted over a month already and shows no sign of wear.for the price you can't beat it . i will purchases more of these blades .
perfect hex wrench set at a very low price . last set you'll ever have to buy . i would like to find more bondhus items .
this product is exactly as advertised and is a great price . if you are looking to fit all your dremel accessories , purchase this .
fit my porter cable 390k sander perfectly and stay attached . careful , these with remove material quickly ! i bought 3 grits .
i haven't used this can specifically but it sprays well and goof off is the best stuff around to remove adhesives so have to give it a positive review .
i have been very happy with these blades as they run true and have a narrow kerf . i would recommend these to any woodworker or carpenter .
i use these for small electrical wiring . they're good quality , and they appear to be quite durable . i like them quite a bit .
head strap does not have turn adjustment to tighten and arm to hold face shield was missing sent it back
we already have an older verison of the mag lite . needed a spare for another vehicle . husbands happy with the features of this flashlight .
they sand things , i have no problems with this product - - they do what they are supposed to do . simple as that .
this wrench set looks good for the price.the holder is in good shape , and the wrenches look very capable.nice set wilmar .
i've used and re-ordered dewalt nail products many times because of my good experiences . they get the job done best for me .
this product is not as good as other leviton product but still better than many other products manufactured in china .
the knife and tool sharpener work great and i was really impressed with it and would recommend it to anyone .
this is an ideal little tool for your pocket . i love it . it is very well made and has some very nice features .
dremel makes good stuff and this battery is quick charging and long lasting . it was significantly cheaper than direct from dremel .
this is good for a cheap light throw a way tape measure and more accurate than others .
these are comfortable and solid as a rock . fit great , and dont fog up easily.not much else to say !
yes i did . throughout hundreds of firings so far , these nails never caused a jam . definitely a recommended product .
excellent vaue . i put it on my sks and it has a very defined hotspot but still gives out more light than your cars headlight .
i wish i had returned these plastic set because it is not solid and hard to use on some of the plastic fasteners .
nice little compressor fro the $ $ kind of quiet compared to my old one puts out 150 lbs so you can't go wrong
this works so well , every small bore flashlight should come with one . it adjusts easily and stays where you put it . great design .
durable . holds everything i need for what i do . i use it every day and is worth every penny . highly recommend this to security techs .
love this piece . a little bit chunky but it does the job . i used it many times and it really works .
i got this for my mom . she liked it.every thing seems to work.hope it last.cause it sure is cute.love the color .
very happy with this reconditioned nailer . it works great and a fraction of the new price . yippi skippi dippi do
a well made tool and the design is well thought out . very useful in many applications .
this is my best wire stripper which seems sharper & has the brightest labeling on it & comfort grips . american made quality product !
i wore out several stones before i found a dremel 9933 structured tooth tungsten carbide cutter . i should get many blade sharpened before i wear out his combination .
i bought four of these . programming was straightforward and they are all working well although i think the range may not be quite as far as oem openers .
this item is exactly as described . it is a basic multi-pack of batteries , filling a basic need at a fair price .
installed it in my laundry room , does what it's supposed to . light comes on and goes off all by itself .
always searching for the right screws for use using pocket holes then this is the screw kit for you with 5 different sizes to choose from
this is a very nice light , bought several for gifts and everyone really likes them . they are well made , good .
works good i suppose but for average quality it is too expesive . probably cost 20 cents to make in china they should sell it for less
home depot has the same stuff for $ 9.97 go there and save some loot.it is all about the buckage after all .
i use this to turn my tree on and off and well it does that and it is green wich is a plus .
i have not used this item yet . i purchased it as a spare replacement fuse for my fluke 87v meter .
i made a mistake on this product , but at the price one i can live with . will try to find a better product .
a nice little pack of drills for a back up in my motorhome mini tool kit . i really like the plastic holder too .
good heavy duty metal gauge . works well and is very durable . have used this quite a bit with no issues .
a must if you are ripping larger boards . they bolt up solid . they extend and retract quickly for use and stowage .
packaged in toto oem bag . install was easy and straight forward . resolved our problem with a 9 year old handle that had partially malfunctioned
excellent tool to keep around the house . generally used to help remove stitches . you can come up with all kinds of uses for these things .
battery charger worked just fine . seemed like good quality to me . i would buy this item again . very good price .
well , i got it free with a delta promotion ... but i'd actually pay for it now that i have it . it works well .
i needed a simple lock for my locker because my older spin dial one stopped working correctly . this works great every time !
nice heavy constriction . fits right into by drill press . don't have any complaints so far . will recommend this product to all .
excelent product i recomend it , great tool at a great price for work hard , easy to install and set socket easily
the zoeller model 98 is a great product . works flawlessly . i would highly recommend this product , and have used them for years .
i love the soft light this type of lamps give to the any room , , , this model is worth every penny , , , thumbs up ...
i liked these , but were too warm , i wanted more full spectrum light . if you want a warmer light or don't care these are great .
i got this to go with my black bdcdmt 112 matrix 12 volt drill and i have used ita lot and it does a great job .
this is a very good stud finder . works every time as described . best bang for the buck . three more words .
i got these for my 2.5 year old and they fit well , the build quality isn't bad either . good deal .
very very very very very very very good mutitool of this size , such a small and fantastic ...
i attached one side of the vertical supports to the side wall to keep it from swinging . good product at an affordable price .
you always get quality when purchasing coleman extension cable at a fair price . i highly recommend and have bought many over the years and still going .
no fancy and unreliable electronics or batteries . just a super-powerful magnet that finds fasteners in the wall without fail or fuss . kiss principle at its best .
they are very nice lights and they put out nice illumination . i would recommend this item to everyone . the workmanship is good .
this is a great outdoor timer . the cover is great and helps keep the unit unweathered . we use this year round and have never had issues within .
it's a simple , basic torch lamp . surprisingly high-quality for the price . no frills , but i wasn't expecting any . definitely a good value .
good 19 18 17 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
solid brass bushings threaded for porter cable router plates . all the common sizes in a nice case . meets all my needs .
these are very cool . to get a five pack for 30 bucks is a great deal . they are also labeled 1-5 .
extremely accurate and easy to use as a reference angle . a bit too large to use for setting a 10 inch table saw .
this is a high quality product that is very affordable . i replaced my $ 120 oakley sunglasses for these . they look and feel great .
can you change a watchband with a small screwdriver ? sure , with a little cursing . it's amazing how much easier the process is with this little tool .
it's a great short flex insert between computer and peripheral , with a very flexible cable , and firmly-fitting terminations . nicely made . i have several for travel .
this is my first leatherman product and i love it . i currently have it as part of my edc and it has been a great addition .
there are tons of feather boards out there but i trust kreg so i bought theirs . good fit and finish and they do their job well .
i can't find 1/2 " rod in local hardware stores , only on-line shops . it works ok to replace the builder installed fan .
these hinges with the matching knobs turned my antique white cabinets into artwork . they mount easily and stay opened or closed .
works very smooth , has a predictable trigger and creates a good suction.made of metal with a heat resistant tip .
very bright ! smaller than i thought . have not used it much , but don't have any problems so far . will update if there is more to say
powder coating or an oxidative coating would have been much more helpful . expect anything you pry to get yellow paint on it .
i got this for travel , to stash my goods so that they are not taken while i am not looking , perfect for hiding simple goods .
this is a nice switch but it is not a quiet switch . gives a more custom look . works well with the standard sized rectangular cover plates .
cheap night light . shouldn't have paid more than $ 5 for this item . save your money and get one at the $ 1 store .
it's well constructed . the holes are precise so it's easy to sort your drills . it could be a bit cheaper .
i love the fact that this thermostat is controllable via a loaded app on my iphone along with its other wonderful features .
exactly what i needed and impact ready means they're durable . perfect set and much cheaper than the stores . great product .
this scale works great , looks nice , and it's as expensive as some of the other models . well worth the purchase price .
i use this as an extension to my incra router fence . it works perfectly as a connection between the fence dust outlet and my overhead dust hose .
jest what i was looking for to use a standard drill on my ryobi impact driver . works great , runs true
i don't know where these " great gold box deals " come from . same timer around $ 10.00 @ harbor freight tools . 33 % less $ .
this was purchased to go with dewalt light so it could recharge battery when used a lot . the 12 volt flashlight is very durable .
this is nice little sander . easy to use . had to do some bathroom cabinets that needed to be refinished . this worked great for that job .
these belt kits are very durable and do an excellent job of sharpening any knife or tool that you own .
nice lock set . this was perfect for using it on both of my cars . they have different size hitches and can use same key for both .
ordered on line arrive as promised and works great.price and quality are above expectations.recommended for bulb replacement above other more expensive offerings .
it does exactly what it says it would . i chose this because it matches my other makita tools . as always , it is impressive .
love it ! ! it is so sleek , elegant , simple and shiny ! goes perfectly in our guest bathroom , easy to install and would highly recommend .
tried using this to drill through a 2x4 in a tight spot , the gearing completely burned out . didn't bother returning it .
they look good , fit well and seem to work . and they were about a third the cost of the ones down at ace hardware .
for what you get it would cost you much much more to buy seperately.all these fittings are quality made , you will be pleased with this purchase .
i have a plethora of knives that continually get dull . this sharpener get them back to the desired sharpness quickly and easily .
for the money , it's not bad . it's about as strong ( or weak , shall we say ) as the wiha 400 10 .
so far i love it under 50 spot welds but not a single issue seems just as sharp as when i started using the blair lube stick also
you can never have too many hack saws , so i decided to buy a few of these and disperse them around all my different tool boxes .
this is a specialty tool and it's not for everyone . just like the other starrett tools i have purchased this was dead on .
well conceived design provides for equal horizontal and vertical pushing force . this push stick is well made and makes me feel very comfortable when using my table saw .
i bought this to use on my porch to plug in electric items i want to use out there.it is works nicely .
this is my new go to tool , it is very powerful , sturdy , and has a good feel in your hand .
nifty little keychain . has enough for a day or two in the woods if you know what you're doing ! hope i never need it .
good tools as ad.use it a few times , it is very strong , very much better than cheap hammer.love it
these just work , love it for the price . plan to order more of these whenever i need more couplers for my air tools .
looks nice , seems well made . don't like it as much as the greenlee 0652-23 that i bought as the same time .
these extensions work perfectly with my impact wrench . they feel of high quality and work as advertised . don't hesitate to buy these .
it lights up the area and is very economical on power bill.they are good to use on job sites as temp lights also .
i bought these to hold down the tarps on our pop up camper and patio set for the winter . they work wonderfully and are very versatile .
gives instant very nice light more natural than - easier to see the front porch .
this dust cyclone works as advertised , and separates all of the dust out of the airstream going to the shop vac.definitely worth the price .
you get an amazing amount of pieces to work with . you will save a lot of money checking out this product before you buy an individual unit .
this skullguard is lighter and stronger then anything else . just a little warm in the summer . don't hesitate . buy one now .
you thought i was talking about something else ? ? ? no its the cord it does cost a bit more but wow is it worth it
with the twist and turns , this make it easy to unbolt lock nuts in hard to reach area , great product !
size variations will fit most needs for the average home user , you might order two to keep for home projects .
purchased these clamps because they are made in usa . always looking for american made products . keep americans working , buy american ! !
i needed a quick fix on the front steps . older wired lightsnot doing the trip . wow , did these every present an upgrade .
i was able to weed out so many bad batteries . it works amazing . such simple unit but it does what i needed it to do .
the only thing that would make this better is if i could wipe my ass with this guys actual face
initially only needed the clear glass , after hearing the rest of the accessories found them very useful , i recommend it to lovers of mini maglite
great value . attention getter . people notice and is a customer draw at our store . would recommend for parties and teenagers room .
great heavy duty cutter , big knob on end for gripping , and cutter doesnt run of tubing like the ridgid models .
i know . it's only a splice kit . but man . that was easy.no problem with heating the wrap with a blow torch .
i haven't try to break into my own safe yet . but setup was easy . i've made my own shelf to increase storage capability .
these help channel the hot airinto the room . they are a bit flimsy and collapse easy and need checking , also too short for my modern home .
i installed these on a jet band saw easy to lock and unlock roll very smooth i think they will last forever ! ! !
works great with my orbital , gives a great finish and they last surprisingly well . i would highly recommend this too any woodworker .
heavy duty , responsive , works on all gauges automatically without needing manual adjustment.mechanism seems to be well built with solid part movement each time .
all my nicad stuff got donated ! this is used in conjunction with the radio / charger which makes the day go by much faster !
what can you say about a battery , its works great and got for a very fair price
strong magnet sticks to the nail in the wall hands free , locating studs is now a breeze and no batteries to worry about .
this item comes in handy when you just want to see if its worth keeping a battery or tossing it .
quickest way to shave anything down . it's amazing for what it was . buy it and it'll be your favorate plane .
klein is the product to buy if your a electrician i am so glad that they are dedicated to providing me with a good product .
this charger was pricey , but it works so much netter then the junk chargers that are sold with rechargeable batteries , like the readouts and it charges fast
works great , reliable functional , will but more and will recommend to others . try it you will like and agree it is a must have .
stanley makes a great product . this one is heavy duty and does the job much better than the cheaper tapes . i can recommend this product to anyone .
heavy duty . could easily be used as a club . as a flashlight its not the brightest . but im used to leds .
easy to install , works so well added a second motion detector . the station is very loud and easy for my older parents to hear .
best chalk i have used to date . have used almost every other conceivable brand . no other compares in marking ability
very easy to install the device on my kitchen sink ; moreover , very easy to install new cartridges . i highly recommend it .
very sturdy construction love it and love the price.works great not broken the tool yet but time will tell
great product ! item is high quality and works exactly as described . i would definitely buy this item again . makes soldering jobs easier .
these lights are awesome . i have 8 on the exterior of my house as up-lights .
the tool runs good . it is quiet and i like it . it runs for a long time and hasn't overheated yet . a very good buy
works very well and it is very inexpensive . anyone needing a basic shower head who doesn't need massaging action or something fancy looking should consider this .
these work gr8 and will be buying more in the future . use for my oak wood and so far so good .
really ok , but for about a dollar more you can get the round bulb that lights up better .
the should of printed more detailed specs . also the knob itself is not very ergonomic . that is easy to change with a bit of sugru
good enough for around the apartment semi handy person needing a good screw in the wall or concrete . hammer has enough grunt for satisfactory penetration .
item works great . just a little cheaply built for the price . like the quick release feature . nice addition to the toilet
nice little light and great to have them in the glove box . uses common batteries and fit well in your pocket or easy to hold in your mouth .
this little tool is handy , but the magnifying glass is not the best quality , which doesn't really help when you are trying to see fine details .
super strong magnet . no frills stud finding . this is my second one . the first one i gave to a coworker who loves it also .
works great ! its a little hard to install by yourself , but it can be done . it kept things clean during the move .
what can you say about a set of sockets ? these just work , and they come in a nice plastic storage box that makes for easy organization .
probably the best clamps on the market for the price . these make jobs so much easier , especially if ur working by urself
i purchased 2 bessey vas 23 vario angle strap clamps love them plus these additional plates works well for large frames and extra plates for different angles .
been using mirka sandpaper for years . seems to last just as well as the more expensive stuff.far cheaper than buying it at the big box stores .
i use this for my cheap knives and it does an admirable job . i wouldn't recommend it for expensive knives except for quick field sharpening .
seems to work just as well as the honeywell filters supplied by the installer , and cost a lot less than they charge .
i bought this shield to use with a welder i had bought , like the light weight helmet , and does not feel " heavy " on my head
the only caveat is installing the blades . they are fussy to get seated properly in the mechanism . otherwise , it works great .
our mag-lite flashlights are much brighter and their batteries will last til the cows come home .
this worked well for about 7 years and then went bonkers and i had to throw it out . i guess 7 years is a pretty good run .
nice heavy duty pair of wire cutters , much better than i thought they would be .
great kit that makes removing lug nuts a breeze without having to search for the right socket all the time
again why not just a thumbs up fine product good light works as expected buy it use it throw it
a nice thing to carry around with you but it isn't very powerful . great for small needs , but isn't really useful if the print is too small
this was returned in exchange for the wifi touchscreen model . please see my review of that one that replaces this one .
these are easy to program , easy to install , and work great . they are very reasonably priced as well . well with it .
very sharp , very useful , totally hidden . it's completely unnoticeable on a zipper pull , and should be a must-have for any go-bag .
found nearly the exact same thing at walgreens for $ 5 . not long lasting , probably due to the chinese made batteries .
this is a nice saw . easy to use and is a great asset to my tools . great for jobs in tight corners
the flow valve works exactly as described and i have no issues with it whatsoever . the price was good and it arrived quickly . no complaints at all .
does what it is supposed to but would be better if it was larger for larger diameter stock . was going to make my own but this was cheap
perfect to keep in my shop apron . the 90 and 45 degree angles are dead on and the depth set is easy and makes marking several points accurate .
put 2 of them in my wifes closet , they work well and she loves them . they seem fairly sturdy , and a fair amount of light .
7w 300lm mini cree led flashlight torch adjustable focus zoom light lamp works as advertised especially with 3.7 volt battery .
these bosh blades did a great job of pruning tree limbs for me . i would purchase them again and recommend them to my friends ..
schlage top of the line door hardware guaranteed for fife . if its my life shouldn't be a long time i'm 71 now .
works as advertised so far . i'll post again if it does ( or doesn't ) survive a surge . wish they made it in black or grey .
the lamp directions show a screw to hold the lamp together but none was included so it falls apart .
got the 25 ' and like it so much i just ordered the 100 ' to replace my old scuffed up 100 ' best cord i've used by far .
makes it much easier to work on things when all the possible tools there in one case . should be magnetized .
excellent spring / resistance for delicate work . comfortable and distinctive handle colors , corrosion resistant metal . i would buy them again if i lost mine .
this is not a necessity but definitely a nice accessory to my nova 14-42 . it is truly a quality made piece .
if you're looking for a pin to hold up a shelf , this will do the job . 5 stars seemed like overkill since these exactly met my expectations .
very nice quality in this price and this stripper made in taiwan , i like no spring as this one , hard handle but no slippery .
second one is working great . i had no hassle on return and obtaining a new better functioning valve .
long lived and reliable in my multimeter that i regularly use . much more than the other 9 vdc batteries i've used . was that redundant or what ?
this little blade saved me a whole lot of time and made the job look really neat.thank you dremel .
they protect your hearing ; they are durable , comfortable to wear for extended periods , and are offered at a reasonable price .
great price , works great this is my second one the first one i let it freeze , was my fault it broke .
i put them in my kitchen pendant lights and outdoor light fixtures . a tad whiter than conventional bulbs , but the electricity savings will be worth it .
well build tool , very nice and easy to use , would recommend to ti any one who need s to work with small torx screws .
well does what it suppose to do ... reduce a 4 " vacuum hose to a 2 1/2 hose.if you are looking to reduce i would highly recommend .
descent quality set . i haven't tried any others , but this feels a little cheap . we'll see if it holds up after repeated use .
item built well and looks high quality . nice nickel finish and works well . should it cost less ? i think so .
cord plug was easy to wire and worked as it shoud . would buy product again and would recommend to anybody .
strong little case for carrying small things but the great part of it is the magnets on the lid that are very strong and hold a lot of weight
glad i got two because i goofed and blew one . $ 8 mistake ... but beats paying twice as much at wallyworlds online deal
i bought two of these and while they work i have to fiddle with them to get them to open .
we have used this outside and it has worked well . would say that it does as advertised . would get another if we needed .
great little conduit level , have dropped it repeatedly with no broken bubbles , same features as name brand at a lower price
the threshold went in to place without any problems and provides a weather tight seal . a good product for a decent price .
this tool is truley a high end plate joiner , very nice , very well made a true pro's tool . just got to get over the initial price .
it's a must have thing in your tool box . i use it all the time for 1/4 ratchet work in tight spaces .
does as advertised , and its really a good price , got them before we were suppose to . would buy again .
this blade has a very nice clean cut . easy to install and use . all my cuts have looked great ! ! ! i would recommend this blade .
it does what it's supposed to do . easy to install & use . really glad i bought it .
bought three of these for the house and they look nice . quality is good but not great but it will work for us .
sounds dirty but its not . works like a charm . join led to led all done.yepstrip to strip any angle .
the klein bag arrived on time and in good condition.this is a good tough bag for keeping small tools in.has a strong zipper and made of heavy material .
excellent quality and i especially like the lighted end so you know if you have power to that point . would buy again .
these come from china , but yopu probably won't find a better deal here for what it is , a super bright mini flashlight .
this light runs on aa batteries and it is well made . nice light and it is tough ! i'd buy it again .
only way to go now leds are the best light choice very long life like 20 years , cost more but good pay back and no mercury
it's easy to intall and consume way less electricity compare to hagon lights . but the product is a little bit too expensive .
wanted to add lights about the kitchen cabinets.bought non lights from ikea.added this remote and everything works great.highly recommended .
good tools for engraving . has the usual dremel quality . fun to learn to engrave and practice carving with this descent set .
well it died in 24 months and 4 months . nice light when it worked . now it's back to the switch and no auto light .
who doesn't love a stubby screw driver ? this one has dual sided bits for both phillips and standard .
these are super bright . other reviews have covered all the features , so i won't repeat , but i would buy these again !
sharp , light , and easy to grip and maneuver . i don't know what else i could want in a scraper . you won't regret buying this .
for makita owners , i can confirm that this bulb does work in the makita 18v flashlight , and it seems just as bright as the original makita bulb .
nice lights , but far too bright . useful for somewhere where a light is needed at night , but not good in the bedroom .
fits very well . almost like it was made for it . hmmm . helps with a keeping the router true . highly recommend for the 611
its probably just me , since i am new at the sport of welding , but im sure it will get better as i continue to inprove
went in easy . going by what other people's experiences , i think i made the right choice for my girlfriend's 1/2 million dollar home .
good quality hose . exceeds my expectations . would definitely make this purchase again or recommend to anyone who is interested in this type of product .
the attach quickly ( use some plumber's tape to ensure a leak-free connection ) . the quick-attach works properly and there were no leaks .
there is no other way to get this accuracy.it may seem a little tricky to install . but its actually much easier than i thought .
very quite to the point of no hearing protection needed ! quite powerful too ! i am very happy with this compressor .
other than the price , these are great . we have them installed all over the house , and we love them . they are very easy to install .
woodstock carries a lot of dustcollector system devices . it's like putting together tinkertoys . this piece is especially usefull and flexible
gotta love the nite ize products . everyone of the items i've bought have worked well and the customer service is great
easy to use meter comes with the low side and he high side test packets for calibrating and comes with a cap to keep the probe safe
no problems with the product , can highly recommend . oh well , more words required to again state that the product is great and well constructed .
this product is well made and performs great . i highly recommend this product to anyone looking for this type product .
this tape is sticky and strong . great for transporting items securely , packaging stuff or taping up a torn bumper even .
this timer is great i love the fact we don't need those green / red timer tabs anymore they were just plain annoying .
really useful for anyone---well that did seem to work but i have no more to say about these light just that there good
i bought these because of the great price and to save me a trip to home depot / lowes and fuel to and from . excellent buy !
this works well other than the screw locks positioning the lens . it works for the limited time i use them .
good multi-outlet cord . we will see how it holds up in the construction trade . lighted end helps see if power is connected .
turns off devices that don't have a sleep timer . if the device does not require manual starting it will turn it on also .
got tired of my lame 8 year old battery pach running out of juice.this corded b fills the order for regular power .
i love this set of bits . it comes in a nice black plastic case which holds them securely . im glad i bought them .
great chisels for the price.just have to remember that the handles will shatter if they get cold working outside in the winter .
this milwaukee battery has added capacity when compared to the older versions that we had been using . i recommend it
the reviews were good , by learn button on the back of the power head was purple , so i bought this , and it works perfectly !
we bought this when we remodeled our kitchen.it is deep and with solid construction . will recommend for you new kitchen or next remodeling .
wrench has worked well so far , although i've only used it a few times . hard to beat for the price .
this is great for any type of residential work ! makes life a lot easier when trying to get through soffets or deeper penetrations . i highly recommend !
solid handle , 4 different sizes , and a very good price what more do you need in a pry bar set ...
the only problem i see , is that the base plate that this mounts to is plastic . i hope it lasts !
i read the reviews , purchase this vacuum and it's great , love it . it's not super noisy and it does a great job , very powerful .
this is one heck of a flashlight ! bright , runs on typical aaa batteries , and of course , it's a maglite ! pow ! get one !
sunex tools are always good . sunex is made in taiwan which is better than china . wobble feature lets you reach bolts that don't allow a straight shot .
i know , most dewalt bit sets are mediocre . not this one . it is awesomely balanced . - robin
these work well with the dewalt hacksaw . typical quality i've come to expect from this company . much better than the off-the-rack hacksaw at the big box stores .
expensive , yes but you get what you pay for when it comes to this item . high quality accurate level that is tough and will last a lifetime !
great for welding or spot corrections .. that's about it . not shooting or riding glasses . will be very uncomfortable if you do .
not too impressed with this light check out the mh 25 instead . the mh 25 same to throw more light and it's rechargeable .
ah , pretty crappy plastic quality . shouldn't have bought this ... it went directly into my tool box . probably won't even use it .
kid uses it for her rubber band loom . perfect for it . holds plenty . probably could use for fishing lures too !
when you need to remove a fastener , this simple tool makes the job quick and easy . rubber ball helps tremendously
blade cut quickly and did not dull but is not suited for porcelain tile . chips the edges badly even when cutting slow .
this xuron 450 bn bent nose plier works well on my plastic models and wooden ships . very good for detail work .
these are fantastic for damp-weather bike commuting , etc . i'm hoping to try them on my next ice climbing trip as well .
even has a low setting , and seizure mode . feels very comfortable , and very bright . highly recommended for hunting at night .
very nice organizer . i am very happy with my purchase ... no complaints . it arrived quickly and i wouldn't hesitate to recommend this item .
this is a good starter set . nothing special but i have had it and used it for years now with no problems .
solid and handy tool set . all the basic applications around the house and / or office can be handled with this set .
not much needs to be said , a dremel is priceless to those who really know how to use them.this kit has everything you need .
great set of tools , nicely made for the price . more sockets that you will ever need . storage case is nice
for countersinking this bit works best for me . it drills a hole that allows the wood to be pulled together well without striping .
this masterlock lockbox is constructed very strong and is easy to use as well as to install . very good quality .
the clip comes in handy when hands are full with other things . i can just clip it to my tape holder on my bag or my belt .
for most exhaust removal , this works well . happy i bought it , should have gotten it sooner . useful in most situations .
i have been using it every day in my line of work and it is very easy ti use and very handy
now i turned all my drill into socket bearing animals . i knew i needed these , i just didn't know how bad .
nothing special they do their intended job . you only get 12 in a pack . shipping was quick . not much else i can say about these .
i have been waiting a long time for this gizmo . it makes your paint job soooo much more cleaner . i would highly recommend this product .
easy to install and pricey , but great warranty . i've used many different brands , this is the best quality . the style is great looking too .
very little pliars for a lot of money . channellock makes a good product but this was over priced in my book
it is a good product . it seems well built and solid but remarkably comfortable to hold . it is also very reasonably priced .
husband loves these pliers i also bought him a set of three so he will have different sizes in his tool box
i needed something in one long strip i thought i would be able to make use of this but having to cut one in half makes it look crappy .
this product also has poor adhesive and requires a supplemental adhesive . it works but does not stick well . so use it but be prepared to add adhesive .
this pad is plenty big to kneel on . it is a great combination of give and support . the quality of it seems better than i expected .
bought this a gift for my son who is starting his apprenticeship as an electrician . came very highly recommended and he loves it .
i recevied item in great condition . this item works so good i bought a total of 12 of them over time . great price too .
well , my septic tank hasn't exploded or overflowed . i think both of those are good signs . i presume that this is doing its job !
it is good quality . ul approved . i use it for my kids computer and to charge the cell phones . it works well .
bought this for our above ground pool . works flawlessly . keeps pool pump on during the day and off at night . saves a bunch of electricity .
great for any project that will be outside but perfectly fine and more than adequate for any indoor project . the titebond iii may be a tad overboard .
works very well . nice design.ergonomic handle . overpriced but must have tool for all home projects . i would recomend this tool .
haven't had to use it and hope we never do but it appears to be of good quality and easy to install .
it cuts just as well as the 48t festool blades , at a substantial savings . i can't yet comment on the durability , but will try to follow-up .
real nice router , i like the speed control . easy to handle with one hand . nice base plate . i would buy it again .
nice compact battery tester able to test a wide variety of batteries . at this price i think it's an excellent value .
its a good set of blades for the price i got the dewalt dw304pk 10 amp sawzall and it works great
no need to sand or file , the blade cuts leave behind a smooth clean finish . it's a great time saver .
i had tried and tried to sharpen my gouges and never got them exactly right . with this i achieved success .
nice looking design - tested them briefly & they work - - but have not installed yet.if they work will be buying more .
this is a nice set of bits to keep around your drill . have used it many times . would recommend to anyone .
works great with my dimmer and warms up quickly . price is great for dimmable cfl bulbs . . . . . . . .
this products is tiny , flimsy and not worth what i paid . this thing broke straight from the get go . do not buy this
so far this one works very well . i need to wait for the raining season to see if it last ! so far so good ! love it !
good for close work . nice goose neck style , works well . i would have liked more lumination from bulb . works well ,
bought two , the faces aren't flat on either of them ( one almost looks like an " s " ) , returning and going for pony or rockler
the coating is not consistant all over but gets the job done on rough honing . will look for better for the final sharpining
smooth , simple and great design . light weight and powerful . i use this to cut flooring and slot wall .. great product and easy to use .
4 stars because i was able to build my work benches using these nails . i'm happy with the results . used them in my bostitch nailer .
yes - it's a little on the expensive side . but built like a tank . i keep one around for emergencies and have no regrets .
slap your sockets on this and aand you have full use of an impact wrent removing nuts or putting on for dimantling or assembly
didn't look like much but 140 lumens seems brighter than i expected . 6 cell maglight works better than original equipment bulb with this replacement
this little thing is bright . i thought the first cree ibought was special ( 300 lumens ) , but this thingputs my ordinary lights to shame .
bright and relatively long lasting , my current bulb has lasted at least a year and a half with a decent amount of use .
these are a great value and work well . i use them on many projects when i use l . e . d . bulbs . easy to install .
living in a dorm and being in college this is great . has a variety of tools to use which are very helpful . good quality good price .
quality all the way around . it was very easy to set up and tailor to needs . l highly recommend it .
not durable ; mine rusted within months . it is true that i got wet one time but did not think that would have rusted it .
you can open it up and put it right in your safe .. it's just like the remington one .. but better priced ..
these gloves are tough enough not to fall apart fast like most exam gloces but are nimble enough to work with
i use it for my cnc plasma table exhaust . so far it still works great .
i bought this for an antique floor lamp i have & it work perfectly without any expensive re - wiring
love this dremel and all it's utility . all the attachments and options make this a work-horse . worth the investment without reservation .
had a need for some plastic tubing for use on my vehicle and also for my travel trailerthis item came in good use .
i got this for my emergency car kit . it's easy to wind and is surprisingly bright . i'm going to get more for gifts .
i highly recommend this toolkit . i have a lot of high end tools and this is a decent tool kit for changing phone batteries and things like that .
good for the money but the handles and threaded rods are plastic . i question how long it'll last . not too bad , though .
i need go up high some time , but old style ladder is long and no strong enough , this one has strong and compact size but heavy .
application was more difficult than advertised but the end result looks good in the short term . only time will tell .
easy to install and fits perfect for the kidde fa110 fire extinguisher . rounds out my first aid kit perfectly total safety .
still havent used them but they came immediately and will be handy later on . hopefully i will make a great project from having them .
have owned these for a mere 4 month . some of the tools had started to rust but been holding up for a while
i returned this product because i was disappointed that it mounts to the wall by a plastic anchor plastic clip instead of the usual metal anchor with a screw .
this is a must have safety upgrade for my rebuilt 50 ' s era table saw . reaching for that little toggle switch before was dangerous at best .
i bought these for my makita reciprocating saw ; i love them ; they are working fantastic , no breaks so far ; excellent
loosest possible fit / grasp of bits , whether screwdriver or drill . eccentric would be a great understatement . ok for coarse , crude work .
works great . wish i would have gotten one earlier . very smooth and stays set . heavily built and looks well made for long service .
we bought this for our bathroom that we bathe our dogs in . it works great and makes it much easier to get them clean . would definitely recommend .
great asset for picking up bolts nuts and screws dropped while working on my motorcycle and cannot reach item dropped .
this does what it is supposed to do . it appears secure and well made . i would recommend this product . no reason to pay much more .
this product has good magnets and will hold what ever size bolt or nut within reason . i would recommend this vendor to anyone
i use this to double check the water coming from my rodi unit . cheap way to verify . works in other applications also .
good light.if you have been using old flashlights with multiple d cells you will quite surprised by this light's brightness .
outstanding quality , attention to detail , precise switches etc . a little heavy , but not bad . tons of power , fun to use .
i ordered this flashlight along with three others so that i could compare them . this light works great so far !
bright lamp , worked fine , quality seems quite reasonable . i used it for the garden lamp . it fits well into mr16 type of circuit
i have come to expect quality and innovation from anything i buy from kreg and this item is no exception . very handy !
no mounting screws or wire nuts included so i had to come up with them myself . after the install issue the unit is working good so far .
it's lighting cable , seems to be good quality and the price was good . no complaints . cable didn't come off as cheap or thin .
the disposal genies is nothing glamorous or exciting but it is well built and keeps silverware out of the disposal . i wish i bought it 10 years ago .
the bit cuts alot better than the bosch rabbiting bit i have , and for the price it cannot be beat .
worked right out of the box and the volume allows us to hear the door bell almost any where in the house .
i wanted a portable right angle drill that was in a kit with two batteries and had good torque , a solid drill
these tools are always what you need , they fit in my tool bag and work great for all kinds of screws
i agree gerald - this works like a charm and fits like a glove . this is best dust collection i've seen on a router .
received these yesterday and have to admit i was surprised because they seem to be very well made and sturdy .
work just fine , price is good . you will need this if you plan to replace your broken back cover or do some other repair .
these are cheaply made but fit the need . i use these files to smooth cut glass and they work well for that intended use .
these work great and are much cheaper than other name brand punch sets . i use them for gunsmithing . no complaints so far .
i bought this to magnetize a number of my screwdriver bits , and it works very well . for the price , you can't go wrong here .
this holder fits in well with our other bathroom fixtures and was easy to install . i would buy it again .
wood floors ... waxman 4728695 n 1 - inch self-stick round felt pads value pack , brown ... i have every shape and size i used them on everything .
seems to be well built , but is very dim and poor light . i would not buy this item again , it was a waste of my money .
all i can say is amazing ! puts out a ton of light and looks just an incandescent bulb . without a doubt , i will be buying more !
lightweight tool very easy to hold and use . nice when working off a ladder because it is so light and convenient
cuts razor clean , it's beautifully machined , right-on true running , and what else can i say ? oh yeah , the price was right !
this really is a simple stud finder , but it works great and is not expensive . i would urge anyone to buy this .
thought this was a nice size and seems fairly sturdy . put it in our emergency box so we have it handy when we need it .
very good selection of size of bits and very nice case for the money . bits are very easy to read the size on also .
this socket set has worked well for me . other sets had gaps in between their numbers , but this one includes all sockets between 9mm and 24mm .
clearly this tool won't have the effectiveness of a wonderbar or other longer , heavier pry bar , but i'm wondering if it will be effective at all .
easy to attach . very stable . for cleaning gutters , this is great . would recommend this product to anyone , even contractors.thank you
beyond my expectations , well built , delivered on time . great deal . this will light up the world.beats all my other flashlights .
i had no problems with this , it is a direct replacement . works as expected .
this is a well-designed and very stable step ladder . suggest you read the directions before you try to set it up .
bueno lijero , lo uso como para cortar fierro . para limpiar soldaduras uso domestico , . . . .  . .
they are well worth the buck . i will use them for many things , besides what they were made for . sw
this dresser will smooth you grinding wheel in a short amount of time and use . worth the money . should last a lifetime .
these detector provide more protection than a standard smoke detector because they also detect carbon monoxide , so they are sniffing the air even if no smoke is present .
just like the ones that came with the meter . easy to use and they stay on securely . probably order some more for some of my other meters .
great tool , fast powerfull , compact , good built , definetly a must have for tool entusiast ! recomended
this is a nice led directional bulb . the only minus i have is i don't think it looks like daylight ... if anything it looks like bright moonlight .
they seem to hold a charge well and are lighter than the nicd batteries . it is nice the charger also works with older style nicd batteries i have .
this nailer works very well . easy to load . nice feel . never jams .
although it is fairly bulky , it is light and it does the job well . pricing is a strongest appeal . it is a nice unit overall .
most excellent charger for your rechargeable aa and aaa batteries . you can slow charge , discharge , condition , and prepare your batteries for storage . highly recommended .
simply said , thought these would shed light . but instead , after 2 hours they're dead . thus , my search for light continues
plastic but well made.will be replacing a standard wall switch that had been installed on my 20 inch planer with no safeguards .
not the greatest quality punches i've owned , but for the limited use i'll be putting them through they are gooed enough and the price was great .
appears to be well made but only time will tell how well this model will last , hopefully few years without problems .
ge 45117 deluxe wireless door alarmworks just fine . actually not bad for a chink product . i am really surprised .
these are great . low failure rate . have had them installed in the yard for over a year now and still look great . i highly recommend them .
i bought this for me , it is really easy to use , many adjustments , light weight for a 17 ' ladder , best quality for the money
i ordered this item to replace a worn out older smoke detector . it seems to be of good quality and works great .
the purple belts does me the best job they last a long time i will tell my friends to get the purple belts
i use this to connect my computer equipment to a surge protected power strip . this unit allows me to selectively shut down equipment without turning everything off .
work great with my grow lights for the indoor trees.versatile can use with different applications plants extra lighting . very durable
great extension cord for tools that require a lot of power , like a shredder , water pump etc . very highly recommended .
these fit bayonet bulb flashlights perfectly . the concentrated and brighter beam make the ordinary two-cell , 3v flashlight very effective and improves battery life .
this item works perfectly , but it is kind of big which makes it kind of cumbersome in tight areas ! overall its perfect and works as advertised .
durable , stackable , fits any 5 gallon paint bucket and deep enough to hold lots of nails , screws , bolts , nuts , etc .
i would recommend this to anyone . i like the white light . seems to help see details better then the old amber light bulbs .
easy instalation and very usefull for router plate instalation.exactry i expected , even corner corve is diffrent sized . i strongly recomended this products .
quality is so-so , not stellar , price was right and shipping was free . how could i complain ?
the slipstick cb840 large castor cup gripper , caramel really sticks to the floor and makes my bed very stable . it doesn't budge on my hardwood floor .
this is a well made clamp . it is heavier than i thought it would be , with a rigid frame . recommended .
they cut through just about anything i throw at them and the blades remain un-dented or warped . the perfect tool .
clean cuts . great for low horsepower saws . nice flat bottoms in my dado cuts .
found this product to be worth the money . does what it is supposed to do with no problem at all .
they work great , does the job from small bulb to normal bulbs so you can run more light in your room
a rather inexpensive ventilation fan for any bathroom that seems plumb fine . easy to install and to wire . we have no complaints .
i replaced a couple of older smoke alarms with newer combo smoke detectors and these adaptors made it an easy job . no hassle .
channellock products are some of the best in the industrial and that's all i have to say about that .
works fine , fits into tool pouch well . need more words to fill out this review . this tool does its job . rfp
was ok . didn't really look like satin nickel looked like spray on gray .
i love this shower head works great and the switch to turn thw water on and off is super easy to use
these a simply great to have in the shop . reasonably price and very handy to have . they are nicely made also .
i got this and put this in my boat it works great cheep price no problems nice fit and look
excellent flashlight . works well . not very ferrous so it doesn't stick well on my magnetic holder but that can be fixed with internal magnets .
uses standard size stanley staples which you can find anywhere and it is well made and has plenty of power . love it !
i use this for the extension cord for our pool . it keeps the plug dry in the rain and humidity .
these are great safety glasses . i forget i have them on , they are so clear and un-obstructive to my view !
stanley is a name you can depend on . construction is as they stated . my husband loved this set , i know it will get plenty of use .
get it with and forget it ... along withwiha 79495 31 - piece xlselector bit set with slotted phillips torx hex bitsandtekton 2901 magnetic bit holder , 6 - inch
this pole is nice and sturdy ( doesn't flex ) and a good value . i would recommend this brand for anyone looking for a solid extension pole .
great tool which quickly sharpens knives . i got one as a gift and this christmas i got three for family members .
this product is good as cheap option . make noise when operates . may not last long . may b ok for its price
this carbon monoxide detector was priced right , and very easy to install . don't have to worry about the batteries failing .
much better than plain old lab goggles . i've never had these fog up on me and they fit nice and snug and are comfortable to wear .
they will actually hold up and wont get flat spots like the ones that come with pants i uise these for a living and love them
bought these for work on the cars ... did the job nicely today removing some stuck exhaust bolts . can't ask for more .
i used this set whenever i had to drive lag bolts on the job . they worked well and the quality is very good .
i installed it and it worked.the description and everything else per specs . check the color before you buy as it come with different colors
these batteries are a goog deal . they hold a charge for a long time . they work fine in my flashlight .
have no problems with cord so far . we will see how it holds up under heavy use in the construction trade .
3 of the led's didn't work at all .. tried moving ffrom light to light .. so it wasn't the fixture
i've had these for years . great product for inside the house , outside or even carry in your bag or purse
simple , effective , and inexpensive tool box . very easy to use with plenty of capacity for a basic set of tools .
my most favorite safety glasses i have used to date . have been in construction for 15 years . comfortable and durable .
this was way too yellow for us than we thought it would be for an outside light . an led light accomplished the same thing .
bessey makes great products , i was not sure i needed such a deep clamp , turns out i reach for this clamp constantly . nice addition to my collection
it was inexpensive but it worked well , no issues whatsoever an dthe tap bit fits secure - very pleased with this purchase {8 ^ d
this switch is nice for the laundry room or any room that you might enter with dirty hands . the sensor works reliably .
i have a shop vac wet dry vacuum and these filters must be replaced every couple of years . it works .
works like a charm when ever i have electrical wiring to check for live voltages before i begin work.fits nice in my shirt or pants pocket for easy access .
great addition to my rockwell sonicrafter . we have cut cardboard , fabric , plastic , all without any problems . recommend this toolmust have
as a flashlight it does work good but as far as being 1800 lumens , i don't think so , more like 100 lumens .
unfortunately was unable to use on my craftsman , had to return . it appeared ok , just to short for my application .
this can help bulbs fit into light cans . the item itself is made of good materials - and well priced when i bought it .
i use this applianced timer to switch a relay on and off every day . keeps perfect time . i really like it .
every thing is fine . just wish they can seal this whole thing in a covered plastic box , that will make it perfect for storage and transport .
fine inline exhaust fan.pros : snap to installlow overall heightcons : not as quiet as expected . perhaps adding some sound damping material to the enclosure would help ?
i like the way it's packaged . only thing it doesn't have a locking attachment for the drill bits . they keep on falling out of the magnetic holder .
took the item out of the box , inserted the three batteries and it did what it was intended to do .
love this ! bits stay with handle so you are not constantly walking back to tool box to get right tool highly recommended .
holds up longer than duct tape , and is stickier . only drawback is the price . sticks longer in friction related circumstances . not for high heat applications .
high quality and comfortable hearing protection . i really like this product and i bought 2 more just to have a few extras in the workshop .
i bought to use to put together ar15 type rifle primarily . it works very well for this purpose . i would absolutely rec this to a friend .
bought as gift , easy to set up , great for replacement or lost controller . fast shipping too .
this flashlight works fine and all but for the price and the output you can find something better cheaper and or slightly more expensive .
very pleased with the quality of this hose and the construction ... i expect to get many years of service out of this product
i got these for work they are to bulky for me . i would go with a different pair next time , probably an smaller thiner type frame .
good product . great price . works good , mush better then buying small packs since we use them all the time . try them
really nice doorbell and loud which is perfect for when you are working on the other end of the house ... bells or chimes , you control the volume ...
i bought this to use with my cobweb brush to keep my pool enclosure free of spiders . my last pole rusted away and this one is weatherproof .
i love what these do for my flashlights but i do have to charge them quite often as the flashlight is very bright ...
wonderful mounting ring for a small led to add on to my 12 gauge . this holds the light firm , and is super tight on the mount !
i dont the just include this with the unit . this is a great wall switch very easy to install and setup .
it was nice for the price it is a cute gift for someone but it really doesnt do anything worth nuthin
these drivers have stronger magnets than i am accustomed to , but i have not broken any since i got them . they meet my expectations .
this saw is very useful . i have like three now because they are so handy and effective . i highly recommend this one .
this was an effective blade for scrapping but it broke after only brief moderate use . too much money for so little service .
there is some flex in them but they arn't weak . don't expect to be able to torque down on them like f clamps .
most at this price point are poor quality . this is a nice set , light weight , easy to use ; what more can you ask for ?
i purchased this as a backup tool set to use at my in laws . have been very pleased with it .
bulb still works after three months . same quality and construction as higher priced bulbs found at home depot . give them a try .
i've used this twice to charge dead car batteries . it brought them to full charge without any issues . i do not use it as a trickle charge .
i bought this for my leatherman 831426 tool . it works great and i would recommend it to my other friends .
great light for the money . love that it uses either the rechargeable 18650 or the 123 lithium battery . fit and finish are excellent .
they work very good , i can see very good with my backup light now . it work for my . , try it .
this tool doesn't lock at all . still spins and still gets loose as you use even with it clamped down . save your money .
seems to work great out of the box . tested on baby water then tap and filtered .
i like it , it does make it easier to mount the brackets to the drawers . it's not perfect , you just have to use a little common sense
very nice cordless dremel tool . i use it overseas and it works great . i like the cordless portion . i use it for small projects and engraving .
good breaker bar . helps a lot for stuck or hard bolts . made of strong material and feels like it will last a while .
these were purchased as a replacement for my defective ones and were easy to install . they work great and were reasonably priced .
we replaced the original ugly white registers with these and couldn't be happier . the look and function of them is great . we highly recommend them .
great hooks , padded backs are nice touch - - protect the wall . the slightly tacky back also keeps the hook in place while it is being nailed .
this is an extremely useful product that capitalizes on the strength of inexpensive 2x4 ' s to make possible a wide variety of easily assembled , utilitarian structures .
i thought this was just ok . it would have been nice to have it in a case or something like that .
these work well . what else is there to say ? so far , they haven't rusted like some of my dewalt driver bits .
i bought one of these a year ago . it was very sturdy and worked well . this one feels cheap in your hand and is not as nice .
this may be applicable for a stove but not for a toilet . the smell is obnoxious and it took two days to dissipate the smell .
been looking at various ways to clamp projects square for assembly . it arrived just today . i will put it to work next week .
it is a great little meter for the bench top at a very good price and it's measurements are to spec !
very easy to put together and seems very sturdy . we've been using it for months now with large bath towels on it , and it's working fine .
good size for home use . handy to keep in case of fire . might be good to keep 2 units due to small size .
quick and easy to use ... the 18 or 20 v is a great impact wrent ... i use all with a different attachment to speed up work ...
does the job and seems to be accurate ruler screw seems cheaply made and some of the edges on the level wasn't ground down .
i needed to cut drywall to install a dog door and this tool worked great . the handle is good and the blade firm .
i'm a tool snob . i love my wiha tools and this was used to remove the front sight off my glock 23 .
there are a lot of markings on here , and not quite clear to the lay person . but very effective ruler overall .
this is an awesome tool . it's power and compactness are unrivaled . the led lights are a welcome add-on . do buy !
with these batteries i have the ability to finsh any job w / o having to stop to charge batteries . i would highly recommend .
25 lamps for $ 9 . a bargain . i use these in my non lights from ikea.expect that i now own a lifetime supply .
i have not used it much yet but so far it works as advertised . will know more as we caulk the cracks in our log cabin this summer .
i am going to keep this in my roadside emergency kit for my truck . comes with a nice sleeve . solid build and sharp .
i use these every day at the shop . so far the have perfomed extremely well . i anticipate having them for a while . good quality .
u can not ask to much from this kind of product . it was affordable for me and it serves just like i need it too .
these nails work very well in my dewalt nailer . i have had no problems with them shooting . have used them for several projects now .
got this to look very closely at plants . it magnifies the pant and allows you to get right up to it .
simply amazing ! great water flow , and adjustable . plus the unit adjusted perfectly for my six foot plus height . easy to install .
saw cuts good , easy to use and to move around.yes i would recommend this sawto anybody.yes yes yes yes yes yes
large size and dense redacting grid makes obscuring info a ' one stamp ' and done operation.effective on any bank statement or bill i've used it on .
bought to help line up the cut lines on my 2 x 4 ' s and it works as intended . would purchase again if needed .
very impressed with the power of this flashlight . nice beam and feels great in the hand . could be used for self defense in a pinch .
i really like them so far , i have no regrets and will buy again ! ! nice handy and convenient ! ! thanks for the great product ! !
excellent tool to have in the work shop when you need to work with small items . you never know when you need it
these work just great grips really well . for 10.00 i bought another pair for under my laptop . perfect .
all of the tips arrived completely dull with some of them nicked and misshapen . totally useless . returned if for this much better one : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0002964cc/ref=cm_cr_mts_prod_img
works and seems made well ... i use this and cut off switches for phone chargers etc ... i hate to continuously unplug and plug in things .
these have been a good set of pliers , built well and nice to have hanging on the pegboard in the shed .
these bosch drills are sturdy and sharp . they work well in the reconditioned bosch hammer drill i bought from cpo .
these should be standard equipment . they aren't cheap but they are well made and make it easier to avoid snipe . glad i bought them .
looks cool , can't really tell if it does anything , except maybe attract deer .
nice set good combo of various sizes . smallest size is a little smaller than expected but will still be useful .
great compacted flash light ... fits into a side pocket , with a heavy duty clip , a light that is super bright .
they do the job , i have no complaints , the finish is nice and the case is pretty good too . good to go .
cut the opening and secure it , very simple and stronge . its great that amazon carris stuff that radio shack does not have .
the light works but doesn't throw much light . i was hoping for a 3 foot spread of clear light ... instead it's about a foot of dull light .
this little guy gets it done .. little in size for the amount of light it puts out .. nitecore does it right ... quality in every respect ..
i'm building a kitchen's worth of cabinets and ran through the amount in the selection pack pretty quickly . these do the job perfectly .
lost a alot of tools had to replace fast , had most of the tools for these batteries , shipping good and timely , batteries oem and work
look good and work as advertised . expect them to last a long time . instant on is great . i highly recommend it .
my son says it works fine except for things that need really high heat , but i bought him a butane one for high heat so we're both happy .
using a sponge and soapy water removed more dust than these things . these were a waste of time and money .
they are a little bigger than my utility shelf legs , but they got the job done . these rubber protectors are heavy-duty and should last .
it took a little bit of work to get this set-up and working properly , but once adjusted the signal is strong and the alarm works as described .
these clamps are a must for woodworkers . they are very well made and they will make your joint alignments much easier and more accurate .
this item was a good price and came quickly . it was brand new in a sealed box . great for the pocket .
it's sturdy enough . it's white enough to match my devices and other wall plates . it fits my decora devices . what more can i want ?
just used the 1/2 " and was as good as a large hammer drill , works great .
the only thing lacking is a little brighter led . hard to tell when it's on , other than turning on / offthe appliance .
low quality material , but economical and functional , it does whatever it is supposed to do and only for light use ( not heavy duty use ) .
this dog bone seems to be well built , the grips are solid and the cable doesn't seem to get hot even when running the a / c .
sturdy construction . the scribe slots are very handy . the heavy ridge on one side is excellent for holding the square for a saw guide .
i followed the instructions and tried several different types of knives . never could get any to sharpen at all . not happy with this product .
it has been trouble free and the batteries seem to last a long time . i've had others that eat up the batteries , but not this one .
great little tester when you wonder if those batteries lying around are any good or if the batteries are good and the toy isn't .
only lasted for three uses until it exploded . it would have been easier to just burn my money than spend it on this thing .
finally an xl size that really is ! great fit , seem to be well made . will be used for swat duties .
a quick convenient way to add a hole in a leather belt or anything else . only problem is it would of been helpful if instructions were included .
klein tools are very well know for quality and this was no exception . made identifying hot circuits easy . very handy .
the directions are not the best in the world . the installation is a straight forward job but selection of " bell tones " for each door is confusing .
its denatured alcohol . not sure what else can be said about it . it is what it is . i would buy it again .
this is a nice four pack of moving tape . we have learned to always have some on hand so this helps us manage that quite nicely .
all of the 15 or so solder joints that i used in my project seemed to hold well . i would recommend this based on my limited experience .
i bought the cordless impact wrench and wanted to make sure i got a good fit with the sockets so i bought this one with the handy carrying case .
anti fog does not work so well . they are still nice goggles though . they have a comfy fit and use nice soft rubber liner .
used these to secure a pelican case with firearms . easy to program . solid . good buy . better than other brands i have used .
want to power an accessory on you boat up front or have an extra cigarette lighter plug in on the console . nice well built lighter socket .
easy to position light where you need it . could be brighter . handy in a pinch .
it doesn't work . do i need to say more ? ? i forgot to send it back ! ! too late to get my $ $ back
works well , offers adjustment and one handed operation . flame is perfect for most soldering jobs . couldn't ask for more . excellent .
these lights are bright and at a very good price . they were shipped in a reasonable amount of time for as far as they had to come .
two of my solar lights were damaged in the wind . the wired needed to be re soldered . this did the job well .
i am deployed to iraq and really needed something to keep the dust out of my room . this stuff worked great ...
if you use this along with fine saw dust , it can be used as a small crack filler which will blend just right for a fine finished project
as with most things i have purchased from belkin , this is top quality . so easy to eliminate phantom power usage by power " bricks " .
very good quality , have used this to drill many bud vase necks already . the company psi has very quality lathe items .
i have posted before about these discs but different grits . they are the best and longest lasting discs i have every used .
i used this one to get into tight spots where my long handled one won't fit . it feels solid and should be around for a while .
perfect under-sink extinguisher for my kitchen . fits the standard holder already there so was easy change out . arrived fully charged and ready for use .
gearwrench used to be decent taiwan tool quality these live up to that . gearwrench has switched production to china and well er … .
i love these tools and use them on the regular the multi meter is great as is the drill . i would recommend
i bought this by mistake for my 2 cell maglite . even with low voltage it was much brighter than stock light .
i have a bunch of high end , high lumens tactical flashlights . this $ 20 flashlight is by far my favorite . part of my edc .
i have been using these for years they have always held up well . most of my friends love them and buy them now also .
you open the box and there they are ! i loaded them into the nail gun , pulled the trigger and they came out .
for a contractor who uses this for cleanup everyday , its surprisingly effective for our needs and the value was terrific ... we would def buy more as nec
this kit seems to have all i need and more and it is cheaply priced . i would deffenitly buy this again .
don't buy the oem in brass , it is ridiculously expensive . either buy the chrome version or get the brass knockoff
as i said for the 6 inch wrench , this is a very useful tool and it is made in the usa .
great light for reading in bed . bright light and can be aimed exactly where you need it without disturbing your partner . also a very light weight reading lamp
the circuit board was loose in the box . it snapped back in place an works ok . i have not tried the homelink function .
the lamp does take regular batteries , which is much more convienient than looking for the correct button cell batteries , but the light is not strong enough .
great lathe , comes fully assembled and arrived ontime . lathe is exactly what is advertised , and works better than i was led to believe .
another quality product from delta . the faucet feels solid and well constructed and the lever operates smoothly . super easy install and a great bathroom update .
convenient . excellent quality . easy to install . just make sure to read all the instructions first . we'll see how long the 9 volt battery lasts .
haven't had an opportunity to try it out yet ( thank god ) and hope i never have to but it looks like it will do the job .
worth the money and is holding up well.used 2 sets for very long glass shelves . make sure to hita stud when installing .
for my random orbital sander . about 1/5 the price on amazon in this quantity then buying them in 5 packs at lowes / hd .
case is light and easy to keep the bits in place . it's a drill set , what more can you say about it ?
seems very accurate and works great . for the price , i have nothing bad to say about it . glad i bought it .
excellent product , excellent quality , excellent servicevery easy to use . can store the whole bunch.helps preventing lockouts or any locksmith services and issues like breaking the door .
work great . good to just keep on the ground around the washing machine and water hear . cheap and a good insurance device .
works well . very bright . easy to handle and replace batteries . i'd get this over any name brand flashlight out there .
letherman is letherman .. no reason to buy something else , and to me - wave is the real thing.tx , michael
blades are ok , but seems to be difficult to cut firmer material . maybe it is just me i like to think they could have a greater bite .
i put 2 of these on my barn / garage so i could see at night . they give an amazing amount of light . would buy again
appears to be the same product that's been sold for many years . as is described , and works very well for inded purpose .
excellent led module for the maglite 3 d flashlight . most of my flashlight are led so i hope this well be the future of led techology .
installed this surround plate to match up to a leviton outlet nightlight . it does the job , looks good and is affordable .
simple product . works as advertised.can ' t really do anything wrong unless it breaks on me . fit's on the side of the leatherman premium case .
get set with tons of power . makes short work of anything . really compact yet powerful . cannot think about anything bad about it .
a good well made impact set to use with a impact driver ... easy to replace parts that either get worn out or get lost ..
a run of the mill holster that allows you to store your flashlight with out carrying one.construction is good , not great , but good enough .
i use this dresser on my tormek t - 3 to clean and flatten the wheel . held in the gouge jig it does a fine job .
this three way usually will have a bad plugin after a while.and i new this when i purchased it
disappointed in bessey , usually better . not one of my better buys.back clamp slips on the pipe with moderate pressure .
this level is also a 2 foot ruler . it has 3 different levels so that you can level horizontal and vertical .
sadly i was not able to make this work - the saw was loose when i attached the laser guide ...
the wing came off within 5 min but would be easy to repair however the little girl looks great even without themmoonrays 91332 solar power highlighted fairy with sunflowers
small and always available . it hasn't opened on its own in my pocket . it's great for opening clamshell packaging and trimming loose threads .
works great at a good price . i use this saw to cut holes for electrical ceiling boxes . i would buy this again .
the metal is thin which makes them somewhat flimsy but they're ok for the weekend tinkerer . definitely not commercial quality .
really pleased with these when i first put them in . if you have hard water though in about a month they tend to clog up pretty significantly .
this is a great product . looks and feels real so noone will ever suspect the truth . exactly what i needed ..
got some of these for the christmas decorations and they were great ! cut down on all the ' extra " cords sitting in the yard .
nice and bright , but wish it could be focused . it puts out more light than expected and will buy more for gifts .
the blocks work fine but more importantly they exactly fit an ohio forge bandsaw for those of you who are wondering
bought years ago for around the house and i still have a couple left in the pack . no complaints and the price was right .
easy to install and a great way for the kids to get in without having to worry about them losing a key or someone getting the key from them .
unit looks good and where i'm at requires a switch of which this unit looks like it can have one added in the lower portion .
well thought out design and good build quality . works as designed . can't say i love it . i just like it .
works great . beautifully clean cuts through soft and hard wood . exactly what you would expect from freud . take everyone's advice and upgrade your blade !
actually nicer quality than expected and includes an extra battery . size is very convenient and accuracy appears to be spot on .
i've ruined watercolor paintings in the past attempting to coat them . krylon crystal acrylic coating is the best i've found thus far .
good build quality , no issues at all . i'm not an expert on anaglyph 3d , but i tested it on several images and the 3d worked fine .
i doubt there is a lighter weight hat light available.fractionally brighter and lighter weight than the maxcraft 60193 visor light .
drill is ok , the batteries are the standard 18 v , a good value for what i paid for it ,
perfect for bath room that needs directional light . fine for directing light to a walk in shower---not over the shower , out of the water way
i bought these in conjunction with a rampage 5089925 halogen conversion headlight kit and have never looked back . i would definitely but them again with out hestatation
a standard 100 watt table lamp or any other incandescent lamp can be used as a night light or for atmosphere with this dimmer just by plugging it in .
this item was essential in completing the project and made to interconnection go much smoother and faster for me in construction
good quality you would expect from 3m . large size so it can be used for multiple purposes . i recommend this product .
reasonable price , smooth cuts , and stays sharp . while the 18 tooth blade that came with my saw cuts , this one is much better .
good , general purpose fire extinguisher . i got a couple of these just for the general emergency . they were on sale so a great price .
i use these for splitting off power sources or adding power bricks to power strips . they work great for me .
these are my go to shop glasses . they are comfortable and light . the magnification is clear but they do scratch easily .
some useful projects to use with my new pocket hole tools . i look forward to using this book . recommend buying it .
good dust collection for $ 13.00 . not much difference in dust collection compared to vacuum connected instead . easy to empty.recommended .
is what it is .. . . fit my ridgid vacume to fit another ridgid sander . works and would recommend to others . . . .
cheaply made and not at all a quality item . thermometer did not work but whistle did make a sound . skip this one .
easy to install.test mode speaks to you.great for the basement near to the furnace and hot water heater.good bargain price.lets you know when the battery fails .
recommended . easy to program and i attached this to my garage wall to control a second garage door . small size .
we bought this because of the higher than normal led wattage.it is exceptionally bright and my husband loves it.very compact and durable.would definitely buy again .
works great going into the basement apts , as far as i'm concerned its as good as my large hammer drill and not as heavy and has the power .
this was a christmas gift for my grandson . he loves it and has already used it . it looked just as advertised .
i use this with a growing light to get seedlings started in the winter . i also have other uses for it in my woodshop as well .
sent it back for a refund , then purchased a " real " tomahawk.pros : dirt cheap.cons : every single aspect of it .
i have other makita tools . this updated sander has a comfortable grip and the new pad is rubber not felt , so it doesn't compress with use .
outstanding lamp for the money paid . purchased it specically for the swing arm for a desk . good design and will purchase again if needed for office use .
product seems to work fine for now . very strong light . i will continue to check and let everyone know . i hope it was worth the money !
it is exactly as the description said . very good quality and fits my 30 - year old fein sander using an adapter .
item has not been used as of yet , so hopefully when it is used it will for for the job
nothing special , nothing bad . good selection . no problems with any pieces i've used so far . just handy to have around .
they are thick and look great . but most importantly , they are true to size and easy to put on / take off .
this battery lasted only about a month . a week after the return window closed , it went completely dead . terrible quality .
it's great to use makes things a lot easier i use my impact gun on it and i don't need to look for my drill every time .
wish i bought this years ago . ifixit is the leader in tearing things apart and teaching you how , so of course this is the best !
model says 1800 lumens but read the description . 1000 lumens . many other alternatives as bright at almost half the price . i find this misleading .
holy hell man this thing rocks . this thing shoots those burning hot blades out . no more burning your finger tips . this thing is sick man
you just can't beat this light for the money these are the best deals around . i have bought about a dozen so far and will buy more .
used it to cut some pvc in a hard to reach location . worked fine as long as i was patient .
these are so good . they are bright and small and rotates the light where you need it . i no longer have to leave my bathroom light on .
my student had a little trouble learning to use this properly . i've been using one for so many years it doesn't matter ; it seemed fine to me .
i am losing blades constantly ! and this case secures the blades great ! i am really glad i got this with the saw .
this sits in my emergency kit , and it is well built for the price . order w / o worry if you need one .
the drill bits are sharp and tear through anything . i was very please with these compared to my older spade bits .
fast deliver , best price , lightweight , strong locks , seems very durable for the price and the weight of the box , large enough to hold a sawzall
the best duct tape around ! made of thick aluminum foil with real sticky glue that will patch or join ductwork .
works well i would have liked lithium but they havent made that yeti use this in the roofing gun
nice and bright . i don't expect the advertised life because my light fixtures don't shed heat fast enough that the power supply components inside these bulbs are happy .
i velcoed this flashlight to my dash board so it is always charged . when i need it i know were to find it .
a good product for around the house maintence . use it when i can , might be able to use for work
perfect bulb for background lite while watching tv . i have it on a timer so the house looks the same if i'm home or not .
this shelf is a great deal . it is perfect for my bathroom wall . it is sturdy and of decent quality .
this has been a fine product and has remained sharp for the last year .
a great tool to quick change bits and drivers . have purchased two of the same to able to use on drills and impact drivers for faster work .
always thought these were neat.makes it look like mission impossible with a key code access ! anwyay . more importantly it works and was very easy to install .
i got this set for believe it not for geocaching . the set is very compact and fit very well in by back pack .
i have had this photo eye installed on my led garage lights for over two months , installation was easy and it works wonderfully .
just as i remember it . this particular one is made in china but its thick cast and unless you use it incorrectly it should last you forever .
mine came in size large , decent vest for the money . good cheap vest for guests to the job site . no pockets no frills
these batteries worked really well for me and a set of 8 powered a little fake auto alarm flashing led for 3-4 months continuously .
heavy duty air tools socket 1/2 inch drive . good value and seems a good quality . time will tell for sure
this is truly a one hand operated tool . it is so convenient to use and the blade is super sharp making cutting pvc a snap
great product , i gave this to a friend an they love it . i am buying another one for myself again .
handles 410a pressures , 800psi hoses . gauges have been an industry standard for years . accurate and simple , gets the job done .
used for 6 weeks in fall and 6 weeks in spring . used 3 days this fall and it no longer works . so try something else .
i used this tool to grind concrete that lifted up by 2 inches and it worked perfectly . did not overheat .
looks good and works just as it should . bought several moen products for bathroom remodel and pleased with all of them .
these motion activated solar powered lights provide adequate lighting for sidewalks , driveways and decks in two directions for as much as 30 feet .
this is a terrific item to assist me in my jewelry making . very hand gadget to have around for holding chains .
this worked just fine in london , and the additional plug on top was handy too . this will do the job .
love these , i save a ton on electric now and they last forever . great bargain . i haven't bought light bulbs in 3 years .
so i bought this wire stripper for when i need it on my car restoration , its safe to say that they work rather well ! im very pleased !
the touch controls are a little wonky and small . the cord is pretty short . the light quality is excellent and has four settings .
this sawzall is a beast , it is very very powerful and not extremely heavy , gets the job done and works when you need it everytime
bought this because a neighbor used them and i was sold on their holding power and first class construction . enough said .
this tool repair kit is useful for repairs on a laptop , smartphone , eyeglasses , and anything else with very small screws .
works great for navy showers in my high water cost area ? fits into my shower head with minimal relocation what else can i say
this stuff penetrates ! very deep penetration at a small cost . better hope my wife doesn't find out about this stuff ...
this is a replacement bulb for the maglite aa battery flashlight . i put it in , the flashlight now lights up , very pleased .
i checked it with known rotational speeds and it's within the tolerance in its spec sheet . a real value for the money .
we have overflowed our toilets , baths , and showers and sinks ... these are terrific for our sloppy water habits ! i will order some more .
great product . my old battery back-up was about 15 years old . it was easy to remove old one and plug new one in .
easy to setup and use for light duty handheld work . i would not recommend this router for use with a router table .
no where near 900 lumens , but light works fine low and high and strobe seen small light a lot brighter
i finally broke down and got an electric drill set . this is a great compliment to it ! i couldn't be more satisfied .
easy to work with . very supple and tangle free . although new , i expect lots of good years out of it .
this tool performs very good , solid built to reduce chatter while hollowing and produces a smooth shearing cut when finish cutting .
good little light for the price.comes in handy when i don't need a larger brighter light . i don't thank you can go wrong with this light .
i teach square foot gardening and needed some good yet inexpensive gloves for my students . i like the different colors so students can identify which pair is theirs .
not a good review , bcs they should state that it doesn't fit certain models of garbage disposers e . g the waste king 8000 .
quality built saw and cuts wonderfully . i have never used any jig saw that performs better . heavier than a cordered but nicely balanced .
not really much to say except these pins get the job done . good quality - no jams - work like a charm .
these batteries work good for me . last as long or longer as any other batteries i used in the past . 5 stars ! ! !
excellent third hand for holding thing and fourth hand for putting helping me see smaller stuff i am working on .
these are really nice quality door knobs for the price . i am very happy with them in our basement renovation .
more than strong enough to hold a loaded full size usp without being too strong to worry about it making you slam into it .
i needed something , that wasn't permanent to hold a handheld shower head . this holds onto the wall great , without glue or using the screw feature .
these are high-quality tools and do what they're intended to do just fine . i recommend them . appear to have all the commonly needed sizes .
a number one ! i use it regularly . it's imported but what isn't . it works and the price was terrific .
this is a great kit with more than i needed to hang a bunch of pictures . great deal and great price .
i got a set for gifts . i think they are too short to be effective in use . so i bought different ones . sw
need for small drill press ; standard drill press for what i do too much and did not have room in confined space
works good for a little light that works off solar have not had that long but so far so good
they fit well , are light , and are adjustable too . they really cut the glare off of arc flashes from plasma cutters .
what kind of led does it use and how long does the battery last ? how long does it take to charge ? what is the lumin out put ?
we purchased this so we could upgrade memory in a macbook pro.the tool set worked perfect & no quality issues yet although only used one time .
this is a great head magnifier for an unbeatable price . love the light and all work as expected . thank you
works well with my dw708 dewalt miter saw . it is hard to see in direct sun light . it is accurate .
it works well , it seems to be accurate . at least i don't have to guess anymore , i use it on drywall and soft woods .
cute little flashlight . it stays in my wife's purse for instant deployment . high quality . a steal . recommend for discreet use anytime .
another great product that will last for a long time . look forward to years of use . added to stanley collection .
5 - plier set is as i expected for the cost and quality i have used them in the construction of my bot projects .
this is a great doorknob . it works perfectly and smoothly . i couldn't be more satisfied . great product for the money .
definitely get these instead of home depot's cheap malibu line which breaks every winter . go with paradise for your landscaping electrical needs .
son picked out his own gift , he is happy with them . tools , what can you say , they do the job
snaps right into my desk lamp , not too bright not too dim.works with internal dimmer switch . great value what a deal .
this guide works very well for sharpening plane irons . it's easy to use , of good quality , and it cost less than most others .
worked one time and burned out . would not suggest to buy . get's very out then does not work . burns itself out . go and buy different brand
i haven't cut metal pipe with it but i do use this to cut pvc pipe for projects . cuts quickly and nice and straight .
this is a simple and sturdy little guy . i have it as a back-up and like using it with my young children when we build stuff .
the price and quality are great . i purchased these for my 3rill and they snap in securely and work well .
is what it is , fits a varity of flashlights . a good buy , my last one lasted over a year befor the bottom wore out
i needed the 1/4 " collet for my 3 1/2 hp milwaukee for some of the smaller bits i use . it works well as do all milwaukee products .
high priced but worth it . very bright lite with low battery drain . i put together a lot of flashlights for gifts last year
works well on wood and trees . the thicker blade prevents flexing . the nine inch length makes for easy deep cuts
bought these to replace my yellowed thermostat . they look nice and the programming is some of the easiest i've ever used.make sure you calibrate the temp
not much to say , does exactly what it is supposed to do ... installation was easy , no regrets , would recommend it ...
about the best clean cutting finishing blade i've bought . check prices carefully as they're always in flux up and down , and get this one when it's down .
ok , what can you say about string ? its green , its strong enough and long enough ! the price is right too .
lets my son work with me with me worrying about his eyes . fits nice and are cheap if they break or scratch
this little light is great ! crazy bright and clings on to my rail nice and tight ! definitely recommend for anyone looking for an affordable tact light !
not much to say . great little cart , fits my millermatic 140 perfectly . assembly is easy enough and would recommend it to anyone .
led power supply is small and compact , it is easily hidden from view in or above cabinets . polarity clearly marked .
works well and heats up fast , i have had no issues with it , would but it again if this one stops working .
very handy for clipping to my badge at work on the nightshift .. i bought a larger pack this time to last longer .
i just took delivery of this saw and matching stand , and i am really impressed with the quality of the product ...
heavy enough to not worry about getting a fire started , long enough to be useful and the lite end tells you there is indeed juice going thru it .
great guide makes pin holes a breeze . made large project easy , very accurate and done in reasonable amount of time .
these 4 - watt bulbs are as bright as my 15 - watt bulbs .. i was hoping that they wouldn't be , since they are for a nightlight .
good quality ... what else can i say ? so far , everything works as it should . i'm happy with this purchase .
this little remote works great . the range seems to be very good . was very easy to program to the 2 garage doors .
this is a very bright and versatile headlamp works very well and is very rugged . would recommend this headlamp to anyone .
finally , a three prong plug in switch . the first i have seen . works great for cords without a switch .
jest what i was looking for to hold on to my dremel when engraving . feels good in hand and helps with control .
i ordered this with a light switch timer and they worked good together . it saved me a trip to the store to pick this up .
no fogging because there's no air seal but they might not provide as good protection as those kinds . don't get if you have glasses though , these are snug
brushes off whatever you want off ( exept welden bead ) over all does a good job.bm
nice set of mini pliers , using them for rc vehicles and are perfect for that . seem to built well and should last
why anybody would design an 8 " grinder with 5/8 " arbor is beyond me . nobody sells wheels with arbor holes that small in an 8 " dia .
it worked for a few weeks then just died . i would stay away from this drill , if your dies don't replace it with this one .
not much to say . these are quite acceptable alkaline batteries in an easy to open package , at an ok price . i would buy them again .
does not come w / cover.having said that ; the switch was easy to install & works great . i would recommend product .
this is a great tool to use for those short quick cuts that you do not want to set up your table sae
nice padlocks - very heavy duty and well made . they arrived on time and well packaged . i would buy these again .
the smallest bit shaft broke after very little use , first time out of the box . i'd spend more money next time to get better quality .
this hammer is durable , and a nice size . be forewarned however , that it is a little top heavy , but i like that in my hammers .
this remote was very easy to setup and works great . the lighted keypad is great for nighttime . i would definitely recommend .
this tool has worked exactly like the add said it would . i would recommend this product to any one . great product .
using this for crafting and it is perfect . sticks very well and seems to be just what i needed . love it .
the finish is not as good as the primo brands and the screw is a bit rough but for the price these are hard to beat .
used these over several days of painting trim ... only noticed a few bristles coming loose ... they clean up really easy and can be stored if washed correctly .
i am an a & p mechanic and have used lubriplate before , will use it again . love this stuff recommend it to my friends
works great for what i needed it for running 4 inch rigid conduit at work . 5 1/2 in jaw was great
stops work fine for cutting crown molding so you don't have to cope inside corners . the stops fit fine but are over-priced .
great tool for working on small jobs and limited space . i love the ergonomic design and feel in the workmanship . truly big for its size .
perfect size . i'm 5 ' 10 " 184lbs . i would guess it would fit up to a person who is 6 ' 220lbs .
the measurements are exact but the holes are very small . inorder to mark your work you have to use a mechanical pencil .
for an inexpensive set they're fine . i doubt you can do better for the same quality . time will tell how well they're heat-treated .
the sanding with this product is very nice and lasts a very long time . worth the money.timothy the tool man
very sturdy and can be used on smaller step ladders as well . one feels more secure on the wider step
rock solid stand and bargain basement price ! why pay double or triple what this stand cost ? this stand will meet all your needs .
fast shiping ; and the product is just as described a a a a a a a a a a 1
this works ok but it does not take much to make it slip . i would use something else to hold the workpiece .
easy to use . back lit display can be on all the time , or not if you want . holds settings after power loss .
i was impressed when i received this detector looks very well done i hope it works as good as it looks ...
screw driver didn't come with a bit so it's useless until i buy one . looks and feels like a good product .
good price . the filters fit well and seem to be just like the original filters . much better price than buying them locally .
not perfectly square , but close enough for most things . i used it on picture frames and it works well enough .
this item is really great item to have . it said it will charge two batteries in one hour , it will do it , recommend it highly
bought these as a gift.the waterproof aspect is what i know they need . i hope they do as designed and provide that waterproof protection .
this grippers work great on hard woods floors . they are not 100 % ' unmovable ' but they work fine to keep furniture from moving around .
used this when cleaning inside a chimney firebox . worked well , very bright , long battery life and you can angle the light .
matches up with stainless sink and dispenses soap well . this is a good product for a good price , and easy to install .
provides great comfort with the ability to use your fingers , seems to hold up well and pads in in the right areas , great gloves
purchased this multi-tool about 3 days ago and i am very impressed with the versatility of this tool and the great quality as well . great product .
good price and the product should hold up fairly well .. don't abuse it too much though . i my 10 inch hitachi mitre saw on it
great find on amazon - really makes organizing / storing / accessing your batteries much , much easier . would highly recommend .
good for the money . i basically use them for a quick clamp when ripping plywood . they are fairly strong and easy to use .
we use these on our milwaukee 12 volt multi tool . they have courser teeth , we use them for cutting wood .
i have tried many timers , some were good , some were ok but this one is the best . i would recommend it
and it is just what we needed ! we looked everywhere and all the stores were out of stock . when i found it here cheaper i was thrilled !
i ordered the wrong belts and would like to return them . i needed one for a different machine the ws3000 .
being asian with more of a flat face shape , these simply do not fit well . they seems well made , but are just too rounded for me .
i use it with dewalt dw1720 brad point bit set , 6 - piece and general tools s838 6 piece 3/16- inch to 1/2- inch drill stop assortment
i returned this as it was not as advertised and did not meet my requirements . picture words and reality were three different things .
bits works great on stuff that i need to open . holes on trox and allen bits are not centered but still does the job .
bought this to fit in a revolving light for a christmas tree . fit perfect and is plenty bright . well pleased with this bulb .
a very good working helmet for the price , could get a better one but for this price works great , golly
it looks great . i have it hanging on my garage wall and hope to use it sometime . nice looking hammer .
again , this is a necessary addition to my tormek grinder . these jigs are necessary to properly align the tools to the wheel.works great !
i use these in all of my flashlights and they work well . the battery life is good and the power is steady . no complaints .
this is a great little belt sander . i use it for polishing small items with 1200 & 1500 grit belts .
it's like having a extra helper when hanging cabinets , butfor the price , the quality of the clamp could be better .
nice tool . works just as it should . less expensive than other alternatives . high quality . i wonder if they make a 3/32 " punch , too ?
i ordered one and as my friends see it they want one too . i order four so far and they are very good for the price .
this dewalt titanium pilot point drill bit set is great for project around the house . the bits are really strong .
one of the few places to offer it and the price was very reasonable . looking forward to another 10 years with my trusty makita sander .
wrked good without any complaints , as with most bostitch products that the quality was right on . always to to buy the same brand for bostitch nailer
wow this is a great piece of equipment ! sooth fast cuts . certainly made a bridge building project fast and easy !
it works as it should and it's pretty cheap for what you're getting . if you need a solder for light use , get this .
great little automatic light for safety and security . the 3 led lights are very bright and the batteries last a long time .
product is as advertised . inexpensive and easy to use . needed it for my outside security system . expect many years of use .
i used this to create and insert for my dado blade on my craftsman saw . it fit well , installs easily and cut neatly by carefully following directions .
these are so hard to find at home improvement stores and you can't beat the price on amazon !
i've installed 6 of these and they are incredible ! quiet and very efficient . they've been installed for over 6 years and still working great.highly recommend !
sharp , works great on 6061 aluminum . wish it had a hex shank for hand operation . haven't tried it on ferrous metals .
i own 3 od these locks i think they are great always work almost always long enough i strongly recommend these
this is a great tool .. has the most used tools and so compact . great quality and value .. will recommend this tool to friends of mine .
fix that moen handle , this is the great replacement for broken handles . simply easy to follow procedure to change handle
seems to do it's job . i don't really know because i haven't had an issue but it's a quality built product .
money saver.works fine no problems.not sure if can be used outside , but it does work outside under the roof so it doesnt get wet .
this product was run through my quality control people and it performed as advertised .
this is a nice solid plug . i used it to replace a plug on an in-sink-erator that was damaged . better safe than sorry in a wet environment .
this thing runs the water system on my full time tiny home , huge improvement over old pumps , no more surges , and very quiet .
the router works really well as a laminate trimmer . the leds are a nice feature the router sets up quick and is pretty intuitive .
too bad ! ours was defective , needle totally unresponsive . since it was fulfilled by amazon they are paying return postage . thank you for that.oh well .
this was just as described , nice product and it came quickly it will work great for light just as description says
was smaller than i was expecting and it falls off the stand every once in a while . it puts out a good amount of air for it's size .
reverse button bumped easily while using . battery died after 6 months . screwdriver bit was bent on arrival.other than that it was a pretty blue color .
i needed the wide jaws to work on my espresso machine . it has great quality and gentle on the chrome finish .
really pleased with the product . planning to buy one more . the sensor is very accurate and light is bright enough .
the electric drill was exactly as described on the ad and it was received very fast . i certainly will recommend this seller very highly ! ! !
i love the timer , it is compact , works well , and has a battery backup ! however , it is a real task to program .
especially useful for measuring the width of a shelf inside of a cabinet or book shelf . seems more durable than similar wood folding tapes yet price is similar .
does just what i is supposed to do . it lubricates the gears on my chef's choice 615 slicer .
i purchased this bag 3 years ago and i have organized and have lots of room and tough as heck , no tears so far well made .
this torque wrench is very precise and very nice too , feels of very high quality , the box is okay !
came fast good price well packed . i got this to do some projects it covers well and is very shiny reflective finish it looks so good .
is safety and so good to used on home . help so much whent i arrive on home
love these boots ! got a great deal at amazon ! they run at least a half size large .
this is a very useful item . i have always had trouble cutting a 4 x 8 piece of plywood . this makes it easy .
it's ok for small job at home the only problem is that , it can't drill is just for screws which for me is so dissapointing .
very nice blade with very little tear out on the back side of the wood .
bosch bits are top quality and this kit is no exception . use it on concrete , tile or brick and you don't have to worry about burn out .
this driver is good , but it needs more bits that are more commonly used and less bits that are rarely used . quality and feel are good .
what can i say . it is as described and works fine . good price and good quality . it works for me .
i got this for my wife to have with her in her car . we tested it out on wood and cardboard and it works just fine for her .
for the price and the use i have it is excellent . inch increments are accurate and the metal is place at a true 90 degree angle . solid .
doing a remodel and needed some # 2 phillips bits for the job , especially the drywall . you can never have enough new bits in your tool box !
a bit flimsy for my taste , but inexpensive and light weight . will probably be fine for what i use them for .
nice charger , easy to use , works well , and is a better charger than the one that originally came with my b & d 18v firestorm tools .
what can you say about a toilet seat . it installs easily , was a good color match and it does it's dirty deeds dirt cheap .
not sure how to convince someone reading these reviews that this is a good tool . it's a speed square and it does what all other speed squares do .
works very well and i like the plug-in advantage , never have to worry about replacing the battery . like it very much .
the bolt that the tension knob connects should be much longer . the short bolt limits the usefulness of the product . ad2
takes a little time to set up , but once your done it works very well for adjusting your router .
this is rather small and dinky . i would sugest not useing this on your better knifes but it works well on duller knifes .
i found this to be a very good item at a reasonable cost . used it to hollow a bud vase with no problem . i'd recommend it .
good price , the blade i've used has worked fine so far . i'd recommend it based on my limited experience with jigsaws .
these blades came as described and expected . they work well . the price is right . an excellent purchase to save some money !
a fair quality stamp set . letters and numbers are not as deep set as i would like but for light work these are just fine .
this is a flawless design . stores many codes , easy to install , easy to delete codes , perfect for our guest house . highly recommend .
the heath zenith 121ac was the perfect replacement for a failed unit in an old house we're renovating . easy to install and worked as expected .
this unit is very bright , not led , great natural color . it is a little big but works very well . very sensitive
these things work great . they're pretty easy to install as well . i love the way the cabinets close with them installed .
the lines are excellent , very thin . the problem is only that you can snap only 2-3 max lines widhout reloaded chalk
this lights works very well and lets you put the light in a dark area with the solar collector goes on the roof
another stanley tool for my garage for motorcycle and small repairs in household . i am always glad to find stanley tools to add to my collection
bought a door mortising set and wanted a back up bit have used this bit in many applications and is sharp and seems to stay sharp
these catch so much stuff it makes you feel like you have the dirtiest house around . i feel better knowing the filter is working for me so well !
decent item works as it is intended for . when i first got it it feels a bit flimsy . that y i gave it a 4 star .
so far so good ! it seems to be working well flattening my grinder wheels and seems to be holding up great . no complaints here .
everything works greatfor choosing combination code only five digits ( 1 2 3 4 5 ) are available.key can override combination in case u forget .
i have been looking for the proper filter for welding galvinized.this works great . because of its size it fits under the helmet .
works well sharpening my chisels and plane blades , no need ot worry about grooves when switching from chisels to plane iroms .
only used once and then got out of the hobby i was using it for went with all the other stuff works as decripted /
good package of stuff for the price . they all installed easily and they all look good in the bathroom , fit well with the other pieces we bought .
bought this for computer work . very disappointed that it was not magnetic . that was the only reason i bought it .
works fine . replaced old incandescent . be sure you want warm light . that is what normal flood light in my kitchen had .
this cutting guide did not work on my off brand 12 " miter saw so i tried it on my 7 1/4 " skill saw and it worked perfect .
i use these for automotive use to compress my brake calipers . they work well and the rubberized bar helps keep from damage .
i have used these a few times over the past couple of weeks and they work great . i would recommend them as worth the price i paid .
got these for use with the rv . don't want to be out somewhere and blow a fuse and loose power ... etc ... a good selection .
they do the job . in fact , i'm pretty sure that you could do surgery with them if you could find some way to sterilize them .
really nice . bigger than expected , and will do the job it was intended for . i am sure it will hold at least 2 six packs .
east to replace and use and much , much better than the original and the store offerings . their first versions were awful .
you can buy similar female ends at the big box orange store but not the male end.these work well for a large portable grill we have .
i heard that a trane 803 stat is actually this one ( honeywell th8321 ) , only the trane has the trane name stamped on it .
i use it all the time . i do a lot of wood art and crafts . i love the short tack time and the final cure strength .
excellent to find these at such a great price especially after i checked a number of other places . the price was right .
i mounted this to my shotgun and love it . it seems to be sturdy and good functionality for what the cost of one is .
the dorcy led flashlight has an amazing amount of bright light ! small but powerful ! i highly recommend ! priced right too !
you have to have a steady hand to connect the sections . it's worth the effort . it's perfect in the corner behind our sectional sofa .
put this on a rem . 870 tem , it's very bright and does the job even without a pressure switch , which i knew i didn't need .
this fenceless design allows you to make precise angle and stock depth adjustments as needed , making the mini the most " positionable " jig available .
easy to put together and quiet . i just wish their was more metal and not plastic that looks like metal .
good name brand tools . comes in a nice case and easy to keep together . multi-purpose item to have when you need a punch or chisel .
gateway works as intended nothing to go wrong . acts as interface to myq network . needed to work with remote system
this shower head produces a satisfying water stream at low water pressure . it produces the feel of a high pressure system .
the colors are cool , but it's really night that bright at all . hardly lights a small room's floor .
this item works just as advertised . the indicator light is helpful to see if the switch is on or off . very useful device .
bought this nail gun to use with a seneco compressor that i also ordered on amazon . great gun for small jobs around the house .
sent it back . all they are is plastic covers for the existing support . not steel support as i believed the were .
i installed this for the bathroom fan and it's working great . easy to use , just keep pressing the button and visually it fits my modern looking bathroom .
these are cool and useful . just don't forget them on overnight they will eat up your batteries . otherwise the wireless part of them is cool .
its a handly small tool to leave in your back pocket while working . it does everything it says it's supposed to do .
these work well for me when i am giving the cats a bath among other things . so i would get another pair if needed .
not much to say here , flows well and did what i expected of it and for an economical price too .
as stated , the seat it very nice and made of quality materials . it is very easy to install and easy to keep clean .
fit 1950s era door hardware perfectly . easy to install . a good replacement choice for the cost . nice , nice , nice , nice . nice .
perfect for turning an impact into a lug nut removing machine . with the quick in and out i dont have to worry about other tools
it seems like a good price , seems well constructed , curved handle minimizes scraped knuckles , the stainless steel bristles should prevent rusting .
i use these in 3 bulb ceiling fan lights . they are quite bright and produce a white light and no heat .
i like them so well , i bought another 12 pack ... you can't go wrong with the price and quality .
great addition to my tool chest . organized and no more searching for sockets . all in one place and not rolling around everywhere .
this upgrade was definitely worth the $ . you don't know how much brighter your maglight can get until you update to an led .
this light is great for general purpose around the house . i've used it just about everywhere . it's great and i recommend it .
it was as advertised and fit where i wanted to put it and offers some security for the valuables . didn't have any problems with the unit .
i use this and the fast charge / trickle charger from bit has enough power to edge both lawns , so i'm happy .
i needed a 1 " spade drill bit . same single bit cost same in big box stores as this 6 bit set .
we had some difficulty installing at first , but we re-read the instructions and it worked like a charm . good value for the money .
nothing to comment , it's performed what a screw should perform.buy this item because i need to used it for my work .
looks to be excellent product . only used them once but they are sturdy and do the job . i would recommend to others .
these new design safety beams work better than the old design . i really like them . they work like a charm .
much better than the r20 bulbs normally found in these locations . good brightness and a well downward directed light cone .
this meter could work for you to improve your electricity bill and do some purge for the bad electric device that make some waste of power.thanks .
worked great on an old ( pre - 1993 ) genie garage door opener . took me 15 minutes to install and test . battery was included .
just wanted to split one 3 prong into two but still have it be ' straight ' and not a 6 outlet or sideways . very cool
pros - holds lots , well built.cons - pockets are too narrow for me to get my hand in , and yet so short that stuff falls out of them
i have the first generation , these are expensive tools but do the job . the cutter can be had cheaper but i would stay with fein .
someone was thinking when they made this extra pair of eyes and hands.sturdy very useful tool for soldering ; making jewelry .
it works just the way a palm sander should . light and easy to use . also it is very powerful . works great .
well i haven't had an emergency carbon monoxide release to test it , but it does what it should on the test .
i got these to stock a homemade first aid / medical kit . they are perfect for easy quick use in an emergency .
very handy , nice and bright . the flexible goose neck allows you to aim the light where you want it .
i use these gloves for several different things . i like them especially when handling grease or paint . saves ya from using so many shop towels for clean-up .
i have done a few jobs with these now and i fell in love with theme now . makes crimping a lot more consistent and faster .
arrived without problems , assembled without problems , works fine . the negative reviews nearly killed the deal , i choseto ignore them .
this is what i have come to expect from schlage . high quality , perfect fit and easy . what else needs to be said ?
works like it should . and is easy to use . now all i need it a something to use it on .
this module works like it's supposed to . it's not exciting . it just turns the light on and off . i wish it were smaller .
works as described . sharpened all our kitchen knives to a razon edge in about half hour . i would reccommend it to others .
great kit . if reeder up a lot of room but more importantly i'm now organized . good construction , can wall mount
replaced defective sensor with these , problem resolved . these sensors are exactly the same as the original sensors that came with the garage door opener .
the kit had 2 items that were workable . the screwdriver and screws . the other parts did not seem to have anything to do with glasses .
good price and the other batteries lasted a long time so i think these will . we will see .
these tie-downs appear to be robust . they came quickly and appear to be as advertised . i have not had a chance to use them yet !
i don't leave home without it since i got it . more rugged than my prior victorinox . the black finish doesn't stain as much as other reviews says .
they is a great product . it is a heavy duty air hose and i've used one like this one for a couple of years with no problems .
it is as advertised . i prefer something a little better for the type of welding i was planning on doing .
cool lil pack to keep in a extra set of hand tools when you dont want to haul around your main set of tools .
good idea . lead needs to be stronger . when it breaks it really doesnt go to waste , but could stand to be stronger
better color , faster warmup , longer life than the competing brands . until leds get cheap , these are the way to go
this battery does a very good job . it puts out great power in my drill and impact driver
not much to say about " nails " . they work as i had hoped . got these and the 1 " size at the same time .
works well with our existing iron look hardware . operates smoothly and reliably . does what a door should with having to worry about it .
bought this to detect water under the house . worked flawlessly . easy to set , and easy to stop the alarm . batteries included !
recommend this blade as i use it for trim work , fine cuts very little to no chipping , great blade and appreciate the delivery so quickly .
great product , this filters last much longer than the cheap fiber filters you buy at the store.it helps utting down dust , our sneezing is down also .
used this ( and a lot of force ) to remove several axle nuts and it performed flawlessly . very tough and well-made .
i was unable to find this product at my local stores . so i was happy to find it on this site .
i always trust leviton quality and this item is no exception . i recommend this item based on the satisfactory results i have experienced with it .
a little slow and a little weak but for the price its alright . it did sink a sheetrock screw into a wood door ! !
it cuts very good for a 8 bucks import tool . recommend the tool but cutting bolts i would not . great handle and feels very comfortable .
super easy to use and spot on accuracy . very handy in a recent cable installation job , highly recommend this product
what a price , you can't be with out these . i bought 5 pairs.they are great for wood working and shooting at the range .
the best box cutters ever ! they fit in your hand smoothly and the safety clip button is so fluid . best !
having a planer to flatten my woods assures me a great finish to my work . sanding with another type of tool causes undesirable and difficult removal finish .
great product , fits perfect in the socket , and fits two bulbs without any problems . the room was filled with great lighting .
hook and loop much better than old school glue that gets dust that renders glue to be useless . these are nice and hold up quite well .
swiss army of screw drivers . good quality , precision cut tips and a nice insulated handle . must have in every tool box .
works great . fits the kreg drill guild , goes on & off easy . make's it easy to drill a pocket hole on a inside corner .
great accessory kit for the versa tool . plus it has its own storage protective case . everyone needs this assortment . great .
over the years i've owned many maglite products always finding them to be the best of the best as flashlights go .
please see my review of : progress lighting p3817 - 10 2 - light close-to-ceiling with etched ribbed glass . i have the same opinion and observations .
they are small files of every shape you might need . don't know what else to say about them . they work and i am happy to have them .
my son used it on his 99 vette ... it did a professional job . it was easy to use and it looks new now .
the best light ever for my sewing machineeasily placedvery bright and no heat to speak ofhighly reccommend over the cheap ones - that i returned
these door knobs look great on my door . my neighbor installed them and had no problem , very easy to install
item is very useful . i especially like the fact the you can set it down and adjust the light to where it is needed .
these are really nice bright little flashlights . they are very bright and easy to use for the small price . i like them .
mines came missing parts , and the remote it came with don't work , every time i put it in the water it sinks , must have gotten a fake
not bright enough for ac leak detection . pretty wimpy and poorly made light.cheap but not worth it . dose not even detect cap pee .
i'm using them for my dust hose in my shop . the hand tightener is very convenient . i need more words for my review
husband finds this very helpful . ordered another pair . seems to be study and can be used in many type of small jobs
i have several black & decker powered screwdrivers . the flat one purchased several years ago was much handier for me to use .
we use these for cutting all tubing ... copper , al and even steel conduit . they last and only part ways if someone loses them .
finally a simple device that measures both amps and volts . i was very pleased to see how accurate my charging devices actually are .
large tray in relation the drawers of the tool box . may limit storage and access of smaller drawers .
ok i guess . i messed up one maglite installing this system . not much better than what i had . just stick with the original .
gets the job done just make sure to clean the tip as suggested . reading is good , i should do it more often ;/
easy to use and durable . save your money and buy online versus your local home depot . i used the waterproof wire nuts with this product .
i like these brackets . using them for granite shelf . still holding after several months . a bit difficult to install , though .
great power , adjustments , and accuracy . this tool should last me a long time and help with alignment of my projects .
5 * roll kit . good all-round group of plier / wrench tools in a roll kit for the " carry in the truck tool bag "
thinking of getting a second unit to go with the first . it is exactly as advertised and works great . yes .
this is a great tool . i make antique cars and trucks and the precision this allows for making fenders and other parts is supurb .
i bought this light to take with me on camping and hunting trips . it is perfect for those application . very bright for my needs .
great to have a tool that makes hanging pictures easy and straight.all in one sure grip fits very nicely in my tool box .
you can hear this things power , literally . charges nicad's very well and i have got more life out of them after charging on this charger .
our old shower head could drain our ~ 80 gallon water heater in about 20 mins . this one solves that problem . works great .
this makes using my miter saw easier than ever . i've bought other kreg products and i haven't had aproblem with any of them .
easy to install , easy to clean , and comfortable to sit upon . not much more you can ask for in a toilet seat .
both alarms were easy to install . they tested properly . so far very fortunate not to hear them in the middle of the night .
fits on my craftsmen rotary tool . nice not to have to use the little wrench to clamp down on the different bits
so so so soft , can't do the job very well.ended up having to replace this item with cheap ones that works better .
very nice , come in a plastic pack , wrapped in oil paper to prevent rust . standard xacto size and shape . very very sharp . no complaints !
i use my grinder to keep my lathe tools sharp , and i use the commando grinding wheel dresser to keep the grinding wheels true . works perfectly !
bright easy to read display . very accurate reading . matches up to my fluke meter . i'm monitoring my inverter battery bank .
this is a great product for simple things . just remember you're not buying the most powerful drill .
perfectly replaced my malfunctioning existing wall button . and the buttons light up which is nice . easy to install . no complaints .
wired up easily . works fantastic . this timer turns the sign to my business on and off . great timer ! good quality .
it really is a lot more quiet than other blades . cuts smoothly , quietly , perfectly . it's all that i hoped for !
very handy set with magnetic heads . i lose less pieces with this and it is one of the few that go up to 7/16 "
multi tool stripper . if your looking for a good wire stripper , this one made my job easy . i would recommend this to others .
very innovative design ! sufficient lighting for just about any task where it can be mounted . highly recommended for mechanics and do-it-yourselfers .
great product , dims well . i did have a hard time matching the color with another regular switch . easy to install
i purchased this set to keep in my garage to tackle everything from automotive to simple home fixes . the quality has surpassed my expectations and i highly recommend .
it works well and is very well made so i have to tell you that i would buy it again in no problem
just what i wanted for our cars for emergencies , came well wrapped individual shipments as by law . we feel better having them in the cars .
i purchased this to cut small chain used for dogs . it worked great , i see myself using it for more projects in the future .
just what i needed to get into tighter areas for sanding . a little noisy and removing attachments requires placing a shaft or other object in the tool .
came home missing one piece.should be 5 pices but arrived at home 4.they did not good packing . i am not going to buy this item again .
have used a lot of nailers over the years , started with senco and im back , so far works good no jaming , smooth nailer
these spacer blocks add more versatiliy to the kreg jig system . these are a must have for any kreg jig owner .
this light is very bright and i can see why it is called a tactical light , very rugged construction . i love it !
very uniquewell made , straight , lock mechanism works very well and overall manufacturing is perfect
hi everyone , the people at dow chemical know what they are doing . this will work with your dow pro 15 dispensing gun.enjoy everyone , thomas
heavy duty , as described . easy to check wire order . straight forward to use . ratchet lock closure makes sure you have a good connection .
i am using it to run my 8,000 btu window ac . cord does not get warm , works great . i would buy another one .
i wouldn't waste your money on this 1 brush when you can buy a multi-pack for basically the same price .
this screwdriver is amazingly light yet does all you need ! i can carry it in my pocket without weighing me down like most multi-bit drivers .
the retaining ball doesn't stick out enough , so sockets will routinely fall off . a little bit of plumbers tape around the head keeps them put .
theres not much to say , its a typical dremel product . well thought out , user friendly and efficent . worth having in your shop
this is a pretty good cats claw , and the saw blade wrench is a handy item to have around .
this dewalt dw7080 extension system fit my dewalt miter saw exactly . it is well made and very strong and works great .
i purchased this chuck for the tail stock of my lathe . the chuck operates smoothly and adds to the versatility of the lathe .
pro : - very compact - good basic set of attachments - powerful suction - good valuecon : - cord could be longer - additional attachments would be nice
great color and simple , clean design . i have three of these in my refrigerator and i couldn't be happier with them .
i returned it because it was not what i wanted . yes , correct item was sent but after thinking about it ... not good if you have cats .
for the price the quality is equal to what you will pay.im satisfied with this purchase and have no negatives to add .
i have bought this product over the positives reviews . the product is sturdy , numbers in the bar are readable and the design is sharp .
purchased for my mobile tool kit . good quality and price . better quality and cheaper price than even harbor freight and i got to stay home .
i love this attachment for my saw . i have always struggled to make a straight cut with a circular saw and this makes it so easy .
bosch seems to make the best drill bits i've ever purchased . i go through a lot of them and they stay sharp longer than most .
these sockets work just fine for everything that i need to do . i also like the bar to keep them organized .
the airchuck and pressure guage are low quality , but all the fittings seems high quality . buying all of this separately would cost you around $ 50 .
good strong pry bar . dosent bend or flex at all . feels extremly solid and dependable . would deffinantly recomend for using on all kinds of apllications
this thing is cheap , reliable , and very bright . if i would have a use for them i would buy more .
the light is very bright and the battery life is awesome ! the flashlight is fairly small and compact . i would recommend
great light - i have the white and uv versions of this light - i love them both , they work great !
this is a great saw and i'm very pleased with the purchase . it does every thing i hoped it would do .
holds a charge really well , fits all my 18 volt black and decker power tools and garden tools . keeps our tools running like new .
i use both of these all the time to keep my scissors and cutlery performing like new . a really great set of products for every kitchen enthusiast .
these are something great to have in your tool box . you don't need these too often but when you do you are lost without them .
i purchased this as a gift for my brother.it arrived quickly and my brother absolutely loves it.he said that installing it was fast and simple and it works perfectly .
this little devil closed slowly so my grand son desen't loose the ability to continue the family line , looks good too .
this little benchtop planer leaves a very smooth finish and is a lot quieter than other small planers i have uses . the dust collector hood is a must .
excelent for hardwork , helpful in hand protectionmakes hardwoork easy and fast.very good toolrecomended for home use and hardwork
has like 4 levels maybe 3 then the flashing thing , this thing is a minimachine for a light . best 1
such a little powerhouse ! i originally bought this grinder to do various stonework . i have used it from grinding screws to cutting steel . such a great tool
very nice adjustable wrench . far better then the one i had before . stays at the adjusted width . large opening for multiple purposes .
been using these for years . love them . however , the big orange box sells them for less than half of this price in the garden section .
this tape works very well , i also like that it is bloack and does not stand out as much on some items like the gray .
this hook matches my other accessories perfectly . it is very sturdy and actually much heavier than i would have thought . cannot beat this hook for the price .
this a a good multi-tool at a very god price compared to box stores . been using this for a long time and it is still brand new looking .
the gatco 4685 channel single robe hook , chrome was a breeze to install and it is very sturdy . the chrome finish is very nice .
this is an excellent safety harness and i am sure it will serve me well . i would definitely recommend this harness .
fits well into my staple gun and as always a great buy , love these and also woek with my air stapler
if you do not want to drag out a 100 ' extension cord for one cut . this is the tool for you .
i have used different brands and this is by far the best shelf drilling jig ever , built in drill bushings guarantee a good clean hole every time .
we didn't know we needed it until we tried it . now won't be without it on our city water supply .
easy installation . works as described . we have had zero problems with it . we hope to never have a real fire to test it .
i could not be more happy with this dewalt 8 volt jig saw . plenty of power , easy the change the blade and variable speed . very pleased .
it really does get the job done , get really hot fast which is good thing great item thanks
this is an excellent little hammer for small chores around the house . i would recommend this to anyone . also , the nail holder is very handy !
ch air products are hard to beat for the home shop mechanic . good quality for the price . i definitely recommend .
bright , cheap and easy to use . works great , have only used indoors.you can find these in big box stores also for the same price .
so inexpensive yet so valuable when needed . just buy these for that rare event when you need one . you will not regret .
love it used it on a project i was making yesterday i would recommend this product to any serious wood worker a solid tool
works well but the spinning pieces wear down really fast , maybe need to be changed each time you use it .
looks great and my husband was able to cut it down a bit because of the space we have on our wall .
bought 5 in june 2012 , all of them still work ! but the brightness is like 25w bulbs not 65w as advertised !
superb set of drill bits that fit very nicely into a compact case that easily fits in a persons pocket . also amazon sells this for a reasonable price .
i've used an re-ordered dewalt nail products many times because of my good experiences . they work best for me on the job .
this is a real value for the money . these disks hold up well , and last a good while . highly recommended .
much better quality and hotter than cheaper irons . clever metal stand is a nice plus . just fine for light duty soldering .
been looking to get a tactical light for my sig and this was highly recommended by friends . nice and bright and not too heavy
perfect general use hammer for the " carry in the truck tool bag " + the ladies can make sense of it too .
very stiff switch . i like that it isn't loose and easy to flip up and down . easy installation like any switch . no problems
works very well , porter cables blades are over priced and hard to find locally , so this is a needed accessory .
this light is bright and the interchangeable battery is very helpful . can be propped up to direct light when needed
this is an outstanding tool for shaping wood . i bought it for carving out the seat bottom of a chair that needed repair .
i don't use this side leg very often , but when i need it , it's indispensable . great for ripping very thin pieces on the table saw .
this exceeded my expectations . i use it for a 50 - foot dog run and it lights up every corner ! easy to mount - everything is included .
this is like all the other porter cable tools i have - work flawlessly - lighter than the one it raplaced
this little guy worked perfectly every time when i made a bunch of cat 6 cables . twist it around a few times and bingo . highly recommended .
these are a nice size and sturdy looking . we use them to carry keys , etc . and they are working perfect .
arrived ahead of schedule at our remote location , in good shape and works great . local prices are higher , but these things are over-priced anywhere you go .
it is my first time working with a square , probably i should bought a small one but it works great
no more jams ! i have used this for a few months now and have had no problems what so ever .
it holds all sorts of batteries . nice tester . does the job . not happy about the minimum words required for a review .
not a bad duplicator . a little on the stiff side but i put a bit of wax on it and the pins slid better .
what more is there really to say ? good price for a us made tool that is higher quality than youll find elsewhere .
this thing is sharp . if you want to cut through wood like butter and do it precisely with minimal kerf , this is it .
works pretty good . no problems with it so far . keeps an edge . but it is too expensive . they need to lower the price
this works nicely when it works , but sometimes we've had water spills , and no alarm , even though the sensor is soaked . not sure why .
i purchased this for my new adventure into wood turning . it is well machined and works well . i would purchase this again .
the electronic charger replaces the transformer type very well . i do not know about longevity yet but the charger does not heat up .
new battery from dewalt as much as many newer drills so i tried a pair of these , work better than tired old orriginals , getting the job doen
these bits were a neccessity to add to my black and decker screwdriver . easy to use , inexpensive , and worth every penny !
i work in a casino and check money all the time , this is small enough to carry everywhere and works very well for counterfeit detection .
just be sure you get the correct model ; otherwise , you can't go wrong with this one . nothing more to say .
typical dewalt quality , this replaced my dewalt 14.4 v that was perfect for probably 20 years aaaaa + + + get one , you can't go wrong
have used this type of cord before and found it very , very convenient and safe . price & convenience of ordering it was very good .
not sure why more and more toys are using triangle screws , but these tools did the job on a nightlight i needed to replace .
it is very light and easy to carry around the house for a 70 year male . i am glad i bought it .
simple and effective ! ! help me put on the decking by myself and looking great . save time and energy.get one if you plan to work with decking .
the suction cup falls of my shower wall once a week . i will try 3m industrial 2 - sided tape . that ought to do it !
what's to say about a soft hammer ? it's well made and should last a long time doing what it's supposed to do ! ! !
the tip melted on first use . tip surface was also rough , crudely made . not a good product . advice : don't buy .
this is a great and extremely beefy pry bar . my only complaint was that it was packaged poorly and probably gave a few ups employees quite the headache .
i am pleased with this device . it's really nice to know how much juice something is taking to operate .
they work great but don't seem to last as long as i would like ! they work great if you are working on nice clean wood ! !
if you have the molle sheath you can put this on the side where the elastic is and it is firmly in place and will not move .
cant say enough about this , i would recommend this for sure , i love it
this is a handy set to keep with your impact driver . they do the job and at a fair price .
this faceplate fills a definite need in my shop . i could use a few more of them . the small diameter was very much needed .
this was a christmas gift . he has used it for several years and is happy with it as far as i know
it's a hammer . it's rubber . it's a rubber hammer ! i hit things with it , and the things move . its great .
very small and light but with excellent range . it is pretty easy to program and comes with a removable visor clip .
cleans up with isopropyl alcohol on a q-tip . easy to dispense . cap locks on tight . can't say more about this produce .
makes more noise than another fan that i have that has the same rating but seams to run fine otherwise .
this seemed to work nice for a little while , but then it would chew through batteries like nobodys business . good idea but this did not work
this is my second such light ... very easy install , enough light to see your way in dark areas ... no problems so far .. recommended ...
lots of screws but not as many as you might think . once you get to using these , they have a tendency to go quicker than you think ...
turns on dim dusk to dawn , motion activates bright light . perfect for outside a door . works perfectly ! i recommend this .
this si not a replacement for a tail vise but it is a great replacement for the generqal purpose clamping . super quick and powerful .
it works exactly like any other you can buy from home depot or lowe's at 50 % more and without the driving if you have prime .
fit nicely on my key ring . one aaa cell powering a led . should last a long time and be rugged . i like it ...
this tape is a nice size and is very smooth working . the button is great for retracting at a smooth rate .
doesn't seem very well made , too lightweight and bends too easy . bypass this item and get the gerber shard keychain tool instead .
feels solid , works great . as far as a mallet goes , top notch . couldn't imagine a better one . highly recommend if you're a woodworker .
i already had the batteries so i just needed the light , but wow what a nice flash light . for the money you cant go wrong .
i wanted a mini-ratchet for a travel toolkit & this is perfect . i added this to a metric tip assortment & extension .
chances are there is a c cell inside it , a quality rechargeable d would weigh close to 16 ounces and 14,000 mah . [ ... ]
i just got this set for working on the volkswagen and its good been using it for awhile and no problems .
it appears to be a good product . i am satisfied . i would recommend . hope this review helps others to decide.brad
i love this item because it turns my security light in the morning when the sun comes up ! & then i don't waste power
good variety bit set . gives you most every general bit you will need . quality is pretty good for this set .
looks good and does the job . i bought several moen products for bathroom remodel and am pleased with all of them .
what can one say about filters . these seem to work well and would recommend to anyone who needs filte . good price
worked great to start with but you can see the edges that grip wearing down , do not know how long they will be good for
package is good , price is right and quality is very good.no jams , as good as brad nails can be .
i got these for my sister . her hands have arthritis , so with tes she can use them to pick up small stuff .
i have the drill but about once a year the battery needs to be replaced . this fits perfectly and is half the price of box stores !
all i can say is for my mini mag the bulb went and this came quickly to my door and the price was better then home depot.perfect replacement .
i'm using it a lot , mainly drilling concrete walls . doing a good job so far , great value for the money .
i highly reccomend . very well made product & makes changing out the router bits a breeze .
i use this for trimming door jams , small trim jobs . great for removing excess material on the small cars i make .
this is a replacement for a hand me down i had . works very well . i have not had any issues at all .
this works really good . the mineral traces shine bright and they're easy to spot even in daylight . i'll report later what happens during a field trip .
good allen set for the price , comes in a nice case and all of mine fir as they should . sears use to sell these for much higher price
weak magnetic holding power ... if u use a # 2 phillips bit to drive screws in it , it will not hold the screw ... don
the stanley ez protect power cord protection connector does its job protecting cords connection . it appears sturdy and durable . time will tell ...
yes these brackets are useful , but i would prefer that they would be made out of a metal construction . mine have nearly broke after just several years .
twice , i never got to use this tool because they came severely damaged from shipment . the inside packaging is so weak the heavy tool is easily broken .
caulking around the house could strain the arm muscles . this unit comes in handy with a portable air compressor . besides , the price is right !
this is a simple knife that comes with storage and extra blades included . retractable blade for when you are not using it .
placed on doors in bathroom for hanging robes on . matches faucets and towel racks . looks great in my bathroom remodel .
my house came with this nasty looking huge garage door opener for my car . i was embarrassed to have it in my car.this is perfect and works far .
these cut very well and quickly . much better than expected . i will be purchasing more of this product . very easy to install and stable .
works great for hunting scorpions . best light i have tried so far , but keep fresh batteries in it . and the service was great also .
excellent bulbs great price can't beat this deal if you tried too and believe me i did try to beat this deal ...
we were looking for an emergency light that used multiple sources of energy . this one does and is bright enough to easily read with .
this is so much better than the nylon units that normally come with leatherman units . it is well made , good leather , and a class act .
i rate the blanco bl441092 decorative basket strainer , biscuit it is a fine looking product and of good quality and value
my new house has low water pressure , this fixed the problem , i am buying one for all the bathrooms as we speak . huge difference !
i returned this along with the dewalt router . nothing wrong with it , it just didn't need it without the deaalt router .
what i like about it most is that when the tape is pulled out it locks its self so that you can work with it .
if the bag works it'll be even better . i'm guessing it does . i like it . great value and lots of power .
worked out of the box ! ! ! for the price a sure winner ! ! !
i have only used the caulking gun one time but it worked very well . i really like the no drip feature .
i've used this in the past and absolutely love it . it protects my drains and keeps all kinds of stuff from going down and stopping it up .
a great tool to have when cutting crown molding . to bad it's made kind of cheesy because it clasps to easy.but it's still a very useful tool .
well-made tool that does what it's supposed to do . a little pricey , but i'd buy it again .
i'd say i expected a little higher quality . but it is ok for the money . had to modify the mount for my sink .
this tool has a great feel in your hand and looks great . i use it to sharpen my crown card scrapers and it serves that purpose extremely well .
these are amazingly low wattage and tiny , but don't put out enough light for me to use in my outdoor low voltage lights .
love the bag ! hold my drill and drill bits . i only hoped it was a bit bigger but i really like this bag .
okay , but not quite as bright as i expected . come on , add some lumens ! duh ... six more words required > ooboleon eriivneriyr
amazing kit for amazing price , i'd only like to see more reinforced cut-off discs included , instead of general ones .
this is a excellant product . seems to be bullet proof . i have 3 of these and wouldbuy the same exact item if needed .
not much to say . good quality hose at a great price , and made in the usa . can't do better than that .
great fixture for the money . have in the laundry room . works great and looks good too . 5 stars . 5 stars .
i been cutting my 80 pine trees on a property , this this used with a nylon strap guide my felling path . buy
nice wide beam of light . fairly light weight and seems very durable . the little carabineer clip on end is nice touch .
great product to use in tight places that allow easy access with the required support to maintain a secure handle when using .
my outdoor flood lamp holders were too narrow at the base for cfl lamps.these are just long enough to move them out past the skinny part near the socket .
the angles are not fixed the tubing sizes are . well made but for a lot less you can find basically the same thing by other companies .
very versatile tool and the size can deceive some that it may not be durable but this one does the job wonderfully
easy to install.test mode speaks to you.great for just outside of kitchen.good bargain price.lets you know when the battery fails .
thought this worked great until it died after only one year . i just wish i could find a remote that works .
it is amazing how many things can be repaired and tacked together with brads . this is a good assortment to buy as you figure out the uses .
what can i say , its a genuine makita battery and works as it should . no problems so far , and iabuse em daily and professionally
this xtreme xtension sure makes changing bits a lot easier ! ! no more having to work with two wrenches and standing on you head to change a bit !
bought this for my front door . so-far ... i really love it . not hard to install and set-up and works as advertised .
we are on well and my wife says she can feel the difference esp in her hair . i do think it works well .
if you use a bird mouth bit these extra angle plates allow the bessey clamp to be use for up to a ten sided work piece .
small and compact , quick and easy to use , fits anywhere . makes tool set quick and repeatable , a great addition to my shop
solid adapter that will reduce the fitting size to a garden hose or higher capacity pump hose . so far so good .
this product is great . it is plenty bright and has the extra plug built into it . the re-tractor works great and its built solid .
i have this bag on my dw708 and i have found it works best inverted with a slight tilt . a wider catch inlet would be an improvement .
this was perfect to use threads went right into the drain plug on the merc . or ford sealed 5r55w tranny .
great little set to have around the house . the case is a little ify but it works . worth the money so id suggest it .
finally maglite has perfected the handheld torch . a bit more power would be better though . can't wait until we can get the xl 200 in australia
all starrett tools are works of art , and this is no exception . beautifully made , and accurate ! a delight to have in the toolbox .
i purchased this unit to replace the one installed with my alarm system . it is a direct replacement and has worked with no issues .
this is a awesome edc flashlight . it illuminates very low to very high output with a twist of the magnetic bezel . great quality from sunwayman .
needed this for a decorative light fixture . it has been burning now non-stop for two years . i am very pleased with this item .
i've read some skepticism on these things but mine have worked flawlessly . i would recommend them any day ! great buy
one of those tools that becomes your go-to tool once you own one . made building my deck a much faster job .
my son says these are very nice . i bought them for his birthday at a good price , so i'm happy too .
the saw feels good in my hand and the blade is heavy duty and doesn't bend like other cheaper saws .
more comments are correct here , these work well but they seems to be much made out of much thinner material than before .
these are standard bulbs and work just fine ! :) my lamp shot them out because it was defective .. but it had nothing to do with the bulbs .
plastic scraper just simply does't work . the plastic is soft and after minutes of use it's so dull it can be trashed . use a razor blade .
a razor blade that is extended fourth 6 inches away from the hand street will use : helpful with that finally curved end
yup . good one ! typical options and flexibility to program weekdays and weekends differently .
i purchased a 2nd one after putting one in on the back side of the house , work great easy to adjust .
one of those must have accessories that just fits with the ladder . truly a safe way to keep your tool up on the ladder with you .
this is my favorite entry set for my rental properties . easy to install and easy to use . love the flex_lock feature .
just know this is the old style hard plastic , not the newer nylon material . also slightly undersized compared to some brands .
if you do much of the kreg work , you will need the longer one more often than the short one . seem to be good quality .
threw this away and went locally and bought a hunter light fixture . you get what you pay for i guess
dies not restrict the flow of water pressure and the quality of the water from the shower head has vastly improved !
nice little tool , just as pictured and just as described , it works as instructed and is compact and will easily stow away for an emergency
this product is an absolute waste of money i can use my finger and do a better job all it does is make a mess
i like this set a lot . i like that they are quick change with the hex ends which keeps the bits from slipping
extra set , came free with an air nailer . keep around for extra helpers . small pockets but strong construction
not much to say about this lamp except that it works as designed , looks good , and should last a long time .
until i can find an led lamp for my 6d maglite , this is the best . fast shipping .
the light is very handy for the tool box . it is bright works good clipped on the pocket the magnate also makes it handy
these bits work great and are universal for any medium . i've used them on sheet metal and they zip right through with ease . good buy
powerful drill . i use it all the time . handles any job i take on .
tin my opinion , these belts work well for my needs , they hold up ok , and that's all i can ask for
these replace the hook and loop pads that come on the original disk . these are peel and stick pads and they work great .
easy to set and easy to use . better that the analog version since they are not impacted by power interruption to the outlet .
the handle makes it much easier to pull the plug out of the receptical , especially if plugged into and extension cord .
this knife was smaller than expected ( i should have read the demensions ) and doesn't have one-handed opening . gerber makes great knives .
if hex key becomes damaged or broken all you have to do is replace the hex key part and unit is ready to go . nice set .
you will look dumb in one of these but the light and lenses are perfect adjustment straps are very effective
this is another item that is a compliment to the electric saw purchased . a blade or so has already became bent , giving way to another blade .
i bought two of this .. working great so far .. what else should i say .. and it is one of the cheapest but good quality .
very bright , but battery does not last very long . nice to have charger and extra battery . very compact and good for pocket
why bother with dykes , this will cut so much more and with ease . i cut small bolts all day long and it is still sharp .
my first calipers and dial indicator . both work fine as far as i can discern . price can't be beat . what's to complain about ?
took about 2 minutes to trim to perfect size . great price for item versus custom made from mnfctr - wish i had ordered 2
works fine easy to install a little frustrating adjusting the door i would recommend going this way before buying a new opener .
this shower head keeps water in the shower . it is awesome . not a lot of water pressure but works just fine for me
works great for / on two door garages . setup using interior controls is a breeze and eliminates geting out a step ladder . try this method first !
i bought this to sand the bottom of a large sailboat . it worked great , and the attached little dust collector bag actually collected the dust !
this is a very sturdy light that is also very bright . the price is very good compared to tactical lights .
it is good stuff so far ... crew drivers could be better , but i like the way it looks and sits in your hand
i got this item for my old sears garage door opener . model 139.5362 6sr . used lubriplate on all gears.delivered within a week . great price .
works pretty good haven't really had the much rain but so far seems to be all good . assembles very easy
i read some of the reviews about this product stating that they can spark or burn up . this has not been my experience as of yet .
i have not had to use this yet . i purchased it as a spare fuse for my fluke 87v meter .
i need it for my werner ac19 - 2 extension ladder which was bought before i found out i needed it .
this looks great in our newly remodeled bathroom . nice quality too . it is very bronze but not black . happy with this purchase .
i just love these bird stickers . i have been looking for bird stickers of different sizes and these worked beautiful .
i chose these tools because of the repretation they have for quality . i especially like the larger grips . this makes easier to hold .
i bought this flashlight to use for hunting ... when you are trailing blood in the dark you need a very bright light ... this one does it
good unit . not so huge and some of the others . have bought two units , one for the office and one for home .
i have just about every tool kreg makes for pocket hole jointing . yes it is mostly plastic , but it is sturdy and it works great .
perfect for the dogs at night to do their thing along the fenceline ! they detect the dogs and provide enough light for them to see where they're going .
this air hose is perfect for on the job , it works great in cold weather and does not kink up or is hard to move like most hoses
you do not need nor you want to have any chance of getting electrical shock outside or water ruining your connection and corroding your plugssafe and cost evective
this lock is thin and easy to use , colorful too . it was also idiot-proof to set . it's perfect for the gym and a good weight .
dial just spun around for the sensitivity setting and it never did work properly . too much trouble to send it back .
nice touch for extra counter lights . simple install the strips have glue or tape to stick to underside of cabinets
this was almost a worthless purchase . it made my fan hum so badly i was afraid it would damage it ! would not recommend ..
good product as i needed a 50 ft electrical cord for my 4 amp electric weed trimmer ; it is flexible but sturdy and does the job
i bought this as part of my survival gear . i think this is a must have in your bugout bag .
mine was missing the bolts to mount the vise to it plus there were no bolts to mount the base to a bench . plenty heavy enough though .
battery as described and works as it is designed . i have recharged it a couple of times and it seems to do very well . time will tell .
this little guy is pretty cool , i use it to setup the action on my guitars and it works great .
it removes caps better than that double-hook contraption on the end of many wine-openers and is much faster than using pliers .
every one needs this , super bright and very comfortable.recharges fast and get several hrs . on a charge.used for crawl space work and is great cos of light adjustments
i am very glad to get this and it fits where i needed something like this , so i am very satisfied .
installed easily with just a screw driver . works well also can be unlocked from the outside with dime . would purchase again .
brought this lock to be used with a 2gig alarm system . easy to install and setup . i would highly recommend
good quality heater .. i would recommend it to a friend .. it does help to first burn off the stink ... i am happy with it
the brass centering bushing they give for smaller arbor is worthless . my blade never runs true . chatters alot and makes clean cuts difficult
they last for years in harsh environments ( i work in a factory that builds tanker ( rail ) cars ) . we have these all over .
this drill is one of the best little drills you can buy , the batteries charge fast and they last a long time compared to other drills i own .
this is a good price on this light . i have trouble with shadows were i live , so i need the extra help of the light .
good quality and value . we use these a lot and the dewalt seems to hold up better than most . very convenient carrying case ..
i have purchased several different sizes of these blades . they seem to last very well when cutting hardwood and line up well on the bandsaw wheels .
there is one street light and two of these light up my front area perfectly . saving energy and keeping bugs away .
i really like these things and the added flexibility you get to have both devices and furniture where you want them .
my shower water seemed to have too much chlorine and sometimes smelled of sulfur.since i have started using these filters , i have not had any more problems .
i love these tools - the 2-3 times per year when nothing else will do the job !
the way that the sandpaper mounts to this is very easy . you can hook it up to a shop vacuum system too .
works as stated . needed a meter that had backlight feature . works well so far . would buy again .
i use this in our camper to rinse the dishes . it saves on the water consumption . i love it and would recommend it for household use too !
the knife is great ; the leather holster is ... not . save some money and get just the knife here : sheffield 12115 premium folding lock-back utility knife
i make walking sticks and wands for which this is a great help . would be nice if it was a bit cheaper though .
this flashlight works well . i gave it to my husband on his birthday and he loves using it . it is really great that it is rechargeable .
i don't think it is safe to breath these propane fumes . the heater even smells like propane when it is lit .
this tissue holder is well made and well designed . it is also very well priced , considering the other ones out there of lesser quality .
i am very sceptable of buying expensive electronics online . and this drill has been used hard every day . it is durable , reliable drill
this is the cheapest that i've found this part . it worked perfectly when i installed it . worth the money . thanks .
i'm sure these will work excellent when the need arises . high quality considering the low price.now i just have to remember that i have them .
just as described . highly recommend these lights they are a good value for the money , and do the job adequately .
these is such a nice lock and you don't have to worry about lock bumping ... it is very high quality and i like it very much
this is great ! exactly what i needed - lights up the doorway when we come home or leave . swivel allows you to change light angle if needed .
this closer works really good . its nice when you have stuff in your hands , you can just tap it and the door holds . easy to install
i recevied item in great condition . these work so good i bought six of them cause my co-works liked it also . great price too .
it's very bright , sturdily built , and uses a rechargeable battery that you can rip out of old laptop batteries . what is there not to like .
the grizzly multi-purpose vise is one of the most useful tools i have ever owned . clamping anything from pipe to rifles . i recommend this product to all .
these are great for using sockets with a cordless drill . very handy to have and way better than nut drivers .
does all it says it will do . i am not a fan of the 3x aaa's but it was a good purchase .
nice package of 2 applicators . it makes it possible to have a new applicator for the next time you use your mequiar's was .
these little flashlights are great . well designed light weight . i bought 2 paks and will most likey buy another for our cars .
bought to complete my weller surface mount setup . this handy gadget is recommended as necessary for aligning surface mount components
due to poor eyesight , require strong light for reading - this bulb is working very well . i will buy more of these
finally , a pin vise that you can hang on to while it firmly holds on to the drill . no slipping of handle or drill with this tool !
this thing actually works . it lives in my backpack and comes in very handy when i need a spoon or fork .
have this outside next to a side door entry and provides enough light to unlock door and walk off steps .
it's nice having the right-sized screwdriver . i use these for everything , but for one it reduces the risk of stripping screws in computers .
crosscuts in pine with no splintering . crosscuts in oak with no splintering . simply the best .
it cuts concrete pavers like butter . it creates a lot of concrete dust . wear goggles and a mask . five stars on this product .
i installed this little unit and have enjoyed taking out the guess work of hoping i hit the right spot for the cut , especially when cutting crown molding .
this lamp is on a minimum of 9 hours a day . so far no issues , just the right amount of light when working at night .
i have three pair now . one pair did get laid down on the surface and now has some annoying scratches on the screen .
buy them while they're still legal.nice light , good color.these medium base bulbs are perfect for lighting . they last a long time and provide beautiful lighting .
non functional right out of the box . no light whatsoever after hooking it up and replacing a previous light fixture . poor quality control .
hi , what can i say it is a garage door opener , but a good one at that . my last 973lm lasted for 15 years . jay
they worked well and triggered with 3 degrees of when they were supposed to , i didn't have a single problem with them and would recommend them to anyone
failed in about 5 weeks . worked fine prior to that . not sure i can recommend this product due to unreliability .
i have several kreg products and like them all . this one doesn't disappoint . built in storage for the bit , adjustable width and super easy to use .
these result in solid joints . the number you get is good for the price . this is the biscuit size that i use the most in my projects .
we use this battery tester for all the bateries in our household . it works simply and well .
i like how light it is . however , when every sixth nail or so gets jammed in the gun it makes a carpenter very frustrated . unacceptable performance .
its sturdy and will do all it says it will do but i like the cheaper one better for holding nails . im putting screws in this one
are those your jumper cables rusting and slopped in your trunk ? clean up your act , get organized , keep those cables clean and ready to use .
i've only used this a few months so far but it has been perfect . it installs easily and looks very good .
bench tested it against known / calibrated torque specs and it was spot on . nice weight , easy to read , nice distinct " click " .
powerful sander at a great price ! more for the diy guy rather than a general contractor .
got this to run my humidifier during the winter months . i works great and i haven't had any problems with it .
i use this mallet to fairly regularly . works well for the purposes i selected . does not scratch the metal , works gently with brass .
this crow bar is a very bright yellow and very , very strong . it has some weight but does the job .
swivel-plugs allow pushing furniture close to the wall while protecting the cables plugged into the outlets . usb chargers are bonus . great product . will buy again .
does exactly what it claims and does it well . have used it for several months as a licensed contractor , without a problem . go for it .
these nails work great with my new dewalt d51276k nail gun and , so far , have not jammed up at all .
comes with a box of staples and a little storage case . worked great to upholster a chair and the storage case was a nice touch .
well made , fits well , and agility with fingers is pretty good for such thick leather . agility should only get better with use .
as this is a single use item there isn't much to say about it other than it's very well made . a no worry buy .
kids like to play with these and so far they have worked without a problem , this includes the wee little remote control that comes with it .
can a well-warrantied product which looks good work even better ? yes ! this is a great unit , with a low price . go for it .
the covers look great but the seem to fade over time.if you are looking for a modern look - this works well !
i needed a 1 1/4 inch by 8tpi so i couldn't use this faceplate . there was nothing wrong with this .
worked as advertised . comfortable grips and smooth operation . kreg has larger pads than other clamps . the reach is perfect for my clamps job .
after using the flashlight a few times two of the batteries will not hold a charge any more ... really ? its only been 2 months ..
bought it used it once it worked never used againdont know if it will hold up to daily use or not but it does work
not bad . i have another pair i purchased from hf tools that have a better point and are easier to use
i bought this to primarily use in cutting the door casing on our bathroom tiling project . this worked like a champ .
this stop is just an added degree for ease of adjustment . it makes slight moves easier and more consistently than using a clamp and stop block .
easy to lose the balance . and the other con is the metal hand is so strengthy . i really afraid my pcb hurt by them .
if you want the best - here it is . worth every penny . used it to help level ground for pool .
looks good , easy to install , easy to use , seals perfectly . i am happy with this purchase and would highly recommend this item .
i have been using these for a few months and i love them . easy to grip and manuever . then again its a pretty simple tool .
used extensively in tile and worked like a charm . be sure to use low speed of you will ruin a great set of bits
great flag .. very well built , full of color . exactly what we were looking for in replaceing our old faded flag .
this variety pack is great , i have several different brad nailers and these work in all of them , great product
good machining , wrench maintains size . shifter is not too tight or loose . no surprises , will buy again . does not scratch bathroom fixtures .
it's the smallest opener controller i have ever seen , it has excellent range and reliability . no complaints to report at this time .
great lite at an awesome price . the quality i expected from streamlight but the price was amazing . is just what i needed
it is useful because i was always trouble to open packets . i like it . thanks amazon . i recommend to others people .
i bought this model after problems with the two button model i tried first . this one works great , and i recommend it highly .
this is a great remote control unit . price was right compared to others i have looked at . easy installation with good instructions .
i carry it in my car so it seldom is used . it seems to hold the charge well enough though .
this is a great way to get the batteries and charger . i loved the brightness so i bought another flashlight later without the battery , works great
very nice gun with lots of power and reliability ! the re-design of this gun is great and more efficient . paslode hits the bulls-eye again !
the magnet fell out of the 6 " 7/16 nut driver . so it can still be used but will not hold steel screws .
this is great for jobs around the house . its easy to use , comfortable , light weight and gets the job done .
covers the welder with slots for the cables making the covering and removal very quick
nicely designed and works well . some real thought was put into this . i like the dark blue , which hides most paint and stains .
i have used it a little but find it slows me down , so i only use it when i really need the clamp .
resistant and accurate scales , its a little small , but that is what i bought , so , just for small projects , mostly ...
this remote looked good but did not work as i selected the incorrect remote , so returned it , nothing wrong with it .
saw works great . it makes tight turns easily and with the correct blades makes a smooth cut . needed this a long time
from broken touch lamp to working again . easy installation and the product works better than the original dimmer that came in the light .
excellent choice of worm drive saw . the direct connection feature makes it much easier to use than one where it is necessary to juggle two cords .
very well put together piece of equipment . sturdy , nice looking and works great . i love using this and makes me feel a lot safer
drilled one hole in beam ( almost ) before it busted . may be sturdy enough to drive a screw but locked up after 1 1 " hole
mounted easily to my tile shower wall and holds the hand shower perfectly . matches the other delta accessories perfectly . no complaints .
moves a lot of air through the 6 inch outlet and very quiet compared to the other fans in my house . well worth the money .
i have used this for about 6 months . no problems so far . works well . nice to have the longer hose to cover the entire garage .
excellent for keeping your oregano within reach without creating suspicion while getting your registration and proof of insurance from the glove compartment
great repair kit for mansfield frost free hose bib . takes care of all the leaks one might experience in repair the mansfield hose bib .
i wish the beam went to a a round beam not a box look and have it hook on ur pocket
a well made little flashlight that is very bright for its size . i am happy with it .
same tapered bits as dewalt or fuller but for a lot less ... i have bought a bunch of these over the past few years ...
this is a nice set . i already had these items but the set was such a good price i couldn't resist .
i used this to store small tools around my workbench . they easily attach and remove and stays in place until needed .
i have used it for about six months and can't believe you can get this quality for this price .
use this for lug nuts with ease , as well as the large hub nut holding on the wheel bearing . i am very glad i purchased this .
i purchased this replacement filter through amazon for my aprilaire humidifier . it was by aprilaire , easy to install and works great . will by again .
too faithful to the basic features.neunde tighten the nut so easy to use.it can carry around in your pocket .
i compared it to other store brand such as " w___t " . amazon was cheaper then so i bought it . works great .
trims vinyl with ease but trimming wood banding sometimes splits the wood because of the grain and the type of wood is also a factor .
i received this product and within 5 minutes i had it programmed and working great . this remote is much quicker to respond that the original garage door remote .
this is a super light that i use as a worklight and general use around the house . very convient
not much to say except they are very fine tipped and seem to be of good quality . i would recommend .
this is a great scraper which can pick up on many different surfaces . it is especially helpful in removing those pesky sticky price labels on items .
this is what you need to connect your 2 1/2 hose to typical 2 1/4 fittings . works well as intended .
this is exactly what i wanted . it seems well built and stays in whatever position i put it . nice lamp .
outstanding blade by freud , , , i call it " mr . ripper " really outstanding , i use it on my bosch 4100 table saw .
just like everything that incra makes , all of you that do any kind of measuring need to buy one of these ! ! !
this is a great product , but the flaps are cheesy and i had to cut out and add a screen to keep out bees ...
these blades are as good as any other you can find . they stay sharp a long time and can be resharpened . they last for years .
very easy to use , it's just as pictured and it's just as described , all you need is a hammer and tap into place
i agree with the others . wonderful product . would recommend . you definitely want a good clamp to use with it .
it works ok . i was expecting a little more power but i guess ill have to spend a little more for that .
i have three of these and i am enjoying the benifits . they really do work , it takes time for people to get adjusted to the difference ..
i've only had this since april ( 1 month old ) , but works as advertised , and very good price , even compared to local stored .
work well for me since i have it , hope it last another year or so since material not tough enough for moving the hose around .
nice and lightweight . plenty bright . affordable . i have it mounted on my ar - 15 . will purchase another to mount on my 870 .
door bell is thoughtful . i do not need to change battery . only the signal sender need a battery . but not the receiver
always wanted one of these dremel tools and is very handy for small projects only this tool will do . even to sharpen a wood saw blade .
truly super sized . very sturdy . need a good strong drill to keep it turning in the grout .. does the job .
a very handy bag for keeping nuts , bolts , and screws separate and clean . fits easily into a 5 gallon bucket .
a good addition to the default blade you get with the miter saw . a must if you are doing molding .
quite plz'd with how these work . not all wireless switches work well , but these do and the pricing is very reasonable .
i would reccomd these nails for anybody who owns a nial gun to use on thier next project , buy now .
used them to staple attic foil to the rafters in the attic . no problem and it worked fine . good price .
makita makes good stuff . this light is positionable , lots of light and will stand on its own . no need the third hand you wish you had .
this was one of the few templates that would work with metric sized pulls . this has been borrowed by our friends all the time !
this is identical to the sheath that my multitool came with . i wish they came in all black , but am otherwise very happy with my purchase .
this is a nice little light that works great . it's bright and works good with the motion detection . would be nice if it faded in and out .
these are great , leave it on all the time and never worry about it . wife never noticed i changed it , very soft yellow glow . would recommend
this could be a lot stronger with all the rare earth magnets available today . it's still a handy tool just could be better .
oh , the beauty of a nice hand tool ! like most wiha tools , this stubby is well made and the grip fits the hand quite well .
this puppy can save your fingers whenever cutting wood on your table saw . not using it for long thinner rips is just asking to get hurt .
it has great power to cut everything.but it's noisy by the fast speed . but it's acceptable . and this is the most cheap one .
these work just as described , dim light dusk to dawn , and then motion turns on bright light . perfect for over outside entrance doors .
these worked the first night . second night they were dead . other than the fact that they don't work , they seem to be well-built and all ...
this light works great especially when you factor in the price . the focus works great and the high low and flash setting is a nice extra .
these are high quality with wires that are thick and sturdyi'm very happy with the purchase . i never seem to have enough of these .
wasn't sure these would make it to me without breaking , but they were packed extremely well and they work flawlessly !
these nail were very easy to use . they loaded easy & never jammed.the plastic collates were all good . i also like number of nails in the box .
mine didn't work .. followed instructions and suggestions and tested in many different areas and with different bulb types and wattages .
wrote another review on these lights before so i will keep this one brief . they are awesome , solid , and bright !
another set of tools for every tool box . extension lengths will meet your average needs . a second set can be useful .
easy to install , come complete with hardware and allen wrench . well made at a fair price , fast shipping , overall a good value .
you can use a jig saw in a way that you would otherwise need a second type of tool to finish the job .
like this gun for the price : have not used it , but hope to one day . [ purchased for future use .
good variety of sockets , a sturdy case and solid construction . not much more you can ask for considering the price .
most likely my own fault for not reading the description as well as i should have . small angle magnets . great for small jobs and work as intended .
this has been the best i have used . it will outlast 3m by 2 to 1 . i highly recommend it .
had planted peas in a brick flower / divider wall / staked then wrapped around area with 4 - fold for now / so easy to work with also /
this thing is great ! the crobar work well and is high quality material . paracord well wraped snd compass i's of good quality
lightweight and easy to read . i use this to square up some woodworking projects . works great and i would recommend .
when i received it , i was impressed ! great price , heavy duty and works great ! you won't be sorry . love the carrying case !
this is a great idea , and it's fairly easy to install and remove tools once you get the hang of it .
love this switch - easy to install and streamlines the counter top . the air switch is well made and looks beautiful on our composite quartz counter top
if you have ever wondered what angle to hold your knife blade while sharpening it . this is for you . the price paid is worth the knowledge .
works like it should gives you everything you need to paint so get started all the stuff you need is right here !
this bulb is used in a photography tent to shoot objects needing great light . it is energy saving and does a great job .
have put most of this pack through my p / c staple gun with no issues , no double feeds , no jams . worked great .
great little cutter . especially helpful in tight spaces . easy to use . made in usa . what else should i expect for $ 19 ?
zwave controllable 3way light switch . i have several of these , they work great and it's really nice to work from my iphone
this is a fine wood glue with a nice dispenser cap that makes it easy to squeeze out the glue without prying away dried-up bits .
modernizes your old maglite , batteries last a really long time and it's much brighter . the push button is nice because you can keep your preset focus .
very bright and easy to adjust . best value i have found , bought a second one .
pulled out a small amount of hair , but otherwise seems to have made the clog worse . a waste of money .
works well in our 8 light bathroom fixture and matches the others . there was a very slight + difference in luminosity .
it is acceptable for what i use it for / home workshop use / for more extensive use , one should spend more for a more sensitive meter
this little machine does its job , has held up well , is easy to carry around , and would be hard to improve upon . no regrets here .
workings well on low amp machines with extremely good penetration . use for thin or light steel components or sheet metal .
had to call customer service when i first installed it just to getting working well . no problems . takes a little getting used to .
overall its awesome .. built well and fits my dewalt 18v hammer drill great no complaints other then the price .
as advertised , great buy at initial price , but i am not buying more until the price comes back down .
this is exactly what i was looking for . i do love the different sounds and the feature for changing the tone . easy to install .
i use this arm to extend the shower head to the very to of the shower ceiling . it makes a real rainstorm with he proper head .
overall good hold power and easily adjusted with positive lock.could use longer hold-down stud for better or at least more situations .
love that i can charge the flashlight for camping or the shop vac also . i will most likely get some more dewalt stuff that runs off this battery
bought two of these for mag lite flashlights and they charge quickly and hold their charge for a long time.good product and highly recommended .
had it a year and so far no cons . would recommend set if you work in construction because of the 15 pieces .
only used it once but a life saver on a large cabinet with adjustable shelves holes are perfectly aligned and at the proper depth
orderd this to save in case of emergency to eat . it's heaver than it looks . you could live longer than 3 days on that .
well constructed lb . easy to install and program . i've used these routinely in my real estate sales business and never had one fail .
typically high schlage quality . i always buy this over any other brand . smooth function and nice finish . easy to install .
great tool for many small jobs you need to complete around the house or on the construction site . everyone needs .
in this case you get what you pay for . feels cheap . don't bother unless you don't care about having cheap disposable tools .
this is a very handy tool . i fix computers and sometimes screws fall into places that i can't rich . this is small and works great .
i installed these lights in just a few minutes with no problems at all . the sensors are quite effective and overall i am very pleased .
perfect ! offers just enough " cool " light on my desk and does not glare on the computer screen . great desk lamp .
these are extra abrasives for the ws 3000 , they work just a advertised . they are a great addition if you will be using the sharpener often .
very smooth operation and solid construction for my use on a jet mini lathe . cost is well below competitors for a great value .
these compact florescent have been working great around the house . unlike some these come on instantly and are usually at full brightness within around a minute .
this unit is just the right size to be efficient , while discreet ; and it takes up very little wall space .
these are great . i had the first pair for over a year before the yellow temple inserts started to come off .
nice little bag to haul around small tools for a small job . i was pleasantly surprised to find the 2 stripes besides the stanley label is retroreflective .
this is a very good tool for miter saw , since is wide enough to support all kinds of material widths .
i would not have bought this if i had known it required another $ 50 for the battery.it really sux .
the materials are cheap but adequate for many purposes . you get what you pay for and the light is ok for my needs
good quality , nice selection of bits for impact ready accessory set . i would recommend dewalt products if you are looking for bits that last .
easy to install and has a seperate battery compartment for easy backup battery change . very sensitive not recommended for kitchen area unless ventilated .
what can one say ? a 4x5 pad shipped in a padded envelop by slow-mail . i needed it and this was available . i am satisfied .
you might have to adjust the mounting of the switches for a proper fit , but this is a good looking cover
worked fine for a few charges but then the springs holding the batteries in place lose their ability to keep batteries in the charger andalso lose connectivity .
one of the nicer pro-quality pliers out there . if you are ok with the price . otherwise - look for the gearwrench insulated tools .
received the belt and put it on and the vibration went away instantly . i would recomend this belt to anyone who is having vibration problems .
looks great and good price ! 3 select-able currents and protects from overcharging and from memory effect for nimh batteries . definitely would buy again if needed .
don't waste your money . buy a coast ! the housing on the coast is a lot more stronger than the nebo .
this product is a bit heaver duty than i expected given the price . it was a very pleasant surprise . having the light on it is very helpful .
used this for christmas lights outside , works great and the reach is long ways . good simple kit to use for up to 10amps
cheap replacement but had a couple die on me . what do you expect for low price made in ? ? stuff .
works great . doesn't drip back like the one i got from home depot years ago . very happy with it . yeah !
for setting up router , tablesaw , drill press what ever works great and saves time . i almost never have the case closed .
i don't like it ! i looooove it ! so amazing tiny that is impressive how powerful can be ! ! supersuggested for everyday use ! ! !
i bought these to go with the following rings : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b002l7whguworks very well ! i used them to join some hardware cloth in my garden . a +
this little tool is very handy to keep on a keyring or in a pocket . it does the job efficiently .
seems a bit flimsy . will protect your face but i don't know how long it will last . that's what you get for $ 10.99 .
this works well , not alot of light but if you want to highlight something small at night then this is for you
very cool bulbs and energy effecient . that's good . much lighter than the regular bulbs that i took out . a bit dissapointed it that .
these things worked great , they are very sharp and left a very visible mark for me to screw . i will be buying some more !
easy to install and seems to work as advertised . haven't had it go off yet but the indicator light show that it's on the job .
these are of good quality and do not wobble when you put them in the drill press . sharp too ! they don't leave splinters around the hole ; .
work the way you have to and this shield is a great fit and comfort level is right ! works very well !
good packaging ; good price ; works as expected . instructions for setting overflow tube height could have been better , but the videos covered it ok .
this unit will save alot of time kneeling down to work . it hold the saw very well , folds up for easy storage , high in quality .
works with strong magnets and hang on when nail is located . no batteries or lights , just plane old magnetic force . simply beautiful .
simple product for a good price . shipping was within estimated time . gets the job done for home use . pulls and drives nails just fine !
works as advertised . maybe not the longest lasting blades in the drawer , but for tight work , these rock .
these clamps are fantastic ! used it so many times to repair chairs or assembling a bench . genius design , so easy to use and very durable !
an excellent flashlight . great for duty use by police officers . lightweight and comfortable rubber grip . now my third on for personal use . thank you .
my first " laser " thermometer . assuming it is accurate , no complaints . makes finding problems easy . good for cold and hot situations .
this grinder is the best tool i own , works great on cutting locks and chains and other metal , also will work good using a wire brush .
it works well , and not bother other controllers . all of my bedrooms use wireless remote controllers now . i like it .
not a bad hammer . good size good weight and fits great in my tool box . no complaints with this purchase . i would recommend this item .
my only wish is for a 250 watt max equivalent , something i haven't seen yet in a cfl . it fits standard lamp arbors .
easy to use . works in minutes . makes a dull knife razor sharp again . well made to last . safe to use .
the bulb is well made and bright but to my eyes the warm white is too " warm " meaning too yellow .
i used this as a repeater to extend z-wave network range through a wall . it workes great .
magnet is strong . flexible spring is too soft . i wish this tool one foot longer with hard spring . i'll keep it .
this is an inexpensive tool that is very handy when transfering angles to your work . it is light weight and locks the angle firmly in place .
was surprised at the heft in the head of this hammer . won't have any trouble pounding stakes in on the trail and other menial tasks .
i'm just a do it your selfer and not a professional . i have used drywall rasps and find this to be one of the better ones .
these cutters are of very high quality and allow you to do precision work . the quality is top notch and should last a very long time !
i'm 6 ' 1 " , normal torso , no big belly , they worked fine for me , what else can be said about suspenders ?
these were exactly what i needed for my drill to get some bits onto them . definitely happy with the purchase .
this dewalt dw3311 flush cut jug saw blade is a nice accessory and handy when needed . well made and fits their t typeblade holder .
these are great for the price and have the photoelectric switch and the high / low switch . they use less energy than the old incandescent ones do .
easy to put together and the kids and grandma love it ! has a plastic step slide instead of the old metal rods .
lost my other one and this one does the job ... then found my other one so now i have two perfect tools .
easy to install . looks great . this is my second one . never rusted or tarnished .
i bought this for a desoldering project and it worked great . it heats up fast and will melt your parts if you are not careful .
junk tools , useless , the material is soft like noodle , only for light duty or diy use , not for heavy duty .
if your looking , you found it . even better , the hose connections are metal and not plastic , no more split connectors leaking .
worked very well at first . then it started staying on the dimmest setting . then it just died . not worth the money .
the replacement belt kit works great and i would recommend it to anyone who wants a quality product to use .
blades are sharp , straight and cut like a knife through butter . purchased for my dw715 miter saw , primarily used on hardwoods such as red oak .
bought this to light the hallway . does a great job and is san added safety feature when my child gets up during the night and wonders in the dark
battery works well and very useful . but charger failed to work after a few use . fortunately , i had a spare charger .
solid product for the price . works terrific on my orbital sander and it's way cheaper than home depot or lowes .
ultrafire wf502b flashlight cree xm-l t6 led 18650 3.7 v battery . very bright and like the on / off switch on the end .
finally . something that says fits most and it even fits my big head . other welding caps that i have tried were always more expensive and usually smaller .
the light works good and last a good straight 2hrs but the carry strap is junk it hust gets in the way .
this was easy to install and program ! i like the 7 - day programmable feature ( not just " weekdays " and " weekends " ) .
the covers fit the mask perfectly and are easy to apply . i recommend getting the covers before the first use of the mask .
these are nice bits to have for your impact driver , i was going through way to many standard bits and these hold up much better .
really light . easy to use . burning dandelions prior to cutting my grass helps prevent them from spreading . worth the time and the money .
all i can say is they are " excellent " and hold a charge well . they come well recommended by amazon , thanks . jjf
wouldn't stamp me knives or steel portions of my tools . they work very well on everything else though . nice box , looks regal somehow .
great screws and such a great price ! perfect for using the pocket hole joining system for furniture . very sturdy stuff .
purchased this as a replacement for the sandpaper disc on my sander . works great and i am happy with it .
we used this cable to extend our lite sounds when when bought a second set and it worked well without any problems .
these drill extension socket bits are great to have for those tight spaces and those that are hard to reach . you'll appreciate these . a great buy .
this battery was bought to replace an exhausted one from a portable dc power supply . it's well constructed , hefty and arrived fully charged .
being able to plug in all my adapters without blocking other valuable outlets ! woo ! i brought 3 more just in case .
very strong , good quality , case is pointless for me but the tools are well made and strong . buy them yes
the holster works very well for me , my dewalt fits perfectly in it and is accessible as i need to use it .
do not think this is going to cut through anything thicker than 3/4 " . with that said it is pretty decent .
its a hunter fan , and what you expect from a hunter . very nice looking and my wife loves the dust armor .
i wanted a set with a nice case and decent quality and these fit the bill nicely . they fit very tight and do not spread .
great alternative to $ 800 electric toilet seat . loved it although litle hard to clean . . . . . . . . . . .
great for cutting off toilet bolts and small screws but not made for anything thicker than 1/8 inch . convenient and fits easily in tool box , pocket or pouch
find it best to zero each use , as my portable saw leans with soil . i think i'm going to like this
as expected , very good quality and works better than the mat i was using . recommend to anyone doing bench top routering .
this is the knock around sawsall that sees all the harsh realitys of demolition work . takes abuse well .
i use these gloves to cut wood down at the ranch or at my other home and they hold out great .
well contructed , well disign , acturate and inexpensive , try this if you want a good slinding t bevel for your home or professional proyects
very strong attractive rods . i bought 2 of them for living room curtains .
i sprayed this to hide pvc in my fish tank . this stuff is fish-safe , and works really well . doesn't flake or chip off . high quality
i'm on the fence as to whether or not i would purchase this again . it kind of works but i think there are better choices out there .
i recently replaced several storm damaged lawn lights and found this replacement cable to be well made and easy to install .
i did not notice that this tool fits the circle pattern ... rather than the rectangle ... i can't use it . too bad
a light or a laser would give this saw 6 stars . very precise saw . arrived by ups in great shape ! !
excellent assortment of excellent blades at an excellent price . what more is there to say ?
they made my glasses legal to wear in our shop , the only problem i have with them is when you get oil on them they get discolored .
have not used this yet but appears to be made well and assume it wil work when the time comes ...
nice little flashight , not terribly bright but the zoom feature will be very handy . i good one to add to your flashlight collecttion
this is good for todays small boards and componets . you will like l . e . d lighting.great idia.perfect heat for small tiney work . ( like )
used these on a tight brake job , one of the knuckle bolts actually snapped due to corrosion and these joints had no problems
this is a super strong suction lifter at a great price . used this to lift a sliding patio door with no problems
seems like good quality type of air system connectors . these are the d type , most common type . good set and colored red
i looked all over for a good set to use my ratchets , a great little tool to have in the toolbox .
with three battery configurations this little flashlight is easy to feed . it is brightest with the big battery but works well with aa's too .
torque could be better but good for small easy to get to jobs would not be recommended for precise tasks or those requiring more torque .
excellent attachment for light and even more . you pay a small price for better quality . great buy for personal protection .
good strong light but these units are bigger than many of the others you might find . if that's okay with you , then i'd recommend these .
its very sensitive and works perfectly to however you adjust it.its well made and i will recommend it to everyone
i have this device installed in my attic in conjunction with a fan to exhaust the heat in the summer ! .
these type of respirator does a great job when i am sanding good or other materials that create some kind of debris from the sand paper .
good price and very good cloths . very sticky but not the too sticky cloths that i have bought before from other places .
the general quality is ok except the backing is too soft if you use it on a tough or rough surfaces for a longer period .
this driver set covers most all the fasteners you'll encounter . excellent product at a fair price . would recommend this set to anyone from hobbyist to professional tradesman .
the gloves are great , they fit very well and are very comfortable when shooting . they are true to size and would recommend them to fellow shooters
i was using it for a week and it started to leak at the bottom . so disappointed , i cannot even return it now .
elegant , tasteful , and so reasonably priced . a lovely update to my old ceiling fixture . i've received several complements on it . very happy indeed .
this is an extremely accurate measuring tool . makes things just that much more accurate . helps my work . i've ordered more of their products .
well worth the money . this is my go to square , its the perfect size . i did drop it and it dented the outside corner .
these are so cool , work better than most nut drivers and the " cleanable " portion is more handy than just cleaning .
this is the second one i bought . the first one lost the metal slide for the wood keeper on the end after very little use .
the anti-fog works pretty well , however , the temples adjust too easily and there's not enough anti-scratch coating .
portable and multi functional at a low price . makes great gift or stocking stuffer for christmas . also can fit on a keychain
does the job and easy to install , quite sturdy .. i use these to replace the cheap low quality china made connectors on todays extension cords .
i like the quality of klein tools vs the majority of stuff at our local hardware store . i would buy it again and recommend to others .
i read about the blade and bought it . it works great . only thing the blade is really brittle and easy to break . another thing it's expensive .
every size you may need in a nut driver bit set plus has a magnet in the bottom so you won't lose your little parts as you work ...
slowly replacing all of my closet and regular doors with this and similar door knobs . you won't be sorry . good door knob .
nothing more to say , larson blades are the best . i use mine a lot to cope solid oak base and crown . these blades are worth the cost
need to supplement this one . no butterfly bandages and not enough gauze / tape etc . need to buy more items but the box is convenient for all .
this is a sturdy stand is the best for the fit of the scroll saw that i purchased . great find .
well ... they do what a bungee should do ... hold stuff in place until i want to move it.what more could i want froma bungee cord ?
extremely easy to fix a hose , and much cheaper / more convenient than buying a new hose . works a few months since fixing , no problems .
just what i wanted , great for reflowing a cold solder joint . nothing more aggravating than trying to create a good solder joint without flux .
great for the laptop in low light or no light areas . well worth the investment of $ 1.95 , shipped free . usb power works just fine .
the body is plastic , but solid and locks tight . good for the occasional project . trying to replace some tools with lower prices .
this unit is wery well made . it operates smoothly and is very sturdy . it is easy to install and the finish is very good .
very pretty , good quality , and super easy to install . i love the look , it matches everything else in my bathroom . highly recommended !
the tip didn't last long enough to buy this brand again . i am using my old bit for phillips tip .
this power bit is strong enough for work every day . but i have got magnetize it with a solenoid . it was so good after this .
my screwdriver drill is back in operation . in use for about 6 months now . very happy . would buy this again . recommended .
they are great for use around the house , shop , garage , shows , business for all smoke alarms , co alarms and other devices . low cost
a well priced set of good quality deep well standard sockets . there is nothing better than reaching for a quality toolwhen you need one.recommended
what can i say , it's a klein screwdriver . these beauties are built to last . strong . excellent quality . get yours and enjoy .
i have used this a couple of times already . very satisfied with this .
these work well when used with a good metal polishing crème . they tend to wear down fast so keep plenty of them on supply .
10 lumens is just right to check a patient , or find your keys without blinding everyone . good jacket zipper pull also
these things are hard to find , and here is a package of all of the sizes i've ever used . perfect .
works well to replace rwo stubbies with one , saves weight and tool pouch space .
i use it to tighten door knobs and it works great . good tool overall . a little stiff at first but it loosened right up in a miunte ..
it is very easy to install even as an exterior wall mount . sound is loud and the different tones are easy to customize .
i have this in a closet . i installed it myself and is easy to use and works great . highly recommend
this digital gauge is super accurate . i gave a less than perfect rating because the instructions for usage are a bit unclear and lacking .
what can i say , a great deal on a great knife . this knife is soooooooo sharp right out of the box .
they work exactly as they're supposed to , not much to say about these ... they're bright and they seem to last .
love it ! i like it so much i'm getting two more.easy to install , does not leak , and the pressure is just right .
these blades cut quickly and appear to hold up well over time . i would purchase these bits again once these eventually meet their match .
this is a serious blade for serious work . it's a great value for the money and is consistent with the dewalt name .
great clamp from a great company . i would recommend this tool . there are other good clamps out there but kreg is one of the best .
my husband was surprised when we gave this to him for father's day . he hadn't had a magnetic one before , and he loves this !
this is another good accessory to the drill . this set contains every size and shape anyone would need . well made .
i use these with some good lighting torchieres that were sold at lowes . i now have two torchieres and always go with the ge brand .
its ok , doesnt have enough led lights for it to be really seen clearly at night , it does the job but it could be improved
if you own a bosch table saw you will not waste your money buying this product . makes one man work a breeze .
i got this item for my mom who has trouble getting around . she loves it , so i love it . plus , it shipped quickly .
rather than buy expensive brand names buy these they work great and are very usefull i have a few sets
i choose these because it included all the sockets sizes i need . sets differ greatly so check before ordering a set . these are a great value .
good for working on your guns , pins , roll pins , etc . i only wish it was slightly heavier . still worth the price .
i have now bought 3 of these lights , they are great looking and brighter than anything i have ever used .
love it , love it , love it ! the design is well thought out and manufactured to a high standard.count me as a very pleased customer !
keeps my iron up and out of harms way , no more burnt desks and iron cords or shop floor lol .
sweet lil set . nice for getting in tight spots where a 3/8 drive is too big . deep drive works great removing nuts with long studs
when you need to scribe lines in metal or hard plastics for cutting guides or witness marks this is what you need .
i like this diffuser a lot , it turns my led flashlight into a white light lantern . it stays on the flashlight pretty well too .
great lock . more positive when putting in numbers . great feeling . much better than masterlock . will buy more .
this is an excellent fossett for the price . looks great and functions beautifully.simple and easy to follow instructions makes this perfect for any diy project
not at nall impressed . sholuld have bought something better , ok for a once in a while household user but nothing more .
looks great haven't had a chance to use it yet but look forward to ! . feels tough would never bend accidentally !
work great and the price is unbelievable . made of good materials and have very sharp points on them . a great buy !
works perfectly & easy to install . i sent these to a friend with drafty condo where exterior improvements are prohibited . low cost basic product .
there isn't much to say about something like this other than " they work " , but they feel reassuringly solid and i have no concerns about their quality .
the 20 ' lenght is all the lenght that i need . plus the price was a great value for the hose and a quality 1/4 in . threading .
i love these little flashlights . they only use one aa battery and are very bright , are durable and burn for surprising amount of time for one battery ,
i have several of these lights and the green is my favorite . the color is great at night and the palm trees are very unique .
this light which might not be so bright stays on all night and works great where i have put it .
used to glue down magnets to a panel for my car better that super glue i would buy again , i might have to im running out
this clamp is a necessity for the use of the lansky knife sharpening system . makes for a very stable platform .
if you want a zero tolerance miter slide , this is it . it's well made and does the job perfectly . nothing more to say .
thought not meant for drilling this tool is great for use on working on my pc or on screws for predrilled holes .
i have had several of the original halogen lights as well as the earlier led ones and this one far exceeds them all . good price too !
one was just not enough . i basically put one at the back of every door to keep things tidy . it's just a great little gadget .
had this for a while to avoid stopping and then remixing shower water flow . works perfectly . does what it says .
replaced a 20 - year old 1/2 " drill with this hitachi . their quality is excellent and built tough . this is my 4th hitachi power tool .
i didnt like this at all puch comes out really badi might as well use my drill to make the hole
the castor cups are pretty hidious , but they do a great job of keeping my bed from rolling around the room .
dewalt makes a good product so the brand and the price is right for the diy person . the drill is rather lightweights also .
it is a good article as long as you try and extend its life . use the right accessories and give due maintenance . it's cheap and functional . excellent
this is a must have item if you buy the dewalt dado blade set otherwise you wont be using you throat plate
this ryobi one + fits the combo set i have perfectly . you can't go wrong by purchasing this bag . great item .
this is a very nice set of wrenches . they have heavy molded handles for ease of use . a must for every mechanic or handy man .
these worked great for what we needed . quick shipping and i would recommend these to a friend . i am very happy with them .
why is black and decker selling parts to a tool that can't be used ? see tool for an explanation . please !
i can't even tell you how much i hated using the shovel to scoop ash . this thing is awesome ! i am so very happy with it .
i've only used the medium cone tip for desoldering a few things but these seem like good tips that add versatility to your elenco soldering iron .
i love this tool . i use it instead of a regular cordless drill on most occasions . i recommend this tool to anyone .
installation was easy , light is very bright and white , actually considerably brighter than my neighbors 175 watt mercury vapor . so far so good ! !
because they offer more warmth than the non thermal atlas 300l gloves , they've lost some dexterity but are still usable .
i purchased two of these : one for my shop and one for my tool trailer . this gauge is well made .
this is a great inexspensive regulator . we purchased this for our cabinet shop and it works well . makes finishing a breeze !
nice quality cutters at a good price . not much to say about these . they do what they are suppose to .
this manual non programmable thermostat is easy to install with the directions provided . it does not have any slide switches which went bad on our existing thermostats .
this was the last item i had to get to make all things chrome and its a good size a looks good over the toilet
nice handles and the rack makes for easy access . will probably order the sae version as well . nice shop additon
unit works as described , accuracy is quite good for a general diy user & close enough for government work ... these days , anyway !
this item is cheaply made hence the pricethe screws pains comes off instantly even with a small delicate screw driverguess you get what you pay for
easy to find and buy at amazon . try that close to home . good quality and fair price
bought this a year ago and have not had any problems . found it recently for less money but that is to be expected as technology advances .
this is a very nice computer repair kit . comes with everything you need to repair computers . i was impresed with the kit .
this has to be the best value out there for sharpening smooth edge knives . it doesn't work well for scalloped blades .
very nice small , compact set of sockets . quality materials , would recommed have to keep talking because of the 20 workd deal .
means you never need to hunt for that small philips screw driver that you thought was in the top tool box drawer but is no longer there .
i am very pleased with this drain for my vessel sink , and would recommend it anyone who is installing a vessel sink .
perfect for centering hinges and any other hardware you may in counter . i use it for door knobs and catches
well , no place to store the bits , instructions are useless , and it worked once . i like the idea - but this was a bust .
a lot of power in a small package . perfect for auto work as well as driving lag bolts . buy the 1/4 and 1/2 inch versions .
these lights are very good looking on their posts tops and work very well . there has not been any problems with them whatsoever . great purchase .
mine's a little stiff to open the blade but you can't beat the small size , light weight , and basic assortment of tools .
still very heavy duty , works well and is nice and fat . it will withstand several years of use and abuse .
i could not use it with the dewalt line laser i purchased . good quality tripod though . i guess it's for bigger more commercial lasers .
what can u sayu plug it it worksnot expensive - done deal no problems with this thing so far
after installing all 4 lights , lost 10 more chickens . it was a waste of money for me , but its thats just me .
i have two lighted poster frames in my movie room , and these allow me to power the frames on remotely . great price too !
i use this for mowing with a zero turn , it works really good .
husband loves it - he needed an upgrade to his 8 " one , and the laser light was a nice feature :-) he is very happy with skil !
this safe is just okay . smaller than i thought and difficult to open even with the keys ! much heavier than i thought and doesn't hold much .
i couldn't find this item at local hardware stores . it's excellent for cleaning brushes . especially if you get a brush restorer liquid .
i broke my orange plastic square , which i really like , but i thought i would try the metal square for awhile . works great .
so i needed to scrape rust of outdoor railings , and these worked great to clean the metal before paint was applied
it works okay . i wish it could have been made a little longer , like 3 more feet . not bad for the money .
this is working nice to split a single socket and one thing nice about this product you can focus or point this easily to a different direction .
it really helps to have the light mounted on it the extra magnifier saves you from having to bring in anything extra when needed .
i keep it with me almost at all times , fits with my cordless drill , impact driver , extensions , always good to have around , very durable
light weight torque wrench ideally suited for small jobs around garage . has been useful numerous times in small jobs on motorcycle .
glaziers need a tool they can depend on . this clamping tool works great and the quality is a pro grade .
i guess they are the same company , this works perfect with our chamberlien door opener and took about 30 seconds to program .
very good tool for getting into small offset angles with hard to reach screws.worth the money good value for a small tool
extremely sharp utilitarian knife not pretty but i doubt this thing would or could ever break bend or chip for the price you cant beat mora knives
i needed a relatively light compressor , easy to transport and this suits my purposes . my other compressor is about twice the weight .
i've only used a few of these a couple of times , but they seem very durable and the case is very handy and compact .
i use it with sandpaper disks . it works well . i fits on the grinder and has no complaints . dewalt seems to be a good brand .
quality is good . price was right . its good to have duplicates in case you lose one . the price makes it affordable to have the 2nd set .
having the color coded tips help a lot . not just to identify but to also make it easier to spot when switching out .
excellent product , well made with plenty of storage space but there is no stainless steel belt clip
product seems to work well . it allows me to utilize standard size bulbs in medium sized sockets . good value / low price .
not ideal for line-of-sight in a dark bedroom , but they do a great job of illuminating any other unlit area .
i got the padded lid to go on this new clean bucket so i can easily do the weeding in comfort .
pretty good light for the money . ordered three more for gifts . i do wish it would hold the 3.7 v battery .
tough , cuts fast , and will not fall apart like the cheap type .
got the tool , the price is really cheap . never used it though as i managed to use pliers for what i needed .
fits and works fine . i feel better having a 1/4 collet rather than an adaptor when my fingers are close to a high speed carbide bit .
nothing fancy . these are a good sturdy tool rest . these are my work horses they can be use in various turning processes .
this flashlight is pretty big and powerful . it is not the size of a regular household flashlight . pretty strong so far .
i should have listened to the reviews . i should not have gotten this saw . save your money , that is my advice .
works good , nice that it stands on its own . works on rough surfaces . beats having to roll and retrieve a tape .
these are at different weights and work great in a maintenance work group , would recommend these as the minimize damage to the part you are working on .
i had priced these sanding disks at our local " big box " hardware store . these were much less expensive yet work perfectly . what a savings .
light is ok but has a few issues . batteries do not last long and the leds are dimming a lot .
i have purchased several of these in the past . they are great products and work well . highly recommended for anyone who needs smoke detectors .
this makes bagging lawn waste , leaves etc . very very easy . bags attach and are removed easily and without much effort . worth the price .
this stand is light and stable on a flat surface . it would be better with u shaped legs for outside work .
great little tool . i had one of these years ago and lost it . im glad to be able to add a new one to my pack .
this product has worked great . it's in the rain , the heat . it just keeps working . great analog timer . highly recommend .
nice five piece set . i like the holder , it makes them easy to keep track of . it has strong magnets to .
easy to install . inexpensive and looks like it costs much more . looks great in the bathroom . would buy this brand again .
on an item like this , it is enough to say it is very solid and it works . going to europe ? get this .
i think they will protect my hands well and provide pretty good dexterity . i've used them with a chainsaw and handling heavy items .
over 30 yrs as a carpenter , and its the only clue i use for int . trim work
this mixer is like having a tornado in a bucket . mixes product fast and with ease .
great light ! does everything i need and more . just ordered a hitech bezel and a glass breaking end cap should be wicked .
this set contains the most commonly used router straight bits . they have lasted well on hardwards . most of my work is done on a router table .
very good meter for the price really helps when you are trying to determine the moisture in wood .
great set , swap out those 5 and 7 watt night light bulbs and save on power costs for all year round use .
when your tools will not reach , grab these and make short work of the project . put the power where you need it .
very bright convenient light for inside a small space like a gun safe as i use them for . like that they use aa size batteries !
they fit well , wear like iron , are comfortable , and you can toss in the machine to clean . they live up to their name !
i personally love this tool set as the " head " are magnetic , therefore i wont loose them easily or laying around . great purchase for myself :)
beautiful idea but make sure you wait on your review until shortly before the return policy is up so you don't get stuck
this is a replacement for a previous model of dewalt that i use in an industrial environment . dewalt builds a tough and dependable tool . very pleased !
this plus my jetbeam rrt 01 are always with me for edc . getting erwin blades for this thing is a must .
well made general purpose extension cord , need an 8 foot cord for the basement , and i didn't want orange . recommended
very nice quality , clean modern design , low profile . this looks perfect in our new bathroom . about half the price of kohler .
was hoping for a more robust rig , it will work ok if you spend some time finding a way to repeatedly lock down the saw .
with the n95 rating of this mask , it is an excellent choice for filtering most of the smaller particulates and airborne bugs .
this dimmer performed exactly as advertised . it seems durable and well made , especially considering its modest price . easy to use , very convenient .
not the most powerful drill on the market , but works just fine for light jobs , and hobbies , don't be afraid to buy this drill .
this chuck is a lot easier to use then the standard dremel chuck . works great for quickly changing out bits and still keeping a firm grip on them .
protection where you want it and dexterity where you need it , what else is there to say , i really like these gloves .
i use this to touch-up my black pellet stoves . cheaper than other high-heat paint and works fine on pellet stoves .
these are really bright flashlight s and being rechargeable is even better . they make for a great gift as well
solid construction . fiberglass and rubber handle that is secured into hammer head . used to knock down wall in a home . no issues at all . recommended
seems to fit well and so far no complaints . very handy for your drill / whatever to swap to a finer chuck .
a little finicky to use , but once you do , it gives a lot of information and a lot of options in recharging your batteries .
biscuits fit holes very well , using them for gluing boards side to side , they make a great , strong , bond . great product .
very bright headlamps . very good design as for the batteries storage . like the push button vs . a twist action for on / off etc .
and all that with as little vibration and noise as is imaginable in a handheld sander . this is a quality hand tool .
works well . very happy with it . does what i need doing . the tin comes in handy to store items for dremel tool .
works very well and is heavy duty . i recommend this to anyone that wants a strong extension cord . you do not need to worry with this .
this product came with well labeled wire leads and clear instructions . swapping out the old unit for the new was an easy project .
these little babies will keep your mask view clean as the day you got it ! you should definitely get these to preserve the life of your mask .
needed accessories for any rotary tool system . the 63 pieces is mostly sanding discs which makes it misleading and expensive , not highly appreciated at least by me .
i have use this magnifying glass several times . although it is a bit small , it is good and useful for small items .
i use this every day and it's solid workmanship . for the price , you can't go wrong and this thing is so handy to have !
a more convenient form factor than the popular kill-a-watt , yet it's much cheaper . that's pretty good . easy to read , easy to use .
i use this as a track for my router table . i like the ability to install the measuring tape and use the t bolt track .
several months of use and these bulbs keep going , no dimming or yellowing . seems like these led bulbs will last .
i got this at harbor fright its ok it works for the money is ok price was wright as a lot of harbor fright stuff is
the wire is easy to work with and still feels very durable . i can these things working in the ground for decades .
1 . easy to install 2 . flow is good 3 . adjustable flow ( some may find highest setting to strong ) very much impressed .
this plate accompanies the leviton renu single light switch . it snaps on and off for easy cleaning . colors are also available .
no , not to use on her ! i could not have imagined how handy a mini-hammer would be for routine jobs around the house .
the brightest one i've tried yet ! works and looks like its old counterpart . i hope it lasts for a few years !
desoldering wick is not always needed , but when you do nothing can replace it . now i have some , and makes work a little easier .
these are amazing to use on your furniture when you have hard wood floors . totally will save your back and your floors
this is a very nice flashlight to carry in the car's glove box . it is compact and incredibly bright .
amazing how powerful this saw is . easily rips through shelving and boards . a real time saver . i highly recommend this saw .
i used this for the first time this winter and haven't had any problems with pipes freezing . works as advertised .
i've used this product to touch up a bathtub and two different cooking stoves . it looks good and holds up .
they are in a very nicely designed case that keeps them in perfect order ; they worked properly ; so far , they seem sturdy enough ...
i've been a pro handyman for 35 + years . i know tools.properly charged and used , this tool won't grind baby powder off of a sponge .
great light . super functional . just the right brightness . all of the features i was looking for .
utility pen that helpss you screw and unscrew small itemsreally handy for everyday use and easy to carry around if you need it often
get ready to apply right after wetting this tape as this is very sticky . makes my work faster . great for diy people .
it works good . justline up where the hose is not in your way . it catches the dust real good and you don't breath it .
if you own a flashlight 10v - 12v this are the bulbs you want to buy for your flashlight . these are the best replacement bulbs .
i priced out the roller bearings that can be purchased and decided these cool blocks would perform as well.have not be disappointed the cost is within my budget .
great soldering tip for my weller soldering iron . basic replacemenet tips nothing special or fancy about them ... but they get the job done .
i should have bought one of these years ago . with it i can easily , quickly and accurately determine if a network cable is good or bad .
it is a lot smaller than i expected , but the power is pretty good . i was pleasantly surprised how well it works for such a small machine .
a great starter set for anyone , or a great set for the trunk . it has all the necessary tools for many repairs .
great shop vac . easy to roll , nice handle , great accessory bag . great attachments . nice long electric cord . easy to use .
works very well . can't say much more than that . if you need a set like this , get it , you will be pleased ! !
go back a coupla pages , one of the other tool resellers has this about $ 20 cheaper even with the shipping costs ...
works well in outdoor conditions , but the light isn ; t very bright , but sufficient for my use .
this is a handy little screwdriver . it is inexpensive and comes with several different bits . i keep one in my bike tool bag :)
this tool is of decent quality and the price is reasonable . performs as expected without any issues . seems sturdy as well .
handy item when working on wiring as cutter is part of wrench . less tools to keep track of at work .
use them to put light anywhere-grab an extension cord plug this and get lit.good with color changing leds and a surge strip to light up a wall in color .
just a perfect solution for the application . and cheap . this will eliminate my last excuse for not hauling out the router for jobs that merit it .
bought this for a friend to keep in their safe so they could see . works out great from what i hear .
one of the best purchases so far have used it works extremely well easy to set up and surprised with all the included samples
fits my dewalt d26453k perfectly . disks held securely and did a more than adequate job . quality disks and a great price . nice combination !
small and portable , strong magnet for finding screws or nails behind the surface.inexpensive and worth it . buy at least one .
dewalt dw1263 13 - piece cobalt split-point drill bit set : nice set product and packaging wise !
i really love this hard to find color and it is much more vibrant than picture.rust - oleum as we all know is a great quality and trusted product .
these are terrific for holding onto small jewelry items . i would highly recommend these to anyone that needs to hold on to something .
lots of stuff i really didn't need to get a few basic things i did need . wish it came with hose .
my niece and nephew love these lights . i was asked by several people where i got them . the videos people posted were a big help in deciding .
works well . very happy with it . does what i need doing . happy you now are selling these , new item for me .
gears are already stripped out after one job . gotta return it ! i expected more from a porter cable product for sure . very disappointing !
arrived as i expected . the body constructions seems durable . i like the kind of power it produces , it is powerful that it can blind you eyes .
this is a first class , quality tool , if i could give it more stars i would .
the cable is just what it says it is at a better price.great to have its lower resistance than 14 awg cable
and cheap too , its top notch in construction and was inexpensive to boot.ill order more from this co , all the time
nice cheap little drill press for my garage . good for smaller projects but don't use it for bigger things . short , need a table for it .
this is a nice product , easy to connect to honeywell wireless doorbell and works great . i have three of these .
this unit is the best multi sander that i own . i restore allot of antique furniture and i can get into the littlest of areas .
i use these pliers for occasionally adjusting the frames of my several pairs glasses.the jaws prevent damage to the frame , and work just like an oculist's pliers .
works as designed by a texas company located in gonzales home of the " come and take it " folks . very small .
works good . i keep this tester by my computer for any batteries that appear weak for quick checkout . handy and small package . works fine .
this is exactly as advertised . they are very sturdy and will stand what every your peg board will . would buy again .
work really well . love that you can roll the codes to bottom out at 0 , lets you solve the combo at night / low vision .
this workhorse wont let you down and will perform like a dream . watch the video that amazon provides , it's cool ... and informative .
offset flashlight mount on pistol with switch taped to double action trigger squeeze off round after round with blinding light showing target in the dark
good blades for removing old caulking and built up sealants and paint too . there worth the extra space in the blade box
this was a bargain for these gloves have paid over $ 4 for just one . same quality as the pricier ones .
we used this on my son's pinewood derby car . we sprayed a coat of this paint over a coat of primer for a very snazzy look !
these are the best little drill bits i have ever used . only for wood , but exceptional ! ! ! i would highly recommend these to anyone .
product is sturdy and comes with great instructions on how to install the item without issues . be sure to read instructions in their entirety before attempting install .
great price , very comparable to retailers / shop brands . use them for more than welding clamps - quality product and versatile so that makes them nicer !
like this a lot . simple with nice chrome finish . has functioned perfectly so far . short 1/4 " drive comes in very handy for me .
it looks like a nice tool what i want but it's not durable enough ... handy kit with average quality with nice price by the way .
this door bell button work great and it puts out just enough light to see my digital lock . thank you ! it is a keeper .
20 pieces covers all my needs , all the bits are there , excellent handle to hold the screw bits , must reocmmend this tool
great assortment of bits at a great price . if you want a lot of tools in a compact space , get the leatherman and this bit set
gratefully i haven't had to use these yet , but they seem easy enough . it's a great buy for the money . good to have in the kitchen .
the dremel tool is one of the most handy tools to have around . you will be surprised at how many uses you will find for it .
fine for what it is , but i much prefer the cleaner look of the screwless models , although they are much more expensive .
the price has gone up since i bought these , but they are worth every cent . if you are painting etc ..
awesome , . works as expected . it is a repeater for the advanced codes too like locks
we bought aaube digital switchand this plate worked great - no odd gaps or irregularities - fit the bill quite well !
i think these three bags are well worth what they cost . i would order them again and recommend them to a friend ..
sanding disks are ok but don't last as long as the more expensive ones i have purchased at home depot and lowes .
this is a nice deal and they work very well and are very handy around the shop color coded nice .
case hardened tools that will be used by a multitude of folks that need rugged well-designed forged steel roll pin set without breaking your budget !
i like this time as 1 ) it is easy to use and 2 ) unlike other timers i have , does not require a battery to operate .
another great electrical tool from irwin . i have the auto strippers as well and love both . fits in the back pocket for easy access while working .
this tool is just what you can expect from klein . high quality tool perfect for removing nails from tight places .
very good stud finder for the money - more expensive ones don't seem to perform any better and need batteries when you least expect it .
pros :d oes the job . fits perfectly to the impact driver and to the 1/4 3/8 1/2 sockets.cons :d id not really find any .
easy to use , very functional , and you don't have to pay an arm & a leg for it . i recommend it highly.anthony.hburlingto . ma
i purchased this base to go under my new jet cabinet saw . it assembled quickly and easily . the saw moves easily with this base .
my wife and i saw a special about smoke detectors and the photoelectric models did much better than the rest .
much better than the batteries included with the tools . b & d should ship their tools with this battery . holds a charge well . highly recommended .
i purchased these as gifts for the hard to buy for men in the family and they loved them . great gift for under ten bucks .
i like the brightness verses the cost . they look good and work well . would certainly buy again and again and again .
its cheapit worksit indicates if you wired incorrectly.it lights upit is small and simpleeasy to carry
this is a traditional design tin snipes . i've used it mostly on light weight aluminum and it has the heft to cut easily .
these feel almost smooth to the touch , but i needed to elongate some bolt holes in fender and they made for a very clean hole with minimal effort .
i have used fluke for all of my electrical work and this is a good tester and flashlight , but sometimes give you false readings .
i love this drill . it's got plenty of power and i don't need to stop in the middle of a large project and charge the battery .
i like the 10 in 1 better than the 11 in 1.the 11 in 1 shaft is too thick to fit in some applications .
fits well in hand , very smooth blade operation.good visibility color.the snapoff blades are the best.all around good knife.quick shipper . i would recommend.great seller = a + + +
i have had this for over a year and have put up alot of mouldings and installed windows . works great and for the price cant be beat .
i love this thing and am finding myself reaching for it before my 12v drill . very light , good torque and torque adjustment .
but that's fine , you wont lose it . works great , very strong . ripped out heavy plaster walls ... the studs broke , but not this bar .
put together an ar with this . great with the smallest of roll pins . its a very good , well made , soft mallet .
very convenient tool set to have . works great and so far had the tool for over a month and use it several times and no problems
fits perfectly , nicely finished and functions exactly as it is supposed to . i can find nothing to criticize . highly recommended .
these clamps are awesome . i dont know how i have gotten by without them . they have some serious clamping force without marring your work .
my favorite . fits in the palm of my hand well and the blade is better than most of the smaller 25 footers out there .
this is the only switch that would work for the type of wiring that was already in place in my condo . easy job and it works perfectly !
not much to ask here .. sure china made but been a few months now and still doing it's intended job .. no complains for a cheap alternative .
this level is excellent . some of the great features are that it is so wide angle it can throw a line all around the room . very reliable .
works perfectly . creates 6 outlets where i had 4 before . works well if you have 2 transformer-style outlets and a few regular plugs .
nice graduation on the scale and large enough to read . case doesn't feel as solid as the old micronta ones though .
a good selection of bits for just about anything . works with any of the drills or drivers that require ready fit bits
use it all the time at work for inspection and checked out cars . has lots of power in compact size .
great flashlight , bright led's , 3 aa's in a holder provide power to the 4 led's . nice clickable switch . and carabineer for hanging .
this is a quality timer , with easy features and compact size . i was surprised to see it at such a reasonable price . thanks amazon
i purchased these little book safes as a gift , and it was a hit . you can hardly notice where they are in the bookshelves where they landed .
i have used this thermostat for several months now and it is easy to program , has great features and works well .
ive purchased lights before , for the price this is great . it was packed well and it has great coverage and all ...
i've been using it for a while.its great product ! drills thourgh alu easily ( suppose to be but .. you know )
not strong enough to blow the house down so it's very useful for cleaning my laptop and blowing the sawdust off my tools , etc .
needed a new wireless controller for the garden fountain after the six year old one quit working . this one does the job well .
use these in my makita 18v cordless tools . just great extensions and adapters for sockets . not much else to say
works as advertised . this lamp is a fairly large product , and barely fits on the face plate . it is very sturdy
nice cheap mini sledge . i've used it for picket pounding , and framing , and tractor pin persuading ... works like a hammer should
these are quality punches . i am using this set to maintain a gun collection and they easily knockout pins and rods without damage to the weapon .
this is the way to the future if we are going to save energy and resources . bulb fits a regular socket .
this is a great cutter for the price . it will cut most any thing it was designed for . i really can't say much more about it .
very handy spring loaded punch . good pop will punch out most pins or other small parts just fine .
it's a rare bird . actually made in the usa , and the quality is very good . i think it's worth the price .
i have a few cordless drills that take up real estate on my small work bench . this item will keep the drills safely up on peg board .
this was great for costume party ... worked well as gift after that.recommend for any cutting , trimming , weed whacking jobs around the house.fits over glasses . too .
i do like my bostitch pen nailer . the pins do not split the moldings and bostitch pen nailer works just like i wanted it to .
light weight probes . i found that the banana plug ends where a tad short to fit into the deep recesses of my dvm .
this light is good . it uses double a batteries and gives very good light . the only drawback would be that the switch is too easy to activate .
when it works it works great . but it often quits . i have a drier and filter on my compressor but i couldn't keep the nailer working .
nice item that is a must when fixing or building curcuits . fluid comes out fast so be carful . also has a strong smell , but not overwelming .
this is the brightest light i have ever seen . do not look at it . i like it a lot good deal .
really does a nice job on dust and smoke.moves a lot of air , even on slow.could use outlet air deflector and lower or additional slower speed for smaller shops
while we won't know if it works properly until we have a fire ( heaven forbid ) it assembles easily and tests well .
very easy to install on the wsh-c 125 shower head and my skin and hair feel and looks better for it
bought this as a present for my dad since he doesn't like to carry much / minimalist type of person . is pretty good quality so far . :)
great storage for home use ... it comes with no separator ... the drawers are not very strong , but it works great
i like this concept , but the contacts on the led strips can be a bit of a bugger to get lined up perfectly and keep good contact .
i use these on my cnc machine and they work the way i expected . i would buy these hold downs again .
this tool is a must for tight places . it also uses standard bits for drills , etc works great as advertised ? great price as well .
i burned out my original charger and ordered this as a replacement . if you need a replacment this is the product to buy .
i bought two pairs . these are great gloves for work or adventure . perfect for my use for my knives and metal tools
hooks up my rigid hybrid table saw to my craftsman shop vacuum . all hoses connect well to this reducer . very pleased with the result .
this was used as the top coat to rustoleum metallic red . simply perfect ! ! my son's pinewood derby car had probably the best paint job .
it cuts yes . but just make sure not to put to much pressure or you'll pinch metal . my boss still can't get over that job ! !
overall , this product is ok . i expected the light be brighter . to me , its also more complicated to set up than it ought to be .
i wanted a dependable flash light for my car . this works great . it's small with a strong light for the glove box . this works great .
i purchased this screwdriver because i needed a small combination driver that i could put in my antique clock repair took kit . it works great .
so far so good . working great . sensor seems off on aiming but probably just me . would recommend . will get more .
style wise this looks so much better than the wood seats . it's lighter and does not " thump " when you close the lid .
this cord works very well and is very thick and sturdy . works as it should and is a nice length for reaching outlets .
we enjoy these , now that its spring we put these in our koi ponds and they look lovely , i will be buying more
this tool makes cutting armored cable quite easy . fast and efficient , i don't know how i'd get along without it .
the package of bungees came quickly and are well constructed and are advertised in regard to lengths . i plan to use them with my boat and pwc's .
these bits are sharp and drill easily through plastic , wood and metal without losing their edge . these are the last bits i will ever have to order .
i used them to stop a breadmaker from shaking . eventually they weakened enough to need replacement but i suppose they were an adequate buy .
good . very sturdy construction . foldable can carry lot of weight . i use is almost once every week . i would highly recumbent it .
no cords dragging to interfere with cutting or not having enough length . just go where you need to next and start cutting .
i have the mast-r-lift ii in a router table i built . the adjustment is very precise . it makes setting up stile and rail bit sets much easier .
this has a good mechanism . i like the vinyl coating . it doens't cost much . every home needs a good tape measure .
shopped elsewhere and kept coming back here . worked out for me . i would recommend this if you are in need of getting into your garage like me .
i had several flashlights , none of them worked good so i ordered two of these , they work great , good light .
works fantastic . small size and no batteries . the magnets are very strong which helps find the dry wall nails easily .
this helped our running toilet , but didn't fix it entirely . but now , at least it stops if we jiggle the handle .
battery charges quickly and holds up well . good size for storage . haven't used in a motorized tool but it's good in lights and diagnostic tools .
it is very easy to use and accurate . i use it on a daily basis and very happy with it .
very happy with the lights and would buy again . product is high quality and worth the money we spent on it .
worked perfect for my project . solid and ready to do work . i would buy again if i ever had to .
great product , comfortable to use . little vibration , good dust control . weight is fine.price is great .
i use this in a chandelier , it works well and looks nice . a bit wider than some older bulbs ; has curved glass top .
not even adequate . i returned these . no handles , the receptacles for the sockets are either too tight , too loose , or fall off .
a different version of duracell that you do not usually find in stores . they are performing as good as any i have purchased at local retailers .
the easiest way to join wood . super strong joints . this is a great addition to my k9 jig .
i was working on a couple small projects with no jamming at all . it's ok when you only need a box or two .
like them , used them all , ordering more , is there any better review than that ? low profile too so they don't show under chairs .
cables arrived on time . all seem to be intact and work fine . good price .
a good mixed set of blades . they have all worked well so far , and cut clean . a must have for any jug saw owner
lasts about 30 days before having to dry out . i live in florida and keep in semi-conditioned area and notice no issues with firearms . handles the humidity .
inexpensive enough that i'm not afraid to use it as i wish , and when i need a hammer in an twisted position .
i welded these to the deck on my flat bed , to have a tie down for a cover for my welder , and they work very nice ,
jig works great . the plastic has some flex but that was not an issue in use . cuts nice pocket holes .
and this one is no exception . square d has been making these things for decades , with no changes that i can see . experience has its benefits .
don't know how long they will last but time will tell.do not get your finger prints on the bulb you can install them with the rapper they come in .
this is a great little heater . we do a lot of ice fishing and this little guy will heat up our fishing tent quite nicely .
i use a few of these in my home , kidde is a good brand name and at this price they are a good value .
i like this bender . had one before and lost it . works great and using a little lubricant with it makes it easy to bend pipe .
i just wanted the cap , but this comes with the entire air gap assemble . the finish on the cap matches my other stainless steel fixtures perfectly .
awesome adapter . i've been using for a few years now and it's held up fine . hasn't showed any signs of fatigue from my cp 3/4 pneumatic gun .
great design , adds a lot to the bathroom . good quality , simple , elegant shiny chrome . we like it and recommend it .
it fits right in the leatherman sheath and put a decent edge on knife . it is also tough enough to live through my abuse
a very useful tool to discover how much electricity your appliances use - but then you won't have much more use for it
have been using these to cut wire for various projects . works great.handles are rubberized to keep from slipping . pincers are even and precise .
provides a centered starter hole approx 1/8 " deep . one drill bit was missing the set screw for the drill bit .
a good value for the price the plug will be used on my 10k generator ... not much else to say !
i like the feature that you can charge this battery at any time and leave it on the charger and it is fully charged everytime you need it
i use this at the shooting range to staple on my targets . works well for my use . not much else to say .
ordered these for my husband for christmas . he loves all things dewalt ! they are excellent quality and will be very useful .
its no different then one you get at walmart but it should get the job done that you are trying to do
exactly what was advertised . great length for washing the dogs in the shower . . . . i highly recommend the product .
my hedge clipper and leaf blower use these . the leaf blower lasts about 15 minutes on one battery . the hedge clippers haven't died yet .
this product is very easy to use and really cleaned my belt sander's belt perfectly clean with very little effort .
flux in a pen now i just need my sucker to get here to fix that pesky ford radio lcd what a hunk of junk foerd
i liked the tool but i've had two and neither held up long . the extension to sharpen the serrated portion of a blade breaks way to easy .
comfortable fit . easy adjustments . i can see clearly now ! yes , this is a great accessary to accomplishing those very small adjustments .
these bulbs are outstanding , seem's like they have more light than a 40 watt bulb . i would buy these bulb's again , i own 6 of them .
this suits my needs pretty well . it would be nice if they had a little instruction sheet to go along with it though .
i have a klein from home depot that cost $ 6 more , and this tool is just as good . buy it .
great price for 2 blade set for my table saw . didn't have to drive anywhere to get them either . nice .
its quality is really great . it makes me want to look into more stuff made by mr . beams . recommended .
great value and quality , especially for the price . i would recommend them to anyone looking for a good product where they can get their moneys worth .
i'm glad these are still available for what is now a pretty old planer ! they work just fine .
very very durable for my use . i was cutting through an aluminum door , the bottom section where there is extra support .
tried it just once and it worked very well i did not have it for long enough for further coments
i put these on my patio and on sides of house on fence posts , creates a warm glow and adds security
i was not sure that this item will fit my kitchen sink , but it fit . this is a good item for the kitchen drain .
i think the header says it all . i sent the one i had back . i wouldn't buy this again period .
great value for the $ $ $ - - can't go wrong with a great company like bosch !
got a dremel ? get this kit . it's super cheap for everything you get with it ! besides , you're gonna need all this stuff anyway !
adhesive is holding well so far in the place where i'm using the tape ( exterior ) . the fiberglass component offers additional strength .
a battery is a battery - what more can you say - good price quick shipping - this is a good deal for the price
this works really good . if it is too hot it will flash . works better then most . would get more than one .
makes old wood on wood dresser drawers slide better . easy to apply . and is better than liquid lubrication.great when refinishing old furniture
i purchased two sets at different times . they help organize tools that came with poor mounting racks . quite strong magnets .
so far so good . recommend . had in place about four months . good reaction distance / time . good enough lighting level at garage entrance .
very sturdy , " lived up to " its product details . i plan to order two others for the remaining bathrooms in my house .
better deal than the crap you get at the place where the first word rhymes with gnome and the last word rhymes with creepo ..
works great , makes painting with spray cans much easier and has been very durable . not sure what else i can say .
works well easy to mount and use ( even for an older fella ) . for the price and its practical use i would recomend it .
replaced a red one and what a difference ! quieter , smoother , faster , shuts off quicker ... doesn't even feel like you're sanding !
an excellent price for a full impact set . case and markings could be improved , but it was still a worthwhile purchase
very strong and precise cut for the price . i use them for jewelry making and they do the job of higher priced tools .
have rebult a few rcs with these hex keys and they've held up nicely . using them on stainless and black hardened screws .
these clamps are sturdy built and do the job well . have used them now for several projects around the house and are solid .
it picks everything in my garage even washers that i have dropped that are almost to small to see . i recommend it .
very impressed with how good this little unit works . every tool guy needs one of these in his tool chest or on his truck .
anchors could be longer and more durable . this item keeps falling off the wall and does have a weight limit .
good scraping and plunge cutting walls and boats . makita makes some good stuff . buying their electric chain saw next . .
this thing is ridiculous . must the perfect zombie weapon next to the katana in my opinion . sheath is very well made and holds the knife securely .
the picture hangers do hold the weight as advertised , but they are smaller than anticipated , but a real deal at the price .
very rugged and well made - heavy duty construction - better than the last 2 items i had for my rv - camco customer service is fantastic - highly recommended
keeps your eyes coved but that is about it . cheap plastic and easy to scratch . used for about 2 months and threw them away .
nice litlle heater a little noisy rattles a lot . heats well for a small heater . overall im happy with it
sucks up solder very nicely . not too large with a good vacuum at tip . good for desoldering on circuit boards .
the glue would not come out of the bottlei think it was old or had been frozenbe aware
cheap set of 10 lights which are great for my track lighting . costs less then buying a 2-4 pack locally .
this light shows just the right amount of light . the construction is very solid . this light is highly recommended by me
i only use these on my dremel drill press . they work well and give a smooth hole with minimal deburr necessary
this product works great if you want to have it less than a foot from your leg.end of story .
sometime the task is just too complex or tight and you need a saw like this to get you into and out of the job right .
it's great product.it looks really goos in my bathroom and it's made with great material . i bought two of that for my two bathroom
it finds the stud everytime . i was very surprised how strong the magnet is as it will actually stick to the wall .
trying to restock as shop after my son and his tools moved out . good buy for the money , would recomment
these things work great in tools , smoke detectors , etc . i would never use duracell . energizer all the way ! thanks again amazon and amazon prime .
small , easy to use . it is a little expensive for the low cost of goods involved in the product . just like the big pharma products .
this puppy works just fine . it comes with a few bits and a charge so i was able to use it immediately .
these are pretty good quality , and very reasonable priced . certainly better quality / price combination than anything you would find in your local home improvement store .
bought this exact table on sale at wal-mart for 39 dollars . simple to operate and seems very sturdy . good value at this price .
as a keyring flashlight the solitaire could hardly be worse . the light quality is terrible . it does look nice , though .
does an awesome job at holding my small computer repair tools . quality materials , and for the price , it really can't be beat .
super easy to install , keeps the trickle of water ( and bugs ) out of my garage . works very well and for a really good price .
just a great all around bag of guns and a flash light ! great great great ! they are the best guns !
... and it works like one . what else can be said ? the cordless dremel is a great tool . batteries last a half dozen years or so .
it just does not provide enought light to be used as an additional interior car light .
you get what you pay for but they also work just fine , light weight and go well in a field pack for children .
got these bosch driver bits for back up because i found these to hold up the best under heavy use
this unit feels kind of cheap but it does the job and at a great price . i have no other complaints other then that .
great tools , great price . crescent is a good brand . quality throughout . buy these .
wow ... this thing is bright ... quite amazing for its size . the strobe feature is a nice " safety " benefit . highly recommended .
easy to install , not in the way of operation and allows you to easily hang the tool on your belt , pants or tool bags .
while i prefer a leather sheath , this one works just fine for my leatherman wingman ... it also has other pockets for additional stuff .
water to wash away debris makes this benchstone easier to use around the home . fine / coarse is more like fine / medium but both cut pretty fast .
not a very good product for working outdoors . the line just does not get too taut for using it on long distance applications .
it works well to clean up dado's as it is inexpensive it takes level of skill using a hand chissel .
compact and easy to use on most small sawing jobs . uses regular hack saw blades , but takes up a lot less space .
i have not used . but i can see the quality . the size is right , the weight is right . no complaint .
not yet used . shortly will be used on work benches and other projects .
just used it today . it really grabs the wood without doing a lot of damage . can't say enough good things about psi wood turning equipment .
not a heavy duty or heavy use tool , but nice assortment and have been handy when needed . fit well to the nut .
these lanterns work great for both camping or in case of power outages . the two brightness settings help make the batteries last longer .
i dont like the light these light bulbs reveal give off . yo umay like them better than the regular white ones
good price and works great , a lot better than using a socket adapter and sockets and the quality is very good as well .
a good rope for the emergency kit . what more can i say that hasn't already been said about a rope ?
i received these today and i cannot stop playing with it is definitely a tool i will keep on me at all times
woodstock d2031 foam brush with wooden handles , 24 - piece are disposable :) i used them with oil-based exterior paint . quick & easy clean-up !
bright , sturdy , and lasts forever on the large capacity batteries . it's also surprisingly adaptable at getting the light where i need it working on cars .
easy to install and program . now i never have to turn the yard light on or off ! great product , just wish it was available in ivory .
these are great for tight paces like dusting behind around the back of computers and other electronics where other methods don't work as well .
i've got several pieces left over , but i knew i would . still cheaper than buying individual pieces . they work well and i've had no issues .
these books blend right in and become nearly invisible . a perfect place to keep a pistol handy yet completely out of site
the unit is very easy to install and program . the autodialer is a very useful feature , and it functions like subscription-based systems without the fees !
allows use of 12 sized led bulbs in a standard socket . great price , fast ship , fine quality , works great . rob / ferts / phx
this is perfect for your bug out bag or if your a backpacker . i wouldn't use it for an every day sharpener though , it is super tiny .
a nice kit with attachments in a fitted case . top quality . variable temp is a plus over other heat guns .
these are a good battery . do not seem to lose charge on the shelf , always ready to go when needed for a job .
this brand of tool accessories had a standard , it's performed well with their power tools.no regret buying this item .
delivered damaged . paid $ 4.00 or less for it . was not worth my time @ the time to deal w / it .
i'm very satisfied with this chuck . it is ruggedly built and works great with my lathe . it does all that is required of it .
very good and well made product etc , i use it to prepare surfaces for painting and other uses as well .
this sharpening stone holder is the perfect companion for the dmt 8 " series diamond sharpening stones used in my carving tool sharpening repertoire .
more than a wider view ! seems to actually bring in more light than exists in the apartment hallway so that visibility is excellent . love it .
only lasted a couple of days . i went to change batterys . completely rusted and corroded . what a waste of money .
the click it system works great , will be buying more of them . can click in the boxes and then carry them on jobs sites ,
a good bulb . i bought some because i lost my spare and i new amazon carried them , so that was my first choice as it always is .
this blacklight flashlight is amazing what can be seen using it in motel / hotel rooms and whats on rental car seats , it's great to travel with .
another quality product from kreg . i bought extra ones to go with my kreg jig . they are as good as any others .
purchsed it as i have all the other attachments and rather have it and not need it vs need it and not have it .
true this hose is remarkably lighter and more flexible than you'd expect , but these are overall improvements to rubber . they just take a little getting used to .
this came as an extra for a dewalt drill kit i bought a long time ago , they still hold charge , very please with their performnce !
haven't needed to use these adapters yet , but they look very well made . they were far better than the ones at menards
haven't broke one yet , these are so awesome , if they broke - i would buy them again !
high quality tool does what i need . i make stuff out of emt conduit and this really does the trick .
there's not much you can really say about this single-gang wallplate other than it's exactly as described and comes with the quality one expects from leviton .
thankyou i like this uesd for my car and my house next time i will buy more for this and save more money thankyou .
no batteries required ! it works great for finding screws in drywall . i also own an electronic stud finder but i prefer this one .
did the job ! it was easy to install & is sturdy . i purchased two of these and it's really helped to clean up my garage . ;-)
these gloves seem to work as designed . you'll get reasonable protection and they look like they will last reasonably well .
very sturdy and comes in a nice plastic case and they do work well but just as a safe guard they have a lifetime warranty
this works for our liftmaster neighborhood gate . it works great , but i'm not sure how it will hold up after getting rained on .
i like this holder . it holds my soldering iron firmly . it has an inner coil with holds the solder iron . this prevents me from getting burned .
wonderful flashlight and really bright , clear , white light . never before in all my life have i ever used a more better flashlight .
it fits and it seems to last much longer than the one that i am replacing which became weak after 4 years of use .
love the leather fit and finish . glove sizing is accurate and the thinsulate keeps you warm . very good gloves . ...
goodvway to dispense soap from your sink . i've had it a few months and haven't ad any issues with it .
ready to go right out of the box ; easy to use ; great addition to my shop
a must if you are doing cross cuts . they bolt up solid , retract and extend quickly for use and stowage .
the shoulder pads slip and the padding is too thin but the rig works great . wish it had a drill holster .
product as show ... good quality ... good purchase ... will probably place another order .. i have two compressors so you can't have too many attachments
it is easy to adjust and it holds the adjustment during operation thus avoiding rounded off bolt heads or nuts .
this battery tester works very well , it is compact and does not require a battery to work . its worth the price .
does make the dremel tool so much easier to operate , no longer needing a wrench to load it .
this remote was identical to the one provided by my property management company , and easy to program , although the battery cover is somewhat difficult to pry open .
i use it to lock my garage door . its been out there for a few months and still looks and works like new !
well worth the price . high quality material . i've already used it and it worked great with my new bosch drill
i had to use this hex to loosen my differential plugs on my car.worked well . highly recommended to keep in your tool box .
it fits nice & close to the wall but would be better with a swivel fitting like the 12 " version .
the girls in our pet grooming area wear these to protect their eyes from germ filled bath water , dips and shampoos splashing in their eyes !
seriously ? only one cowbell ? how am i going to produce an epic hit with only one cowbell ? dang it . saving up for a second one .
as an electrician i was raised with klein . great product as expected , strips 6 gauge with ease . would recommend to anyone
i usually keep the 6 " in the dril , but when you have a tight space to work the shorter length bit can help save the day . ;-)
these are good but how much can be said about a razor blade , they are top of the line tho
like this low profile bulb . i use this bulb in my bedside lamp . it throws off awesome ambient light.mhighly recommend
takes up a lot less room than my old battery storage , i have one in a drawer and another screwed on the inner wall of a cabinet .
cool light used for long exposure photography > bought this with some other colored lights to create interesting lighting affects . shows up well on camera
they seem of decent quality , but they are fuses . better than some of the harbor freight ones i bought that literally fell apart .
arrived quickly , and no damage , shipped from hong kong . only uses 1 aaa battery , so its small and compact . my wife likes it .
you really have to mess around with it for a while to get the gas flowing , but definitely works well once you get it going .
this stud finder really works ! i have all the others and they are all crap compared to this unit . i would defiantly recommend this .
i use these in night lights that run constantly . they put off excellent light and to me they seem brighter .
bought 5 of these . i had them place all over my house . easy to install and very compact in size .
had to patch some drywall , these sanding sponges work great for sanding . easy to hold and make a crappy job easier .
too many buttons for my liking but once you read the little manual , it's easy enough to use . comes in a handy box .
works well and is easy to carry or toss in a pack or bag . works well and is easy to use .
i bought two of these to replace lights i had for yearss that were no longer working . almost an exact replacement and they work just as well .
comfortable and clear , these are great safety glasses that allow me to see closeup . also got the dark ones for outdoors .
bought two for a bathroom remodel and they matched very well with the decor and other moen accessories . well recommended .
what a time saver . no longer do i have to walk all the way across the shop to turn on or off my dust collector .
wood working is much more precice than befor.easy to use and adjust router bits hight.happy to use it .
great bit set . accurate , sharp , and excellent storage case . didnt come with the bits rolling around crashing into eachother like freuds crappy packing .
great smooth spackling paste that was very moist and easy to apply . you must hear the lid snap shut to make sure it's closed tight .
too large to use effectively . this is like wrapping a very thick blanket around your water heater , so extremely hard to use in tight fitting water heaters ..
when i ordered my new bosch tablesaw , i ordered this insert to have a spare . it looks good and fits like it should .
it seems sturdy ( it's moen , after-all ) and the settings are easy to switch back and forth . assembled easily , or so my husband tell me .
i got this for the ir gun and it fits perfectly . great addition to keep that ir gun protected and i couldn't be happier .
two bulb legs broke off two of them , as i was soldering them into the board . ridiculous . other than that , the remainder worked fine .
this is the drill bit you need if you are installing wingits without using a stud . the bit went through acrylic faux marble without tearing or slipping .
these make hooking up multiple electrical appliances to a power strip . they make it possible to actually use the plugin's you have available .
aa batteries just wish it was twice as long and used two aa's its almost to small well worth the price and i can see why its a best seller
like the product it work well works well when up on a ladder drill or immpact is handy dont have to worry about dropping it
had to use some caulking to clean up the gaps but its smaller than standard size home depot ones but wtill worked out fine
this little gadget is a pretty neat idea . it encapsulates the connectors well and protects them from damage if they are stepped on .
ordered it online instead expensive fancy one from home depot after reading the reviews . great working simple tool , just what is needed to find a stud .
i feel kind of lazy using this but it makes projects go so much faster . use it with self-tapping screws and fastening things together is ridiculously fast .
i'm very impressed with this scraper ! wish i had discovered it earlier . works very well and is comfortable in the hand .
had an expensive sog pocketknife that was dull as a can be . a few passes on this sharpener and it is like a razor blade .
very nice set . i do a lot of my own home made gadgets . these tools come in handy to help sculpt my work .
i've been using it for two weeks so far , can't vouch for its durability . but so far so good
i bought these to augment my tool set . the quality is adequate for the price point and they will service me well .
what more can i say american made , with pride . shows it still means something to certain people . has every size i needed and well made .
milwaukee has went to china - quality went downhill fast ! blade keeps popping off and the internal parts are plastic ! ! ! buy a dewalt .
this is a handy product . i love the metal inserts . these work just as advertised . they made perfectly matched holes in my cabinet .
very well constructed . i really like this tool and its not real big so its not too bulky hooked on your key chain
i love this gizmo . well made . easy to use . very accurate as compared to quality dmm's . very affordable and simply fun and educational to use .
i have used this product for several years and find the price performance aspect is really exceptional . i highly recommend it .
there is nothing like this high heat spray . just remember to use it on the outside of your grill only .
very handy , in the top drawer ! use them frequently ! replace the other set with broken dull bits , would buy aging in 10 years
simple tool , not much to say . just as you see it . can get them anywhere for a bit more cost .
mag light has really stepped up its game . this flashlight is the real deal , very bright for a flashlight that runs on 2 aa batteries
work perfectly for hooking up y-connectors and slide gates to shop-vacs ... these work great . now if only companies made the accessories the right size
works as described . great tool to have for a diy electrician . have used several times , would buy again and recommend to a friend .
love this sooomuch on the 780 , that i got it for my 716 . wish milwaukee had this for their machine !
ordered this for my workshop it is a solid quality soldering iron , the temperature control is of limited use in my opinion but thats just me .
was a little smaller than what i thought it would be , but worked good for what i needed . seems rugged .
i have purchased many of these lights and am very pleased with them . i will no doubt find places for many more
good drill set , my husband likes them very much . he likes his impact driver for many uses . he would recommend them set to anyone .
good product . it does the job & is well made . the design makes it easy to size . the instructions took some time to decipher .
but it is not . with mounting and support accessories becomes an integrated unit that makes handling longer materials a piece of cake .
along with the fine buff i purchased these . they all worked together great in going from coarse to fine when cleaning metal .
i've found that this chuck needs regular tightening during the turning process but i'm ok with that since wet turning needs time and care anyway .
i bought this as a gift but from what i heard , i'm going to have to buy myself one . very good product .
i needed to replace a showerhead that was falling apart ... nothing special about this one ... but takes care of my needs ...
it works and will last if i don't step on it , but it was costly for a piece of plastic .
read all the reviews and i have decided to order at least one . i wonder if thieves are reading all these reviews on these kind of hiding places ?
this item is definitely better than original material . it is constructed of metal instead of plastic , so it should outlast what came with the toilet .
no more waiting 8-9 hrs for product supplied charger . has really increased my use of leaf blower and hedge trimmer .
the handle makes it much easier to pull the plug out of the receptical , especially when it is used on the end of a extension cord .
this works much better than having no nozzle and getting gunk into your gas diffuser . i agree with other comments that this should have come with the kit .
i have had three of these remotes and two failed after a short time . this was a very disappointing purchase .
it's wire , it works and it was the length they said it was . not much more i can add to this .
i got this for my home already have 2 now and it works great nice to have and the magnetic helps alot .
just can't beat brass for fittings , works great , well made , great finish on each piece , installed them in all the hoses at the fire station
good quality solder . doesn't leave much resin residue yet has enough resin for quick soldering . a bit thick , so may not be suitable for fine pc jobs
haven't had to use this stuff yet but have some time ago . i think it will do just fine for what its made for .
my only complaint is i wish you got more of them in a order . i ues them for both back packing in poor conditions and forien travel .
i'm really impressed with the affordability of neiko products . i have several of their tool sets and no problems . the price just can't be beat !
um , let's see . it doesn't leak . it fits snuggly . it has just the right amount of flex.and three more words makes twenty .
it does what it is supposed to do on plastic sheet material and did not splinter thin plywood . i would buy this again
accurate and strong - it's cut through an entire project of hard wood oak , mahogany and simple pine for helping in remodeling a kitchen - sound investment .
it is very good quality for the price . i have used it 4 times and had it out the full 200 ft.worked perfectly with out any problem .
this is a very high quality ( especially for the price ) cable that has worked flawlessly . molded together so you dont have to worry about it breaking .
these preform well . i've had single blades maintain their edge through 30 or 40 squares of fiber cement . good blades
this is great if you have variable speed drill . as with all dewalt tools , it is well made and appears to be very durable .
good construction and quality . i bought a couple of these to replace some bulbs in my house . so far so good .
works most of the time , but keeps disconnecting and has nothing to do with my home network . very annoying to have keep happening .
the glasses fit comfortably , but they are still very foggy even in the cold weather , i can imagine what they are in the summer heat .
is ok but it doesn't drill but , it cosume a lot of batteries , but between one and zeros one is better for emergency .
so horrible i cant even write a review to express my disappointment with this product . negative stars for this review .
i use this all the time around the house . powerful and good battery run time - it's like a dust buster on steroids .
item works very well easy to use readout very clear and big dial moves very well and smooth and checking voltage is on the money
used the pack while redoing my cabinets . they are bit thin but got the job done . i would purchase again given the price .
these nails are excellent , there are less expensive products but these have had virtually no misfires , there isn't much more to say !
dont you people know moen faucets are warranted for life ! they send these to you free of charge ... call or email them .
was expecting 16vdc out , its ac , sent 2 back before i figured out . it has good mounting hardware for correct to code install .
bought this because a friend i uses this for installing tack stops for carpets . it's mall , fairly quiet and reliable . also , bought a nail gun !
he has it on his keychain . he said he has already used it several times . and wouldn't be without it .
a very nice screwdriver set for the price . it has a good selection of sizes including a couple of stubby ones for tight spaces .
it took several weeks for these things to arrive . but they are awsome . they give out plenty of light and they are totally worth the wait .
the metal wares out to easy and strips the end od the wrench . could be better not for industry work
bought these as replacement batteries for my crimson trace laser grips . they work great , and you get 2 sets for the price of one . highly recommended .
i needed this for my ar blue powerwasher because it came with a cheap plastic one so i wanted to replace it with a brass one .
i think every garage should have wet dry vacuum especially for safety reasons when it picks up water . i love that it is portable .
this is a good size to keep around unless you're in the profession then you might need a little bigger size .
i have not used this yet , but it looks like a quality product and when i need it i have it .
this is a great assortment of dominos to get you started . now i have a good idea what sizes i will be using the most of .
saved a lot of money here over the local big box home improvement store and will buy this again when i run low on biscuits
its ok . the video quality is not very clear . tried looking under a fridge . image was not very clear using it with light .
i carry this with me everyday . it is very bright and comes with a pouch . batteries last about 4-6 months depending on use .
love kreg products , own the jig , various clamps , the shelf pin drilling jig , the crown molding jig and a couple of dvds .
got one of these to load up the tools i need to take with me on a job-by-job basis . great bag .
not bright at all . i hate the twist-on style switch . not badly made but performs like a $ 6 flashlight .
purchased several of the mounting brackets , installed with cable plates ... was able to hide cable and electric connections behind the walls .
the glasses are very clear and good fitting as well . plus i'm a big dewalt fan it looks great with the rest of my stuff .
this dewalt 45 - piece screw driving set is great for project around the house . they are great for any project around the house .
i mounted these on the inside of the tailgate in my jeep to hold a camp axe . this gets the job done and was very easy to install .
you can purchase tarps most anywhere these days ... but not all are made in the usa . this one is . and its quality , too ! !
i use this all the time not only can it be used on the floor but on a wall as well . built in levels a good add on .
very pleased with these bits . handy case . lightweight but durable . bits are tough and i have not had one go dull on me yet !
i used it on a gun stock and it came out beautiful . i used it on top of the low gloss tung oil finish by formbys .
bought this to hold my kayak , it works great and i need to buy another for my other kayak , haven't tried it on a bike .
this is the old low tech way to find studs . it still works well , needs no batteries and fits in the pocket .
tight fit on all ends , decent flexibility , flat cable , no problems with it so far and don't expect to have any .
se 3 pc . power extension socket bits was purchased as a second set for an addition tool box . fillled need without much money for them .
perfect for our needs . very durable design . safely locks in place , stores away easily . use it several times a week . totally recommend .
this is a good crank light , it does not require much cranking to get a good bright light . i will be getting a few more of these .
we we're looking for a little lamp for our kitchen that matched granite counters and that didn't take up much space . it's perfect !
they work fine . only time will tell if they'll last 10 years , like the originals .
this made a lot of difference in my accuracy . well worth the cost and the setup.bandsaw ( kreg ) fence to be installed soon .
easy to mount and easy to use . small enough that it doesn't stand out and look ugly . i will buy a couple more .
works great ; just what i was looking for as a quick , easy hookup for an in-house display for our solar battery system
i put this on top of my rifle safe ( also a sentry ) for pistols . great addition ! buy a new one , not a used one ...
my boy friend is a contractor and he uses this light on all projects where extra light is needed . this is a great contrator tool.buy it ! !
works just fine . better than having an extra hand [ or even two ] to hold stuff as it is worked upon [ preposition ] .
had to get a new seat for the toilet and order this one and it match the color good and fits right and a good price an shipped fast
wixey wr25 mini digital height gauge is a nice inexpensive gauge . nothing exciting about it . so far it works as expected .
not much to say , they are dummy door knobs that match the other we have . these are hard to find anywhere else .
gets into tight spots and takes a lot of force without damage . great for 1/4 drive bits , use all the time .
i bought this lite for my son as he goes spelunking in the summer . he took it into his crawl space and said it lit up the whole area
lol these are great pliers . just what youd expect they are . great for any job . my favorite are the lil needle nose .
nice candelabra lights not too expensive and definitely around the 2700 k range . hopefully they last long and stay bright for over 20,000 hours .
this is not a on / off valve , it is more of a flow control valve . water still finds a way through even when closed .
i bought this to remove sights from my guns . the knurled handle makes it very easy to hold on to . it's very solid and works great .
i trust this product so for now no comments ! only that it arrived on time and it was packaged properly .
nice compact size and good looking . the alarm needs to be louder , or a user adjustment should be provided for our selection
this is , without question , the best item of its kind available . it has a rubber base which keeps it in place when you pull the tape .
like to keep these around the house to replace one that's damaged . they aren't heavy duty but do work well .
needed a white outdoor cord for christmas decorations and this fit the bill , easier than searching forever in those crazy shopper packed stores .
tested my cellar and it works fine . i passed btw . remember to follow all the directions to get a good accurate reading .
i like to have these all over my house , car and outside . they are great for the price so i ordered some for gifts .
i owned klein products and will pay to order more klein tools . the handles are pretty comfortable . very happy with the quality
checked the reviews and this is the best product for the money , great value , light and easy to use , no issue
bought this for some interior paint sprayer work . seemed to work very well and was pretty comfortable . would buy again .
bulk sandpaper for an orbital and cheap too . use this brand professionally . good value good performance . i have used on a craftsman and bosch orbitals
these work great in ceiling fans . i'm sick of the new laws making ceiling fans use crap bulbs .
these hole saws tackle any project and do a great job . been using them over one year and love them ! !
simplicty at the nth . degree . every home tool box needs this . also makes one great fridge magnet ( lol )
these bulbs were a good price and i can see ! i tried to switch to the newer bulbs but they are just too dim for my aging eyes .
these cable locks work good for locking chairs or tables to the motor home to prevent easy theft in the rv park .
very good but i went with the klein because it had a ratcheting feature that could really drive with little effort .
you get what you pay for . i knew they weren't going to be a professional set but even after one use the phillips head screwdriver is already bent .
works as advertised . crank is sturdy and folds out of the way . initial crank of 3 minutes lasted over half an hour .
these kits are very high quality . installation took minutes . the light output is tremendous . i really like this product and would recommend it .
not much to say is same as comes with the base station . just read instructions to associate it with the base and it works fine .
bought these for a 5 and 7 year old . they like them . we plan to use them at an outdoor race car track .
i would say it last 10x longer than the standard bits but i still manage to break a few . still worth the money .
bought several , works like a bessey should.rear base could be made with a wider foot , but i like the high stand .
too tacky for my liking . leaves residue with even the lightest wipe . bought two boxes . probably will end up throwing them out eventually .
glad i spend the extra cash for milwaukee , three years now without a hiccup . has cut everything i have asked it to .
this held up a 5 pound christmas wreath on our glass storm door this year . no issues with it at all .
works ok but does not make glue set as fast as another brand that i have used in the past .
it fits my bucket perfectly and is solidly built plastic . it has a cushioned feel because it is thick with air in the middle .
appreciated the quality of the moen sage line of fixtures . look great in orb and really good installation method with all needs supplied .
these worked fine in my portable vacuum . just like originals and have lasted for over a year of normal household use .
bought this flashlight because of the lumens rating and zoom capability . it is exactly as i expected . nothing exciting to note here . good value for the money
no reason to get anything else , really . for $ 20 more than the big-box brands you get something that is whisper-quiet .
this is a quality product . i have 2 of these now , i purchased the top of the line one initially but this one is just fine .
lots of pockets of different sizes , even a few inside the bucket . can still use the inside of the bucket for large items / tools .
works great handy to use both at home and work.easy on and off and also works well for hands freewhile trying write and do other items .
i to replace the one that was in a kit . they do take a beating . get used every day . price was right
works like a champ and holds like the pieces were welded together . an excellent choice for very tight wood joints .
by having this device i save money by not having toi buy extra nicad batteries which i may add are quite expensive
i bought one of these and like it so much that i bought a spare one . hopefully they stay clear over time .
hose is very stiff but other than that it seems to work ok . i wouldn't buy this again because of the hose .
being night blind these lights mark out hallways , walls and rooms . that lets me move around the house at night when its dark .
5 stars because the tools are exactly as described , enough quality and craftsmanship to be satisfied , and helpful when you have limited working room .
this is a very well made tool and it come in handy if you are doing small jobs in tight places
good value for money . the quality was great and would buy this again definitely would recommend to friends . definitely happy .
works great & every time ! i use it to check moisture on house & garden plants .
love having my sae and metric wrenches at hand to avoid running back and forth to get right size has been a good set
works well . not a lot of light but does what it suppost to do . easy to indtall . would buy product again .
the quality of this tool set was a lot better than i expected . this is a very sturdy and extensive set of trim tools .
product is great . reasonable price . works well in firestorm cordless nail gun . good to have assorted sizes on hand .
when i get to run my heater , i notice the quality of the air coming out of the vents is much better . very happy with the product .
worth the wait , a good flashlight for cheap . it has a regular flashlight beam of light and a single beam
bought a single cell streamlight , liked it so much ordered this 2 cell the following week . very bright and sturdy , highly recommend .
great small tool to put on the survival keychain . has the right amount of tools on it and those complement the others that i have on the chain .
easy to apply , keeps pipe outlets clear to pump water out of basement agree agree agree agree apply , agree agree agree
good charger and the batteries seem to stay charged for a good amount of time . i am happy with this purchase.tom
this is a nice little chuck . very handy to have around when you only have one drill ( an impact ) . pretty good quality at this price .
anyone who knows dewalt , knows the quality of their products . all of my cordless tools are dewalt and i wouldn't consider buying anything less .
mini cree led flashlight torch adjustable focus light lamp is very bright on my shotgun which i uses to get the the thinks that digs in my yard .
fits great , works great , is cheap , what more could a person ask for ? definitely recommend this product for anyone :)
a very strong clamp . i bought this to install on home-made jig i made to obtain a straight line on lumber with excessive crowns . works well .
good tape at a fair price . when used in combinations with the scotch packaging tape hand dispenser dp300 - rd it is great !
very easy to use and versatile . i have been using it as a router and saw guide . it does the job very well
i have only used this sharpener twice since i bought it . however , it does a really good job and does it quickly and effortlessly .
this is not a professional micro tool kit , but for the cost it works good . lots of bits to choose from for just about any application .
this is a great multi-tool with no blade . leatherman can't explicitly claim it is tsa approved , but i've taken it through security many times .
i am professional in the trades and love dewalt . you can never go wrong with their tools . this orbital sander is great ...
husband loves this product . he says it is easy to use and easy to store afterwards . it is exactly as advertised .
great price , great service and great item . it does just as i needed it to for a large allen set . highly recommend
these energizer batteries work just fine and ( being " max " ) they appear to hold their charge as the months roll on by .
great quality metal ( made in jpn , not prc ) plus magnetic tip as well as great design make up a great product
these look better than i expected actually . they are perfect and about a fifth the price of my local hardward store .
great design easy to connect tested and working perfectly i would recommend to a friend that may be looking for one of these plugs
i expected a much better quality extension cord . it's ok but i don't think it'll last too long . will get something better next time .
good price on replacement lamp for fenix light . easy to replace old one & new bulb is just as bright .
does what it is suppose to do . better than home made and cheap enough .
this is what you want if you are serious about fixing all your gadgets - put this in your gadget fixing tool arsenal .
this works pretty good , have no complaints with it ... it serves me well in various capacities . much more reasonable priced than a foredom carver ... lol
this item was a replacement for the filter i purchased about 3 years ago . the previous filter lasted a long time but was in need of a change .
this tool is a must for making stright cuts and keeping your job looking good and on track . great tool .
factory pad for the porter-cable 333 sander is good quality and easy to replace.reasonable price on amazon .
easy function and stands out from other locks on the lockers , easy to use and is a 4 digit combo lock . weighted nicely too .
i left my mag light on in my tool chest for two days and the battery was still 1.4 volt each
very handy and exactly as described , at a great price.although not every size it has the most popular sizes .
too much delivered but well worth the price . i don't know what else to do with the extra but i'm sure they'll in handy somewhere .
great for cleaning gum and great off of parts and maybe a good disinfectant . hard to find this proof products locally . i would suggest it .
i tried this for my first time caulking the other day . it worked fine , and i had no problems . it's easy to use .
loved it , too bad the switch died . the return was a snap . stick with the single bulb lamp . d good day
this is my fav battery powered led flash light . it's light weight , has a nice feel to it and it's pretty bright !
handy tool but you have to tighten the finger nuts with a pair of pliers or it doesn't stay tight .. it sort of shakes when you use it
good adapter does the job . the metal is case hardened and it grips the bits with good force when tightened .
these bulbs have the light color of a metal halide at a fraction of the cost . i use them on outside lighting .
good quality pole , light and strong . head attachment is the only weak point pole is . bit small so a firm attachment is difficult .
i use these in an environment where we spray polyester and lacquers . the prolong the life of your charcoal filters by at least double .
does the job it was intended to do.good quality leather.longer belt loop would be more desirable.desirable . i would recommend this product .
very bright and zoomable , it is very handy at home , it keeps the power for long time when full chargeit threw a lot of light
cute . compact . powerful enough . could be a little lighter ... but added battery weight made it heavier , as could be expected but still worth it .
dressed two neglected 8 " wheels in less than a minute each . use slight pressure to avoid rapid dulling of surface .
this faucet helps to make a 1 sink bath easier to use with 2 people = it swivels . we love it thanks
it's very quiet and very powerful at the same time ! the cord was long enough i didn't to add an additional receptacle .
amazingly brighter than the standard incandescent lantern bulb . now i can see so much better using the lantern . a must have !
needed a line for a blow off gun in my hobby room and this coiled hose works perfectly and stays neat when not in use .
i'm retired and never worked construction but like to have a few projects around the house . this is a perfect device for me .
this thing is handy . i carry it everyday and it put it to use all the time . for the money this thing rocks .
it is a well made light , however the lumen output is over-rated.it is light and compact and easy to carry .
i bought this to attempt aiming a cell phone amplifier antenna . it did not register at all so cheerfully returned it .
i love the fact that they come with the rubber covers so that nothing gets scratched up . perfect for all the small projects i do .
great product . i bought them for additional support for projects i am doing on the workmate bench i recently bought ,
helps so much with working on the old car . leverage is a must with rusty bolts , so this helps a lot !
for around the house it's long enough to do any job i have to fish wire or line thru & it doesn't rust .
great bulb for those special applications . these are clear and bright . i recommend them , if you need a small base bulb .
a nice extension pole to have . whether to clean walls , paint walls , and / or change a light bulb , this extension pole can be handy .
this is a heavy duty high quality pin vice . even the smallest drill bits did not slip . i highly recommend .
it fits , well , looks great , and charges our devices . it is convenient to have this mounted near the kitchen counter .
i like this item and it works well . i put in pricey lithium batteries and it seems to last a very long time .
i like the light color ( it is a warm white color ) . i also like that leds are instant on unlike cfls . highly recommend this bulb .
i've always had trouble ripping 8 ft pieces of plywood . with this gadget it is a snap now . would recommend it to any diyer .
i sure like this product simple safe storage that fits inside a spair tire great idea and worth having in all family cars
this bulb is the exact size needed to replace the bulb in the base of a small giber-optic christmas tree .
this offered a good solution for an old tub that was not plumbed for a shower . easy to connect and works well
seems to work , no wires needed , recharges easily . too soon to tell if it really controls humidity but at his point i am satisfied .
i really like the mechanix wear gloves for working in the shop , particularly the fast-fit series . great fit , dexterity and feel . i highly recommend them .
these are a great set . they come with pretty good quality brad point drill bits on the larger ones and they work great .
this tool allows you to have extra leverage on those pesky tensioners , in addition you gain a low profile ratchet socket set of 10-16 .
love this stuff . just make sure you get the lid on tight after each use . it will dry out fast .
this is a great addition to my lathe drive centers . its well balanced and grips wood with a firm steady hold .
excellent choice of screwdrivers in the set.very reasonable price . can use the package to hang the screwdrivers too . great buy .
great level . made in taiwan , but that's pretty hard to avoid these days . very nice to have the top view on 30 and 45 .
i use this on an outside outlet that powers a heated bird bath in the winter . i tested the gfci and it works flawlessly .
the only toilet tank flapper that worked for me . it has several installation methods to solve any problem you may have
i've used this drill now three times and it dose it job without blinking an eye . it's fast to charge and load the battery .
standard pipe seal tape . i used it on a new shower head and a new faucet install . no leaks , works as expected .
good knife and a good price . quality steel . the sheath is good and the feel of the knife handle fits my hand nicely .
i would reccomend these air whips to anybody who needs an air whip to install on thier air tools , buy now .
this product is constructed well and appears durable . it does exactly what it was designed to do and is easy to put to use .
these are very handy for gun smithing work . i have already used up the smaller ones in 2 grits and will be ordering a 2nd kit shortly .
ends are soldered , wire length is good , wire gauge is good . two of each color , black , green , yellow , red .
barely used , but will not charge . i am not going to buy another milwaukee cordless tool . my bosch and matabo tools last a lot longer .
good metric hardware . most sizes i use are in the box.well worth the money . it is a good quality hardware set .
haven't used yet . will have to rate later when it is used . we will do a little more research next time before a purchase
recommend to others who is looking for 100 ' 12 gauge extension cord . the lower price in comparison to lowes and home depot .
powerful yet cheap . i use it in smoke alarms . i never had a bad onerecommendedoh and if anyone has any questions for me please feel free to ask
this is a simple 4 conductor cable a 1 to 2 splitter and it works . what else needs to be said .
these work great . had no problems at all . i would recommend these to anyone who has a project where this type device is required .
i ordered this to refinish my kitchen and bathroom cabinets instead of paying for new . the next day , amazon dropped the price to $ 36.99 .
i have a few of these now and use them on noisy loads to reduce insteon communications issues . wish they were smaller in size though .
best utility knife i've ever used . easy to open and close and also easy to change blades . sturdy . handy storage for one extra blade .
nice little set of ring pliers . it comes in a case that seems somewhat durable . a great buy at $ 7 and made in usa !
i use this bulb in the winter time and i always notice a big improvement in my overall mood and energy level . highly recommended !
does exactly what it's supposed to do , and has been very helpful getting into recessed locations . a perfect match for my 12 volt milwaukee nut driver .
these work great to install all my drawer knobs , and the price was really nice . i would definately recommend this .
busts through small nails , screws , bolts like it's supposed to . it has made life so much easier . for small tasks .
it's about time someone made a small magnetic level with the magnets on the grooved side . perfect for commercial electricians .
these are the only mr16 ' s i could find in led that fit in out tiny fixtures , i hope they last ...
it folds and unfolds easily . it's sturdy , works well , and is easy to move around . it does everything a step ladder should .
small durable , uses readily available aa batteries & bright . i carry this flashlight daily and love it . much cheaper than surfire .
a very good product would-be-useful for many activities around your house.just switch off the middleman - hammer , it won't be anymore needed .
i work maintenance , this was purchased to carry a small amount of tools , it works fine for a few tool only .
the wallplate fits well and seems to be of a good quality.what can i say ... it does the job well and looks good .
i ordered these filters to get free shipping . they work , can be washed and used again . glad i found them .
i ended up not using the brackets yet . however , i can attest to the quality of it . the grip is strong and the operation is easy .
feels a bit loose but does clip the cigar end effectively . not sure how durable it is , but then does not get a lot of use .
these work great for the little wiring projects i have been doing around the house . i would recommend these all the way .
the fit and finish on this piece is very good , i look forward to using it more on future projects .
i bought this for christmas for my husband . he whipped through the handles on our new cabinets in no time flat . happy husband , happy wife .
not much to say , works great for me so far but i've only had it for 3 months . i will update at a later time
this does not stay attached and then you have to find glue or toss , so in turn did not work for me .
we bought this for my father ( retired carpenter ) and he is loving making all sorts of things . he has had no complaints .
this level's indications for vertical and horizontal level checks , agreed exactly with my metal levels - 24 " and 6 " levels .
got this to hold my hitachi framer since it did not include a case when purchased . this case fits with plenty of room left over .
the tools are nice with the set screw making it easy to change a bent or busted bit and the case is very well made
klein tools is the best of the best for hand tools ! not the cheap crap that comes from overseas . does what it suppose to over and over !
good bag . they hold up great . seems to take whatever i throw at it . i have several for my dewalt tools
very handy with quick references to assuring your work is level or plumb , the magnet is plenty strong and it is easy to read . love it .
the description for this organizer box states than the dividers are removable . only two are removable , the rest are not .
performed as expected in all ways . nothing bad to note . nothing above and beyond either . good thing as it would require another star .
easy to wear all day , clear quality lens . i used them all fall and they still look like new . good product .
i like this doorbell . it is plenty loud enough and has multiple tones . it looks good in the hallway too .
i think every tool needs an extra battery , so i bought this one for extra power supply , since one isn't included
replaced some dated units with two of these and one smoke only in the basement area . installation was easy and the units function well .
this is the same filter you would buy at dealer or box store just alot lower price , fits perfect and the same quality .
wells just fine for non professional use.for regular day to day home use , it should do just fine and shall last a while if not abused .
finally the kids dont have to be told to " quit slamming the seat " ... this is a nice seat and a nice invention .
bought this for the garage . works very well and is sensitive which is good . i would highly recommend for the garage !
crazy good and super , super flexible . i'll be getting a second one while i still can in case the dog eats this one .
very good build quality and they seem to go forever , i have yet to strip one of these with my makita drill and very good price too .
ecological but kind of large . any way it is a good choice when you are trying to save some energy and money .
i chose to facilitate the work place location for drillingi have not used yet , but will be very useful
great product - hold up well to continued use ! assorted sizes cover a range of uses . recommend to anyone needing bungee cords .
easy for this first-time homeowner to install and working fine in all three toilets after about 9 months . price is right , too .
scrubbed well and does the job . it fits on a variety of extension poles and is easy to taker on and off .
worked good for a few days . i guess it could not handle rattling around on my motorcycle . dyed in just three days .
this is a real bargain compared to buying these at hd or lowes . very good quality product at a really good price .
i received the dewalt batteries very quickly and in great shape , and at a fair price .
bought this accessory to make it easier to replace the windows in my house . what a great purchase . wide enough to let me work safely and quickly .
i bought this to do some rewiring of my cars electrics . it did the job . crimps 8 , 6 , 4 , and 2 awg .
perfect for camping and emergency . cut very fast and more stable with two person . i recommend a extra blade for just in case .
works well enough to organise the wrenches in my tool box , some fit a little oddly , but works well enough .
this and a good strong shop vac is a must for any grinding on concrete . fit the tool well and was easy to install .
highly recommended for any house . my previous one got clogged from dust and dirt when i put in my french drain . has worked flawlessly for a year .
great deal w / quick shipping . wheel / mandrel combo work well for my varied purposes . wheel benefits by minor trimming with carborundum stone to improve balance .
i havent used this yet , but i am sure that it will be a nice change to using the original one that was shipped with the tool .
this was to replace one that went " missing " off a job . right tool for the right tweek . in my tool bag again
a great ladder--just the right size and weight for me . i hope to be able to use it for many years .
very nice set for an amateur starting to build a tool box . for the price , it really is a bargain .
does what i need it to do . hard to believe i went without one of these for so long.great
this spacious tool bag is wonderful and so roomy that i wished i had bought two of them . i definitely recommend this tool bag .
dose not over heathas charged over 900 times and is like brand newif mine broke id replace it in a heart beat with the same product
the ones i received this week had expiration of mar 2017 , so these are plenty new for me . i am pleased with the deal i got .
good , but not as strong a grip as i thought . met my needs .
this tool kit is great . the only issue i have is that the tips of plastic pry bars tend to break easily .
i used this mask with the 3m p100 filters . the mask seals tight and is very comfortable . this is way better than the paper n95 masks .
very good steel tight fit on sleeve recommend highly.good for long reach locations , runs straight & true good value for the price
this is a very solid tool with good features , one of which is the size--perfect for an under-seat bike bag .
porter cable makes an excellent quality biscuit . very rarely do i camo across a malformed one and have to peal loose splinter to make the biscuit work .
these penlights have worked very well and last for along time . for the price you can't beat this !
one of its great uses is with a rotating sanding disc . the battery powered versions run out of steam too often
milton makes the best ! period ! worth the price difference . do not buy the chinese junk . had leaks from the cheap stuff .
i use these in my bathroom vanity . the original bulbs lasted 2.5 years , these bulbs lasts 1.5 month . burnt out 2 sets in 3 months .
handy to have ( i keep it in my car trunk with my travelling tools ) and easy to use , a great value for the money .
this is a good replacement for the stock light bulb that comes with the dewalt flashlight . it increases battery life hugely over a light bulb .
bought these with my dewalt dw304pk 10 amp reciprocating saw.they do what they say , real tough and ready for action !
i purchase a set of these about 9 years ago , they do a decent job of racking my wood without extending from the shop walls .
i ’ m really anal and wanted a tiny level to make sure that my pictures were level . this is absolutely perfect .
i have the 42 lb . little giant ladder & the wheel set makes it super easy to roll the ladder . installation was simple .
shipped as promised and has not let me down yet.fluke leads work great on the meter and have checked it for accuracy and seems to be very accurate
these are reasonably priced compared to hardware stores . they are nice looking and do the job . they are a very dark bronze almost black .
for a small flashlight this thing is bright ! best one i have ever owned . well worth the money . love it !
excellent cutting results on my 28v skill saw . very clean cuts . it will be worth resharpening , rather than just tossing when it gets dull .
said it was compatable with my garage opener , but wasn't . not a total loss because it worked for my neighbor .
light does not have the features advertised . flashing mode , and dimming mode . lights seems to work ok so far . just had them a few days .
this tool has worked flawlessly so far . i haven't had a single issue with it . great tool .
i'll just keep this short , watch the review by nutn fancy and i bet you will have this light before next week . it's just that good .
not a whole lot to say , this was a great buy for a simple cheap tool . bazinga fancy pants ' merica
great , durable flashlight perfect for highlighting aircraft sections 25 ft high . very bright and compact size compared to a d cell flashlight .
the product works perfectly one a wall that is dry-walled . it's easy to use , and it never misses .
mounted easy and it's as quiet as my panasonic wall mount model that was 3 times the cost . i will be ordering another
very good product and quality . my wife used them so much that we have pairs in the car , house , etc .
bought these for my survival plans & bug out bag , great to have if any serious viruses ever occur , good price for 30 & well made .
needed some long shaft drivers for tight places for use on my quick disconnect drill . this bit set worked very well .
works good . didn't bring my bad battery back to life , but i didn't expect it to.charger is brand new and works well
these are simple enough , what you see is what you get . great for easy jobs . don't expect these to turn your drill into an impact wrench .
the gatco 4682 channel towel ring , chrome was easy to install . it has a good quality chrome finish and is very sturdy .
i haven't used this product yet but i can reassure you that it will servise the perpose it was designed for .
this is a funky gift item anyone that hikes or camps . i bought half a dozen to give to friends and everyone liked it .
excellent sound protection in my woodworking shop ; light , easy on and off . second pair i've owned . definitely worth the money .
just stand them on the floor ... light up fast and stay lit long enough to get where you're going . they work .
for the amount of cash outlay it would be difficult to find a better bolt cutter . i'm satisfied with the purchase .
very well made , works with all sort of outlets.great system to put together and too fit in place.arrived on time , i recommend seller and product
these are the best i was able to find for the price . recently found out that i have glaucoma and have to wear sun glasses forever
well , i bought these to use with a wen nail gun , and they work excellent . using them mostly for trim work .
great for keeping the beige carpet clean on a new car where people generally put their feet !
only blub that fits my overhead hallway lamps . easy to install and uninstall ... even if bulb is broken . twist lock
this safe is very convient , easy to operate , and at a good price . i highly recommend this safe to all gun owers for gun security .
it was good while it lasted but it started flickering and then going off intermittently . is this why amazon no longer carries this bulb ?
very strong magnet , it will hold the long screws too . i use it in my corded screwdriver and cordless also . i bought it on amazon.com
this little flashlight is the right price and works very well . it has sufficient light output for everyday use and has a fairly long battery life .
works great , no taste , right size as a little goes a long way plus at a very great price compaired to local stores
this thingamajig worked in my bathroom sink , but it's a bit tricky to clean it afterwards . the price was right , and i'm happy i bought it .
nice , small solar powered outdoor light . not very bright however it does get brighter when one walks close to it and all is as advertised .
i wish i had gotten this a long time ago ! this is perfect to control the outside led lights on my rv awning !
perhaps , they are not the best around , but they do the job . i made a few holes in a wall using a hand-held drill .
perfect , i love the variety , the sizes , and you can wall mount them in their holder that comes with it .
this is a really great tool ! dewalt has been my driver for 15 years & now i have 5 of them ...
i use it to cover my face cord of firewood . seems like the perfect type and size of tarp for that purpose .
i was given a non-working flashlight and figured it was worth the investment of new bulbs . they worked , and i am quite happy with the results .
the unit is easily installed and monitored . i have two detector units and they pick up even small animals moving in the yard .
this has tons of little bits and bobs for everything you could imagine . i am going to have a great time using all of this .
used as a tub alarm and did not work well . i had to return it .
the cute is great and the look is even better . they feel great in my hand .
this is a very well made drill / driver . i use it at work on a daily basis , and it holds up to all kinds of abuse !
this is a great little flashlight it does a great job and is very bright . this is a great deal worth every penny ! !
great looking and working flashlight . i use it everyday since working overseas . i will be ordering more for my friends .
easy to use when connecting some shorter pieces of hose . be sure to clamp tightly .
a great deterant for anyone who might be thinking about doing something bad . it works great and is an excellent value
very pleased with this flashlight . i especially like that parts can be purchased inexpensively on line . the quality of this flashlight is very acceptable .
the toro likes this plug and i don't know if the extra money to buy a platnium plug matters but for the extra few bucks why not .
these are your basic cheap brushes but they hold up okay . for the money they're a good deal . the end .
i bought two of these and they are great . i will probably buy a couple more , because they are quite useful .
i'm sure it's ok the price was good but it does clearly say made in mexico where as the picture shows made in usa
large . you can't put 2 units into 1 outlet . the 1 - foot extension cables are perfect for it . no issues yet .
the whole kreg system is one that i use often and with great success . i am a novice woodworker , but the system makes joints look quite professional .
the shipping was fast and seems to be made of quality products . hopefully i never have to use it but if i do i'll post an updated review .
these were remarkably easy to install and configure . once configured very easy to tweak and to override when needed . and good price compared to everything else .
you need to screw it on the tape will not hold so be prepared to drill some holes and use a few screws .
nice substantial bulbs are dimmable and give off a pleasing quantity and quality of light . there is hardly any delay in starting . i will buy more .
theses are your typical product from jessem ; quality , well built and useful.they can be stacked in tandem or used as singles .
works well , very bright . light weight . i'll see how long the battery lasts . but , so far , it's just was the darkness ordered .
these are a good deal for the money . they are not $ 50 cutters , but they are well worth the money .
the price was right , the numerous pockets keep everything very organized and easy to see , and shipping was fast . what more could i ask for ?
bought these for my husband per his request . gives the exact measurement for this tool . would buy this item again .
these are perfect for those landscape lights that take the mini halogen spot lights . the light is fantastic and the price is right .
generally good . the blade can be smoothed as it can with some rough spots . it should not be difficult to fix .
looks good and works well . easy to program . small enough to be somewhat inconspicuous but large enough to find . buttons are a nice size .
for what it is , especially at this price it's a nice light duty but super handy tool for a computer tech .
i wanted to use this to cut repeatable mortises and it works great ! when this one wears out , i will buy another .
my wife has no sense of smell , so this will help her keep from burning the house down by leaving the stove burner on .
they are working well in the coat and flash light i just bought from you . i would bye more dewalt products when i need them .
works like a charm . very bright , durable and has a perfect reflector to make a good , wide covering light pattern for working on things .
this drill attachment is the best thing to have anybody like to have drill actually have this was my choice
these pins work great and are definitely what i had expected . no issues at all when using the grex pins . great product .
easy to carry and very effective , i was even able to sharpen a machete with this little tool , no more dull blades ! !
this would be great except it is a little small . guess i should have read more about the dimensions before i ordered .
these head lamps are a good product i have gotten good feedback from people that have used them for night kayaking and gator hunting and fishing at night .
my needs changed and these tack cloths were returned . what more can be said about something that was unused and an unopened package .
good pressure switch , screws on good and works fine . thats all i ask for , something that works the way it should .
great seat , installs easily , and the quick detach feature makes cleaning it so much easier i might not even avoid it !
hk1 hydrokinetic adjustable wrenchthis wrench is handt.when i have a quick job to do . i don't have to go to the big tool box .
fits like a glove , very well balanced in my hand and will get big to handle the larger jobs.built to last and worth every penny ...
one of those things that you might not need but the price says you might so i have it in the box when i do . handy item
great clamps . nothing wrong with them they work great but i really favor the jorgenson clamps a bit more because the mechanism works better .
i own several of these maxsteel adjustable wrenches from stanley and they are well-built and comfortable to use . would recommend .
great level cheapest price i could find on this level use it every day works great for running conduit and leveling pipe racks boxes and panles
this unit is a combination carbon monoxide and smoke detector and works very well . just set it and forget it for a year . excellent product !
i haven't made a bad cut since , especially when cutting base board and crown molding . i would highly recommend this to anyone making precision cuts .
just the ticket . makes childs play out of hard work . i use it for so many things i don't know how i got along without it .
i am happy to have these in reserve . i am stocking up on others also . of course they work fine . i hope for reasonable longevity .
great chipping hammer , im a home owner handyman and this stands up to the job , price is right and i would recommend to buy this product ,
it's cheap enough to keep a pair in every car . i never need to worry about forgetting the sunglasses again .
this thing rocks , installed very easily and works great . i recommend this to anyone that needs an additional outlet where they don't have one .
very bright for such a small light . i like the fact that i can carry it in my pocket . very good quality also .
very well made for the price . it comes with several extra blades which is really handy . the handle is also very grippy until you get sweaty hands ;)
i own the leatherman charge tti and broke a few bits a while back . this was a great find to replace those and they work terrific .
and i have a nifty storage box to go with it . for my home projects , there is a nice variety of bits to get the job done .
works ok for what i need it for . i hope this helps anyone trying to buy this item . have a good night
this package is one to get for price and combination of tools for your robot repairs and models .. worth every cent .
works fine . easy install and saved me some money . home depot and lowes did not have it at the time .
my very creative and space minded wife wanted these for a wall fruit and snack station for the kids , ideal for her use and she loves them .
great for quick changing of bits in your dremel . i haven't had any issues with it . i would definitely recommend it .
very nice product easy to install good directions . would use these again in the future . thank you very much . thanks
great soldering iron to have . i use frequently to solder a variety of stuff and it never failed . highly recommended for hobby jobs and may be more .
this chalk line is very high quality , winds up smoothly and quickly , and the aluminum housing feels durable . i'd buy it again .
even thou this tool set is inexpensive , it works well . very handy to have . it has worked for me well .
this level is small enough to fit in the slot of my toolbox , and hot pink is less likely to be carried off by folks borrowing it !
perfect amount of warm light in our bedroom , and i love the " no outlet lost " feature . i'm buying another for the bathroom .
this product does just what i needed it for , and that is to let me know when my pets are ready to come in .
great little tool set for the money . bought these to work on my vstar motorcycle and they work great . makes breaking allen bolts free much easier .
nice not have to march out to the warehouse store to this , enough for two uses , car and a fryer i have
it was very easy to wire and the large handle makes it simple to plug and unplug.seems durable enough .
replaced an energizer rough neck flashlight and this dual system is great for the light duty service use . i highly recommend this product .
this little set takes up minimal real-estate in my crowded tool box , yet remains organized in it's easy to use little holder .
cuts wood fast and easy . the blade shows no signs of wear after a week of frequent cutting .
can't beat the price & quality . you really can't beat this product if you need any bungees , so give it a try
so far it has saved a lot of time installing bits and adjusting height . good product .
excellent ! ! ! good quality . in perfect conditions . is a very good item , the same at see in the amazon picture , love it
this product is no longer on the market , i called dremel corporation to inquire and was told the product has benn discontinued .
if you don't want your staples to rust in a couple of years , get these . they are well worth the cost .
i have used the blades for coping crown moulding . the blades are sharp and stiff enough to cut cleanly and accurately . very good blades .
perfect for working with wood . i make jewelry out of everything and these drill bits are perfect when making rings out of wood .
works well . just remember to unroll it and get the bends out and then pre-measure by putting it in place before doing any cutting .
perfect for anyone with a patio / balcony that needs to stay clear of random debris . this is light weight and easy to use .
this cord works well and was a good price . i would have given 5 stars if the chord was a little bit more flexible .
i installed it in my trailer to stop guessing with those stupid lights they supply for checking battery voltage ... and it works great
works great . was all i expected to be . would definitely buy again . this is a great product . thank you
for the money spent the bits cut quite well.can ' t say how long they will last i have only had them for a couple of months .
we installed new doors at the house and they are metal skined not wood skined . the magnetic curtain rods work like a charm . enough said ...
this rack does exactly what it claims to do . easy installation without a lot of work for holding small quantities of lumber .
for a small inexpensive tool this works very well . if you have very tight clearances to get screws out this works out very well .
this work very good at charging my li-ion bats , it is the fastest charger on the market also . at 1000ma per channel , charge is very fast
someone had a great idea when they came up with this product . i have used it several times and continue to find new uses .
this tool has all the torque you need to change tires on the road . lithium batteries are a must if you need to change multiple tires .
this works fine and is easy to install . the seller's packing sucked so that's why only 4 stars , otherwise i'd give it 5 stars .
i have only gripe , and that it won't break a window . that said it's on my " survival necklace " . it's small , sharp and safe .
this protector for outside plugs is ingeniously designed and makes for a secure , weatherproof connection in all kinds of weather .
this thing is a beast ! it went in so easily and painlessly , and is very nice .
this thing is worth the money . it makes the whole unit look better in my opinion . also it costs so little , why not ?
would recommend to anyone . it is thin and very sharp . a major improvement over my last blade . gotta love freud .
i use this tool all the time . it is a solid and essential diy tool for home repair projects and such .
it is cheap and doesn't wok worth a darn avoid this at all cost the photo is nothing like the product
i've been using this for 6 months with my indigo setup and it's rock solid . just make sure to plug it into a circuit with not much traffic .
these are very nice more then i thought they would be very happy with them and think all should have them .
it's hard to believe that i would ever need all these bits during my lifetime . this is a once in a lifetime purchase .
happy with this purchase . it will keep my power tools trickle charged . this way i will always have a battery ready to go .
best darn tape measure i ever found to carry in my pocket and it's even 10 feet long . stanley's are good .
what can i say ? they serve their purpose and they do it well . worth it , if you have the need .
they do seem to last longer and work harder . helped with my allergies and dust . for me they are worth the extra $ $ .
nice finish , easy installation to replace cheap knobs on rv . price was better than big box stores . bought another set for the kitchen .
for the task , these screws are the answer . i haven't used but a few so far and i'm satisfied with the results .
take in my old belt as my waistline reduces and place new belt holes as needed in my tack for horses as well as holster rigs i need to adjust
worked like a charm truing up my grinder wheels . an essential part of the wolverine sharpening system and well worth the investment .
works as advertized , handy accessory to have and hold different brand name bits . magnet in tip is a plus , just what i needed .
the brackets are adequate but the steel is very thin and flimsy , so you cannot screw very deep or it will deform . nevertheless , it works fine
great for big tasks and small ones . a little big for carrying in my backpack . but you can open anything with this " fat " screwdriver .
i use for soldering jobs mainly - but i'm sure i'll find other uses for it . it's solid , adjustable etc .
these always come in handy . they are definitely worth the price because cheaper imitations ( which i've had before ) will break too easily .
definitely worth it rather than getting burned from molten slag while welding . built well , fits well and does the job at a reasonable price .
works on some of my tools but not the router i bought if for . i'll keep it around as i am always messing with some new project .
the on / off switch works perfectly . the spray pattern is very good and the water volume is excellent from this shower head . would purchase again .
i have 3 rotary dremels and decided to give this attachment a try on model 200 . fits / works like a charm and will stay on it permanently .
not much to say about this bit set . it does the job . i haven't had any issues with the bits breaking or becoming dull .
precision ground , very sharp best of many that i have looked at . hopefully it has been hardened and stands up over time .
i would suggest to anyone to buy them they r good batterys but now i like 2 kinds of batterys the 26650 5000mah 18650 5000mah
i have had no issues and hides very well ! i had some paper inside so you can't hear anything ! recommend it highly !
although i've only used it a few times , it puts the nails in great and is such a great time saver .
excellent value . you get enough product to last a lifetime at a reasonable price . this is a no brainer buy . the rouge works well on strops .
not exactly what i had wanted but it was as described . it was less than i expected and plastic like coating .
wrenches are good enough for occaisional use . one of the wrenches was omitted from the set . how can that problem be addressed , i do not know .
i have several squares but most are gray it is eraser to fine this one in my too chest . great deal .
really helps support longer boards through the saw . better than a tripod roller , which can tip over if you catch the roller on the side .
this is a beautiful tool that has seen much use in my shop already . packaging is exceptional ... i hate to throw away the box !
works like a charm . good tool . i have used it in trimming trees and it has performed better that i expected .
great fit and holding up very well so far - the ones i buy at my work don't hold a candle to these .
great product ! i love the colors that light up when i turn i my water to wash dishes an my hands !
this is a very inexpensive , well made , hose . it is easy to install and does a great job . you will love it .
i have not used it long enough to offer an opinion on durability , but it does what it was designed to do very well .
i use this in my electronics repair business - works great . buy it , speak softly to it and she shall never betray thee .
i have used this saw to cut 2 and 3 inches branches for our chimney fire it has not disappointed me at all . you should get one too .
i had to replace one i've had for years and was finally worn out . this tool is a great value and works quite well
very good scraper and they come in a way that they take better and thicker blades for more heavy duty work . love them . very good item .
this is a great way to increase your storage space . relatively easy to install . holds quite a bit of stuff .
the product is cheaply made and half would not fit in the lamp sockets . inexpensive but i would choose another brand . vendor was fine .
i use this to power my electric log splitter and it is perfect . great price or a great product . don't hesitate to purchase .
this flashlight uses a single battery but is brighter than a regular flashlight that uses 6 batteries and the patter is really nice
this zircon is lightyears ahead of the one i bought several years ago . really nice to have the center of the stud identified .
cheap , burns out quick - probably should get the better kind - not worth the hassle of changing it every week
fairly good quality plastic , and it worked well . though slightly flimsy . but for the price , it's an excellent buy . purchased a total of 8 .
beautiful princess . instead of sticking on one place , i spread it around the house . it is very beautiful . love it .
works well overall ... just seems like i always have to enter the code at least 3 times before the keypad accepts it .
i just bought these when i bought a new nailer , i didn't want to wait for the order from my regular supplier , these are a little pricey .
bought these switch plate covers because i really don't like the nylon one sold at hd . leviton makes a quality product .
i have a pair of powered monitor speakers with individual power cords . this let me put them together into one switched outlet on my power panel .
this simple invention should have been developed years ago . a simple lever principle that has been used for many years for moving large machinery so why not furniture .
i bought two of these for my two pre-teen boys . they love them ; and the tools really come in handy .
good buy ! lite works great and has good strong beam considering only one aa battery . have bought many more and used on my guns also .
i'm no master electrician but after performing basic residential wiring in my house this little device will tell me if i got it right .
worked great for motorcycle seat upholstery . the staples had no problem tacking the fabric to plastic . comes with storage case and staples .
kudos to whomever came up with this design . works great and looks nice at the same time .
these strips have worked well protecting my new floor from scratches . i prefer the round ones , but these are good for narrow places .
after two years its never leaked and still has a smooth fluid movement when diverted . worked good for me . ok
i can't get it to put out light for more than a couple of min .
these were ordered for emergency packs for the car . they were perfect for what we needed and anyone making anything emergency related .
have use this gauge all of the time . it is easy to use and has an adequate degree of tolerance . recommended .
this bulb is much better than the sylvania one it replaced . it sure does the trick and does not flicker .
i like these glasses but they are too bold and really stand out in a crowd , so i use them for shooting and wood cutting at home .
burns 24/7 in a bath exhaust unit . provides enough light for a midnight date with the facility . 3 more words required
excellent product . the materials are sturdy and the 4 batteries last about 9 months before replacement . however , the lights are over-priced for what you get .
arrived without any damage ; shafts are straight as arrow and drum holds up to a lot of work ! thanks and will be a customer again !
quite easy to install , and adaptable to slightly different positions for screws.the touch-to-hold works great . just push the door away slightly to allow it to close .
beautiful mailbox , i am very happy with it . it looks very sharp . i wished i had bought it at an earlier time .
i was hoping that i could use these to slide the heaviest of my furniture . but they are much too thin .
used this diamond wheel to trim glass tile from around outlets etc . did a great job ! still haven't used the flex shaft ...
great price and they work well for small projects , though we've never actually used them for drawer slides in the practical sense .
a high quality exhaust fan that is not as quiet as it should be based on its price . works and looks fine .
needed a new one for old drill works great charges fast and so far ( many uses ) seems to hold a lot of energy
i think this is great , using it on a 36 volt impact wrench , have had zero problems and the fit seems plenty tight .
easy to replace and is a huge improvement then the old one that wouldn't hold the sand paper anymore . makes sanding a breeze
got this for my bedroom quiet and plenty of light love the wood color matched great and love the brushed nickel finish great buy ! ! !
what can i say , they do what they should and cheaper than some others . i use them for finishing wood .
simple switch to do the job.pros : - on or off function - solid design and constructioncons : - larger than necessary
a nice product . i bought two and had one with an igniter problem but that is being rectified now . other than that it is good little torch .
i like these little blocks and they make more sense than constantly changing rubber blocks . easy to install and just plain do a better job than rubber .
it does exactly what it's supposed to do . it was easy to install . it's made of metal . i have no complaints .
i bought this to replace the incandescent bulb in an rv outdoor light fixture . it fits nice and has great output .
very cheap looking and the thickness of these items is a joke . uneven at the ends of the work area . basically a waste of money .
this looks like a solid ladder . i hope i never have to use it though .
i bought this as an oem and all i did was put in the batteries and viola ' , it operates my hampton bay fan perfectly .
light weight , easy to use . handy for items that are not too heavy <3 5 lbs double gate facilitates clipping items together easily .
i need a small emergency kit hatchet - and for that it does the job . it is light , and compact .
fast shipping , pricy but elegant looking and very easy to install in a narrow space , the lighted button is very easy to see in the dark .
i've used this router for 3 years . its held up great and doesn't seem to show any signs of wear . i'd buy another one in a heartbeat .
these are comfortable to wear over my eyeglasses and offer good protection . however , they still fog-up after a few minutes .
works great . i had no issues . so far it's lasted about a month.if i have any unusual behavior / performance , i will update this review .
heavy duty and versatile tool . works with makita's 18 - volt lxt lithium battery system . this is a welcome addition to my makita set of tools .
have used this unit on several occasions . seems to be accurate and durable . i throw it in the bag and seems to wear well .
this is a very bright led light . the leave is beautiful at night since the led produces a very wide spectrum from the leave .
this works great for big or small handled cleaning tools . just love it and it keeps everything so organized too .
works great with my clamp meter so that i can get readings of the wattage devices use . perfect for figuring out your load when running on generator power .
it did exactly what it is intended to do and was as advertised . not more i can say about it .
used in outdoor low voltage lighting system . dead after 5 month's . all the other leds doing fine , but this was the only mr16 bulb .
this light takes 2 3.7 batteries , and can alsotake 4 of the 3.6 . bright with the 3 , very bright with four .
great tool bag and well made . i use this to carry my tools for rental house repairs . it carrys alot and is very heavy duty .
perfect knobs , when matched with the passage knobs , the whole schlage line is just fantastic . did our entire house with this line of knobs .
if you need this kind of product thisis a very great purchase as it is well built and very strong .
lightweight fabric gets the job done but won't withstand a lot of heavy use . good for stowing some tools / gear for emergencies .
this does exactly what it is supposed to do and the magnet seems to be pretty strong compared to others i have .
this is good item.buy its only if you need and will use more then once like if you do lots of framing and stuffwont be very use full after that
great extension cord . built very rugged . one of the best cords i have ever owned . can't say enough good things about it . highly recommend .
popped it in my dremel moment i got it ! well made , cuts great !
this is a good , solid product . i'll get more because it is good quality , especially for the price . i recommend this .
an excellent bright light ... well made , nice feel in hand and nice end cap switch . focusing beam from narrow to wide . recommended .
this unit controls the door and the light separately if needed . range is good but not exceptional . no issues . easy to program .
i love it . too bad the price went up since i purchased it some time ago . i highly recommend it .
discs work well . stay on sander . used gently on hardwood floor for gentle resurface . worked easily and well . no circle marks .
this bag was a nice size for two 1/2 " drills . seems rugged so far so good . i would buy again .
bought this for 25 dollars from amazon to tile my own house that i needed to rent . it works good for the money .
these bits are a good expample of why bosch bits are the industry standard for hammerdilling . they are high quality , tough and reasonably priced .
i have one maglite in this size , and this product is lighter which , for portable needs , fit very well my expectations !
they work well . they just don't last long enough though maybe the metal-cutting is arduous so it's to be expected .
i have not used yet but based on my experience with the dremel and their products they will work well .
works great , extreme quality . have used these many times and very happy .
nice glasses . they fit everyones head nicely from the kids to all the adults . price was good and z87 . 1 impact rated .
this filter effectively reduced the mildew smell . a pricier stop gap until an actual remedy is made the problem of dirty air in my house .
this packing tape is the best on the market . it fits my hand dispenser , is clear , really sticks and very reasonably priced .
very good battery tester . works on all different kinds of batteries that other testers are too small to test . great product .
this is a great products . the magnet is very strong . great for arthritic hands . the only con is no onboard bit storage .
this might be good for backpacking , as is will make a knife sharper , but won't give a particularly sharp edge .
great drill bits and case that comes with them . works well on wood and light metal . keep them handy in your tool box .
this are fine bits for limited use in a dremel , cheap is a key word here but fine for most work .
a good , heavy version of a tool used for ar builds . worth the price . durable with nice coating . glad i picked this one up .
faucet look wise have to install ... happy with this purchase i would buy this again . i shop on amazon for everything and think they are great !
ps tm32kl keyless 1/2- inch drill chuck with a # 2 mt . doesn't require a key one less tool to loose again .
purchased this to engrave an id number on our items . works great and engraves on everything . great purchase
i needed an inexpensive tool box to keep stored in our basement . this is perfect for occasional use of ordinary tools .
nice hammer for all purpose use , bought on promotion and added to my tool chest , has become the one i tend to use most often .
these are so very cute , they are easy to apply on the wall , very attractive , no strange smell like some decals . i will buy more
this flash light is bright good quality i only by coast flash lightsfor the money you cant beat them 208 lumen is bright i love it !
this handy kit of metric allen bits is perfect for the traveling tool kit for my metric mobility scooter . the case also can be used as a handle .
this wall plate comes with everything you need in a single package , including all of the screws . standard ez installation .
a much-needed one . the gf only had her sewing fabric tape measure for picture-hanging and general household use . no skilled male would rely on that ...
nice heavy quality and good value . the color is very nice . i recommend this product to add distinctiveness to any room .
love it so far . sharpens so well , that i have cut my fingers on what use to be dull knives several times . i bought 2 .
while i've since graduated to broader range of sharpening systems and techniques , i still use my t7 regularly for simple plane iron and chisel sharpening .
we had an offer to buy and install this remote for just over $ 100.00 . this was a great price.love it !
good , this bench dog was used to do some molding job my husband did and you should see the finish work beautiful ...
i got this to use on my mr . coffee mug warmer because i would certainly forget to switch it off , this thing works beautifully .
easy replacement for my old alarms.please remember to rate the products you purchase . it really helps when buying something i have never used before .
the product came on time and in the same box as the other item i bought . very happy with the product .
this item was as it was described , and arrived when it was supposed to . it is nice tool , and works very well .
this little light is just the ticket to for my security needs because it's bright and the sensor picks up movement responsibly . what a find . highly recommended .
i use this to start an engine block heater on my tractor in the winter . i have been pleased with its performance and it works just as intended .
shipped quickly , great price , a must to have . i had along time now and it still holding up . what more you ask for .
this workbench takes approx 2 hours and 2 people to assemble . easy step-by-step instructions , very well-finished workbench . i am so pleased .
does exactly what it's supposed to and every time . nice , really nice . beats the one my last plumber had , hands down .
needed this to trim plywood edge a cabinet top piece . worked very well . trimmed in both directions . very smooth edge .
great performance and ease of pumping . i like the idea of being able to have an easy way to fill the mowers and snow blowers with ease .
the intermatic ej351c 120 volt 24 - hour programmable mechanical security timer is alright but with all the new digtal versions for same price no point
one of the lights i received , i ordered 3 , flickers after only a short period of use . otherwise i really like them .
has a very good light , tends to look blue . very bright and light ! enconomico is their use in batteries ! great buy ! !
i got this on a lighting deal for cheap ... that said it is worth every penny of the normal price . great to have around the house .
i wish it was included with all of the higher end dremel tools.should be useful in place of the original key chuck 99 % of the time .
these things are a must have for anything from deck building to door installs and eveything else where u use screws
these disks work great on cutting hard steel . no lock in safe with these guys . use with dremel 402 mandel .
i like these short plugs , have a few already , makes it easy on a plug-in strip to alsohave the transformers
this channellock is the largest one i've ever seen . it will serve the purpose fine but in retrospect i could have gotten by with the 12 " size .
this is what it says it is . two flip style and a big guy , or rotate it 180 and get one big one and two flips .
these gloves are pretty comfortable and still leave a good bit of dexterity to work on the small stuff . they stay on securely and seem fairly good quality .
not much to say - seems very durable and works just as expected . far better than the aged yellow plastic-like predecessor
and fits right in with the other moen items we have of the same color . good quality , thought a bit expensive .
i use this on my heating vents and around the outside doors and windows . it is very informative for finding drafts .
does what it's supposed to . fins come down too far for my door . my fault though , as the measurement for the item are posted .
don't use them often , but nice to have when you come across one of the odd fasteners .
item as described and expected ; good price ; does the job outside . used to time-in and time-out for an animal repeller .
the design is genius and they are extremely tamper proof . effortless to engage and disengage . i highly recommend them to anyone looking for a quality security product .
18 inches across is good , i put up a lot of thing sbecause of this and it made my life so much easier …
pretty basic led light bulb , a bit overpriced technology no matter how you look at it . i would recommend checking out your local costco for these before .
i love the dewalt dpg 54-1 c protector clear high performance lightweight . they look great and feel great on your face
an excellent product for de-soldering circuit boards and joints . highly useful and i find it easier to use than the tape methods .
if it's additional length you need then look no further ! these work great and are simple and easy to use .
installed in dark closet ; works perfectly i would recommend this to friends or family to use inplaces where you can save by not using electric .
not that good , be very careful of battery polarity when youinstall them , or the charger will explode , as mine
this item works very well as long as the sun is shining . and i also received my package very quickly .
over a period of a year . the light is very bright . thus far they have been durable , the batteries charging well .
i like it , the price is right , works good i would buy again . i would recommend this to other people.easy to put together .
good punch for pistol work . 1/16 " diameter is the correct size for changingthe backstraps on xdm's and punching out roll pins on the m series pistols .
excellent quality and heavy duty . i used in a dresser i built where full extension of full sized drawers was required . they operate exactly as advertised .
great workhorse . drill works to it's full power till the very end . this is my second one . i now have 2 for all my work .
i purchased this drill to screw in my son's baby gates . it worked well , wasn't too loud and stores easily in the case .
easy touchscreen thermostat that works well . easy to install and has really lower the electric bill since it regulates it at a steady temp day and night .
that is true the sky ray king is so powerful . i use a 3400 protected batteries that will last long . it's a fantastical light
great ( couple times a year ) sealer for my granite counter top - was glad to find it on amazon & have it delivered to my door .
purchased for my husbands computer lab and it has worked perfect . he now has light and his hands are free .
i think this product sticks well and i like that you can make it any length you want . i use this product a lot .
perfect bag to carry all my tools . sturdy and well built . the pop open desgin allows for easy access to tools .
the plastic threshold material worked well.however , i had to go to the store and get another tube of caulking because the one provided was old and dried out .
i bought another one of these to replace one that was stolen . it's bulletproof , dead accurate , and really really hard to break .
my soldering is improving with practice but when you have laid too much down or are trying to pick up solder then this is the tool for you .
bought this to get back into my woodworking passion . works great . good quality . works as expected . good grips . handy . good price .
would buy again , if the wear out … a variable tool for greeting things / parts out of tight places like in a small carburetor .
great fitting insert exactly as ordered . the quality shows and it works great for my dado cuts . easy set up .
i looked at many portable router tables and decided on the bench dog and i sure am glad i did ! ! easy to assemble and quality material !
i purchase this along with the warm white ribbon led's . they work great with this power supply . price was great . and works fine .
this is one of my best sellers and is a very good lite and very compact and only uses one aa battery and fits in your pocket very well .
its a hose for saw dust collector . it works great . what else can you say ?
this is a great addition to any miter saw ! a bit of a pain to put together but well worth the little bit of effort !
who cares about the gold--but that hardened titanium edge makes for a long-lived blade under light duty use . buy them !
i was excited how well it worked in the beginning but the tip attachment broke after two days of use and now there is no suction . disappointing .
great bits for general everyday use . reaches into the tightest of locations . good material will hold up to hard use .
i was not pleased with the results of this night light , the light output did not meet my expectations especially for the higher price point than its competition
this unit is small but very powerful . i use rechargeable batteries since i use flashlights in my work and these are very efficient
purchased this hammer to drive stakes . good hammer , excellent price and delivery . strongly recommend this tool and amazon for carrying in stock .
very handy little device , easy to use . only complaint is the type on the refernce label is pretty small for an older guy to read
only one stupied think that you have to setup each time slope angle that's really unconfortable and poor
the lens goes past the guard and it will scratch over time . otherwise its a pretty solid light i like it still .
great quality for the price has a nice lit area and looks very professional on my desk . several co workers are purchasing their own.highly recommend
i have three different ones in my house and they look great and i plan to buy more of them
bought this to be a rough and tumble little light around the farm , and so far it is working great . it is very bright considering it's size .
nice construction , easy to install and works perfect in my crawlspace . i would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for light bulb protection .
these arrived in perfect condition . i haven't had to try them . i have thought about testing one but haven't had the chance yet !
bulky , ugly , but it does the job . i found i had to carefully use pliers to get it tight enough to penetrate the wire's insulation .
the toolbox works well enough , but it doesn't feel as solid as i had hoped . in particular , i'm worried about the drawers opening .
the extra size is very convenient . we added an extended handle and we use it daily & it holds up well .
i needed a dead blow to keep in my car for knocking rusted rims loose , this is the perfect size and weight .
great smoke detectors . these can detect both smoldering and burst fires . i bought several for my entire house , all are working well .
just can't say enough about the little giant and the accessories such as this one . makes long time ladder standing more comfy .
installed quickly and easily and works exactly as advertised . range is at least 40/50 feet but works best if installed line-of-sight .
this product works , like a cheaper one , so buy a cheaper one , i would not buy this product again !
found a good price on the 12 foot louisville ladder . it is light weight and yet sturdy . it arrived in good time and in good condition .
these extensions work great with my cordless screw driver . they are just what i needed for several around the house projects .
has all the sizes i need for my work and the right kind of releasesfor opening plus at a good price
love these tarps . i use them to cover my wood from the snow and they work wonderfully . they are very heavy plastic so they will not rip .
works great ! it feels very secure and is a better alternative to the power strip . wish i ordered two because i love it .
i've used these for hanging christmas decorations for years . thy work just fine . it's nice not to damage the walls .
good product .. replacing seats is very easy . i bought a few of these .. and i can easily flip and replace the seat .. the price was excellent
great switches ! nice leads , perfect and easy to solder to . perfect for what i needed and holds perfectly on each switch . nice and stable .
i've read pros and cons on this item but have only experienced a positive experience while using mine .
i like the mallet but it is much bigger and heavier than expected . i guess that is my fault . otherwise , it is of good quality .
not a heavy duty tool chest for bouncing around in the back of your truck but good for storage at home . drawers are lined and slide easy .
bought these to work around the garage to keep debris from my eyes , they work as designed and look pretty nice to .
not completely straight . wobbles like mad . if you need this get it at local store so you can test it .
works as it should . will see how long it lasts . good price .
these mre's are great . they taste great and have the heaters that work also . fresh and good - just the way they should be .
this is by far the best for home use . my first one was stolen from my garage , so , i bought another ...
this pouch holds 6 tools , i have six wiha nut drivers that didn't come with a case . works out pretty well .
yep , it's solder . only works well if you know how to use it . if you don't then don't buy it
this works fine in conjunction with the ra1126 guide adapter . gets the bit perfectly centered in your base . easy too use .
it does what it's supposed to and it easy to use . i would recommend this for any small or medium appliance or cell phone .
you can practically knock a house down with just a wonderbar and a hammer . definitely much easier to use this than just a hammer alone .
i loved these gloves because they are not too thick and they wash clean really well . would recommend to everyone .
works well . very happy with it . does what i need doing . better than what i expected . would buy it again .
nice protective case for dado set . blades are high quality and highly recommended by myself . this set should last for years for the novice home woodworker .
this is about as nice as it gets for a vent air gap . you need one if you have a dishwasher .
nice insulating blanket . good thickness and plenty of material for most residential water heaters . is a little challenging to cut with regular scissors or utility knife .
it works great but has to be put in the sun i did not realize how hard it is to find a place for this light
this timer was easy to setup , not complicate and was up and running in less than 5 minutes . took me more time to get into the package ...
a very good set of impact sockets . the down side is that the size labels do not hold up under use .
purchased this set because they will be around for years and as long as sears is around these have a lifetime replacment - would recommend to anyone
finally a remote that is easy to program and all enough to pit on.keys . solid all around and.sleek vs most others
really like this light , its does the job and more , its a must have for sure .
i bought this drill because it seemed the cheapest / most powerful / great brand drill.it did not disappoint .
this white lamp holder to outlet adapter was exactly what i needed to plug a light directly into a sensor .
great stuff quantity and price the box stores are just a rip off . i use my sander alot in pipe making .
i bought this for a friend and he said it works great in his shower and may order another one for his other shower .
works like a charm . easily registered and the drill stop makes perfect depth holes .
the htc htc 2000 universal mobile base makes moving my jet table saw a breeze . i regret waiting as long as i have to buy a mobile base .
easy to us for the do it yourself home improvement person . light weight even for women quality product an affordable .
this one works great . easy in , easy hookup , and just right . the complete lutron product line is like that . hightly recommended for this application .
these tools work wonderful for what design for , way better than a regular wrench that will not hold , but these will do the trick
nice solid headband , good fit , quality lens . it stay up when you put it up , and is easy to adjust .
this bit worked fine but the arbor broke off the first time i used it . cut great threw a 1 " steel plate
i like this to have on a key chain at work to make quick measurements . it serves it's purpose and holds up well .
it's a big light protractor . works as you would expect it to work . not sure what else you can say about such a simple device .
a bit flimsy , but once in the wall not a big issue . i would like to see these double gangs with four clamps instead of just two .
this tool is a great example of the high-end quality you will get when you buy from klein's journeyman line . it has great crimping and cutting action .
best framer now ! ! ! love it ... beats other framers also has a starter magnet to start 16 p nails in hard to reach places ! ! !
i ended buying two of these and will give one away to a friend once i received the batteries i just ordered .
having three gradient hones . good for small to medium blades . a must in the tool box or kitchen .
i can light up 50 tall trees and its excellent just to play around with in the dark , out in the woods
with these gloves i can use my mandolin without fear of being cut . therefore , i really enjoy using my mandolin .
this addition to my b & d drill works very well it uses my hex shank attachments it drives screws with no difficultly
i wanted brass , and these all work very well . i can recommend to anyone who need just a few quick connects .
it's simple but works as a holder . all metal and has enough weight . forget about the sponge as it's small and only about 1mm thick .
its ok , but i would not buy it again . my stick arrived leaking , and it was only enough for one ps3 .
nice little heat gun . does its job well . only has two temperature / speed settings , but they are really what you only need for most applications .
works great but it kills batteries pretty quick . i get about 5 minutes or so max speed with the smaller batteries
use this with snow blower stays flexible does not freeze up at all . would recommend . nice to have in cold weather
great for the small office that needs the sizes magnetized and sturdy a great addition to any tool box and any job
a little big to fit into my toolbox , but it is powerful and does the job !
this light i use in my front door way . it works well i just wish it would get brighter when people approch the house .
works like a bag should . get the smaller one ( 06009 ) if you need less space . keeps everything organized and all together .
i finally have a safe and secure way to hold round material . not as soft as rubber faced jaws for flat material so i have those also .
cheap plastic trays what else can you say . they are mid size . stack well . but not clipped together.cons no lids
excellent product , but the reading lens part is a bit too big for my eyes ... not a big issue , however .
i purchased this inexpensive vice for my cheap harbor freight drill-press , used for small works and it functions well for holding pieces to drill ,
excellent flashlight , strong & bright . i don't yet know how long the batteries last but it's not all that important to me anyway .
gfci and a night light all in one . put me down for more . gfci's alone go for this much here where i live .
i will let you know more as i use it . so far i have not found a light so bright and strong like this that is so small
but these work fine . they spark and weld stuff just fine . you get a bunch for the price definitely more than you'd need for just one task .
unlike spiral mixers for paint , this mixer does not splatter upon withdrawal from mixing tub and cleans very easily - mortar mixed very smoothly quickly achieving the proper consistency
now i can see at a glance if my garage doors are open or closed without having to visually go and check .
i bought the 50 foot cable for use with a hedge trimmer . the cord works like a champ with continuous use .
i have a dewalt reciprocal saw and these are great for multiply jobs and materials from wood to metal , good buy .
love this thing , especially the hammer drill feature . works with all my existing batteries . can't beat the price here - great drill for the money .
work flawlessly for me i love it , make my project nailing in second instead of hours , recommend to all home owner .
it's very easy to install and it work well . put the stream where you need it . looks good too . hopefully it'll last .
i bought these before and liked them . i had to exchange this purchase because the size doesn't seem to stay consistent .
take your time , read the directions twice . you will be rewarded with scary sharp knives . dontbpush down hard , take your time .
i swap hoses around sometimes on my dust collector and these make it a breeze to release and retighten the hoses . no screwdriver required .
i needed it for a closet and it works beautifully . the light is not bright but gives sufficient light to see well .
inexpensive , and functional . funny enough , my previous remote just needed a new battery .
excellent , quick and easy . works great w my quad . i used this for power src for gimbals and fpv and controller .
this suited my needs to carry a lightweight 4 in 1 tool ! easy to use and perfect for everyday use !
this is a rod that is inexpensive and easy to install . works well for apartment living when you may choose to leave it behind .
little pricey but gets the job done does not attract dirt . so far so good not available locally blah blah
to me this product is useless . different deign does not mean we buy useless product . it is weak construction .
it has worked like a charm for the few things i've used it for . great for keeping plastic trim looking good .
reasonably priced , comfortable , excellent clarity , provides protection from all directions , easy to adjust and i can wear my cheaters inside of them
great for stripping with no scratches or nicks in the wire . makes it very convenient when doing a lot of stripping .
i gave two of these as a gift and they are both actually being used . note that only 1 folded up american bill will fit in it .
this is better than having a third hand . i have built many face frames for cabinets and this makes such a difference . i love this clamp .
these bits make it very easy to center screw holes when attaching hardware such a hinges . every hole will be placed in the center of the hardware .
couldn't find anything wrong so i gave it 5 stars . should work just fine . its p100 and allows for adequate air flow .
this broke within a few weeks of using it . dont buy it . it's a waste of money . believe me i know
best deal on an awesome flashlight in the world - you won't be let down !
and has worked well so far , don't expect much for the instructions , common sense will do better ! !
do not use it too often but every time i used it , it works fine with a bright light for its size . the switch feel well made .
this is a great level . very light weight . greta for every day usage . will be looking for a smaller one as well .
these bits are great quality , and have lasted longer than any other set i have purchased . i like the longer bits for those hard to reach places .
i mounted this on a uncle mike's duty belt , fits perfectly and holds my leatherman 831426 perfectly as well . highly recommended .
used this thing one time . it seems to work just fine . very attractive and easy to read . so far i would buy this again .
does the job , good deal , can't complain . for no more than i need them it beats paying the prices for some of the high quality tools .
great set if you use o rings alot as i do they have everyone you could want
if you are ' plumbing challenged ' ( as i am ) , this is a good easy fix for anyone doing it themselves .
fits well into the delta contractor saw . has 4 leveling screws . i bought 2 of them and may buy a 3rd for resawing
very good tool for those hard to get to areas where there's not enough room for your hand and the tool ...
starter kit , mini millwas just what i needed , since my t slots are 7/16 . but this set will mill down just fine to 7/16 .
worked great for me . makes it a little darker to look through the window but i have no problem with that
this product saved my hands while sanding down some old patio furniture , solid but flexible .
i have used this bit plus bearings many times now . it peforms quite well for its intended purpose .
i bought this led to try a less expensive offering vs the name brand . this is now the only br 30 daylight i buy , it's great
you can't beat this deal . ten lights for under five bucks . they are pretty bright too . not much else to say about this one .
surely needed after buying the mini-mite that isn't . have 3 dremels and 3 different fitting collet sets ...
just got them and they work great ! they are about as bright as the bulbs they replaced but without the excess heat and wattage . get them !
great place to buy turning tools however i somehow ordered this one twice i need to return it for the latest wolverine vari-gring productarmand hammer .
this gadget allows me to bring mail in as soon as it comes and saves me multiple trips down a long driveway to see if the it has come .
these are great pocket hole screws for outdoors use and a great price . they have also worked well in redwood compared to the outrageously expensive ss kreg screws .
i didn't need the racheting thing . i needed a good door strike . this is it . works really well for me .
gun takes a minute or so to warm up , but takes paint off very quickly . cheap and easy to use .
no problem and no blinks in the light . works like a charm above the kitchen cabinet . lights up real well .
i bought this for my hallway to light up when someone passes it . works as described and i'm very happy with it
i bought this to use while working with tools . fits great and very durable . i would recommend this to a friend
good value and good to have in your first aid kit . i ordered these so i would have for others , if needed .
this item is easy to install , just snaps on , the float attached to the chain is adjustable . i would recommend this product to family & friends
i never got a positive result even with samples i knew contained lead paint . it was too inexpensive to return , but i would not recommend this product .
these are heavy duty and exactly what i needed to clean up a mess of ac to dc transformers . :)
this is a light weight pipe wrench with excellent bite . it is easy to use and handle . i bought another one .
these were priced right as an add on to another order . have not used them yet so do not know quality .
original and well within recommended use date ( way more important than you'd think ) . works great with all my finish guns .
these are very handy . i hated drilling into my bench but glad i did . really help when sanding . i recommend .
punch works great leaves a good mark and i think will last as long as my other one . which was 20 years ! !
i have been using this light for several months and it is small and powerful and for the price , exceded my expectations .
pricey for the size of the can but it does the job and the lid was not that hard to remove as others stated
great little flashlight . very durable and bright . it only uses a single aa battery . adjustable beam from broad to narrow . good deal .
quick and easy review : great coupler ! very tough and their made a pure brass so they should last a long time ! comes with rubber washer !
the price is right and the light intensity is great . better still the flashlight maintains its ability to focus the beam .
works great can't complain.easy to install.so far no trouble constant use everyday and do not skip a beat.would be buying a couple more soon ... great price ...
essential to keep your bed from moving around on hardwood floors if it uses a bed frame on wheels . especially when performing bedtime activities with someone else ...
good little sander . can't really say it stands above other orbital sanders , gets the job done and that is what counts .
although i have not actually put these into use as yet , this ratcheting tube cutter looks ideal for the project i have in mind .
the price and quality is there buy this now . decorate everything you have ever wanted to . just get the power supply you need and go crazy .
i purchased a whole set of this brand switch plates and plug covers . the quality is excellent and the color is very nice .
lots of sanding disks . would have liked more diversity in attachments . it's okay for what it costs but does not suit all of my needs
good enough . i used them but they bend sometimes . you can buy one , try on projects and find what you need exactly after trying the tips .
good variety , nice price and they are all functional . will buy another set when the time comes . i recomend these .
these give off a nice light . but , in some fixtures you will see the white casing so it might not work for your decor .
these sturdy bags are great for just about anything from organizing your bob to putting tools in or whatever . good sturdy way to organize stuff .
this is a great little storage device . sure solved my problem with brooms and mops slipping around and falling .
i should never need another set of forstner bits . the quality is consistent with the price and the sizes fit my needs .
ahhh , they are staples . they fit the gun , they work , and the price was good . that's all thre is to it folks :d !
i have a 100 ' driveway and no one to tell one someone's coming . now i know and i don't get false positives . highly recommended .
i had a pair , so i got another pair for my brother-in-law , and this made him happy with is wood burner .
i just opened the package and used one to cut up some seasoned timber bamboo . the original blades with the fein didn't last too long .
i have a problem with lights in my eyes when driving and the glasses help tone that down and they are good on foggy nights too .
as good as any hose i have purchased elsewhere . as long as the pressure limits and size work for you , i would recommend it .
i bought these for my son-in-law along with other accessaries . he likes them so that's all that i need to know .
well made durable material.nice velcro pockets on one side for drill bits.quick detach clips hold the bag rolled.pockets for all kinds of tool sizes .
i have reviewed several of the bosch l boxes and i have not found any thing i diiid not like so far
bought this a few months ago and still working strong . bought the led upgrade and together this light rocks and the battery life is outstanding too .
this has a lot of good survival tools but you need to learn how to properly use them . unfortunately gerber doesn't provide you with any instruction manual .
this is a very small , full featured electronic bulb.screws into a standard bulb socket and changes into a variable light show.amazing for the price .
easy to install and program . i use it to control the main door light that has 4 x 7 watt cfl bulbs . works great !
the rotary tool work station has done everything that i had hoped it would . it was at times a little difficult to make changes to the station .
this is a good tool for a craftsman that does a lot ofconstruction , trim work and needs to know angles precisely.the digital read out is great .
great tools for the price . i suspect these will be in my tool chest for years to come . they make your socket set even more versatile .
i think this is a goo product and has a good price . i would buy it again ... why won't this submit ?
these put out a great warm 2700kelvin color similar to other incandescence . i don't notice any flickering like some of the cheaper leds experience .
i placed all 3 along my path going from the 1st floor and down the hall . i never have to turn on any lights .
a little bit goes a long way . i glued a picture frame together with this and it held with no other fasteners .
the threads are well cut , the rubber is of ample thickness , and it works perfectly for a snubber hose leading to a fixed location .
but overall it works great as part of our household energy saving goals.wish it had an 8 and 12 hour timer for chargers .
i've used these in the past and for general purpose use i don't think you can beat them and would recommend them .
i love how this is saving my hand a lot of pain , but it slips & slides on the handle .
sturdy case , and well organized . it has a hole in the back for mounting on a wall for easy access .
i got this quick in the mail . i have two of them for both my lights and they last a long time .
i really can't rate it because i have not completed putting it together . it looks good and is very heavy .
i don't know how anyone could beat this price . quality construction and does the job . bought the stapler for an upholstery project . recommended .
100 foot , works well , i like that the jacket is labeled with 14/3 sjtw , i have other extension cords that are not labeled .
this little staple gun does the job . used it on insulation and house wrap and it did great . no hesitation in recommending this one .
nice and bright . so far no melting of plastic ballast or any problems that ive seen in the reviews . id recommend it .
how did we do without this for so long ? no more guessing if the mail person came . we are about 150 feet from the mailbox .
did the trick . predictable nipping every time left me glad i purchased these . great for removing corners , around toilets , and also slightly reduction at walls .
it is annoyingly cute , the sound is loud , and the eyes light up ... my wife likes alien stuff and this qualifies ...
an excellent product , gives more light , the batteries last longer . highly recommended for all flashlights . it is somewhat expensive , but worth the extra cost .
i use this to cut holes in my plaster on sheetrock walls . it cuts through both fairly well . feels fine in the hand .
i needed a strong , quiet , light weight fan for the floor in my office .. this fit the bill .. i a happy with this fan
tried this out on a stone i needed to grind down for a perimeter wall i am building around my garden . worked great .
i'm use to cordless drills so when i first used this one it was like drilling through butter . can't go wrong with black & decker
these are outstanding flashlights and are extremely bright and durable . i highly recommend this flashlight to law enforcement or anyone else who needs a bright , reliable flashlight .
excellent product 3 mode camping led headlamp high , low , trouble fast strobe flash modes ! very good for a 300 lumen led camping light !
these things are virtually identical to vise-grips , other than the name on the tool . definitely a good value compared to the brand name vise-grips .
these are very well made drill bits . i use them for concrete and they work great . these are much cheaper than most drill bits .
provides well needed storage space and was pretty easy to install , but i did have to do some customization for my task . it feels very solid .
i chose this rating because rust-olem works and the can is easy to spay without getting clogged and it covers very well .
the d handle base is the safest and most convenient base for pc routers .
good price for bulk , quality batteries . i've ordered several - - what can you say about batteries ? i tested the first batch , no complaints .
i recevied item in great condition . these are so good that i bought a total of 10 of them . these are made of good quality .
delta faucets are very good quality at a very reasonable price . easy to install . comes with very clear instructions . done !
i love these screws with the kreg jig ... work fantastic for a tight fitting joint every time i use it !
super useful tool ! sharps everything that is metal made ! ! i even fixed regular knifes and the cake forks ! ! handy and tiny ! great !
its a good mixture of blade types for different purposes . not a lot more than that to say about these .
maybe the vendor has swapped these for an different set than the ones that got 4 or 5 stars , but the set i got was dull .
would step up if i had to by another one , the camping hiking light is better same lumen but is better
i can't say how nice this thing works . plastic , steel drums this thing takes the effort and frustration out of the equation .
it was easy to install . it seems to be working and the light is blinking . guess it will work out . time will tell .
i bought this for my father whom needs to have both metric and standard on a smaller tape measure.it should fit the bill nicely !
all i can say , this set is worth every penny for standard and impact use . great addition to my set !
incandescent bulbs are being phased out . i love these for my primary reading lamp . i'm not sure what i will use when these are all gone .
just purchased a new champion generator and this item will come in handy.tried it out on a circular saw and it worked great !
bottom line : these bungees are high quality and not some cheap knock-off . i will buy more in the future - without a doubt .
this featherboard set allows you to keep wide boards against the fence by pressing at the top and bottom of the board . excellent design and quality .
when it said mini , they sure meant it . this thing is very tiny.nice and clean clicks and works well .
good one time use mask . i use them running weed eater and mowing the grass because of the pollen . would recommend .
just got these and removed a cummins turbo with them ( awesome and very helpfull extension ) tough and hard to beat at this price and good quality .
functions well fits in my wallet for an emergency . was a real genius who figured out this one ! word , word
i purchased this with the nova chuck and it works well . i would recommend this to anybody who is turning wood .
went into place , cords are tucked in now . looks great om the wall . make certain you have full depth wall .
these combine with the clamp to make non - 90 and non - 45 degree angle joinery much easier . worth the money for woodworkers .
a good product that is doing the job but tube is a bit suspect as is only lit in the middle .
this is the old fashioned leaded solder with flux in the core . it works . the small diameter is suitable for a wide range of applications .
i can say i use these for many things in my shop and they work very very well . so rest assured your like them .
it's amazing how much light this little thing gives off . i plan on buying a few for gifts . a few extra words to satisfy amazon
very useful holds two pieces together and keep them snug and secured so you can weld the pieces together . happy with the product .
perfect for taking the f4 plasma gun apart when it is tight ... excellent tool and perfect for what i was looking for ... holding up very well
love these , quality product , good price . versatile for many applications . a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
great price for this three pack , one of the three will meet your cutting needs . the tool is great as well .
this product appears to be made well and should last . i have not actually used it yet for a job or task .
this thing is too noisey and doesn't move much air . i would not recommend this to anyone .
i use these with my wire glasses , fit over and allowed a quick protection without the changing of regular glasses with safety glasses
this is a great insert ! fit and finish are excellent . quality materials and grantsmanship throughout . buy with confidence that this will be a quality item .
nice variety . it makes centering dowels pretty easy . i'm not a fan of the pocket screw , so this is a must for all home woodworkers .
just as good as copper top . advocate rule - be smart . use only lithium in winter period .
i bought two of these to provide instant hot water to my two sinks in the master bath . they work great .
this is a handy set to have in any tool box . i like the fact that they included the torx wrenches in the set .
it does what it says it does . if you are looking for more control while engraving with your dremel , this is a great accessory .
the dividers fit well into larger drawers of the plastic storage cabinet to increase the overall storage capacity of the hardware storage .
does the job . can't imagine needing anything more expensive . lightweight but still has a solid feel . and it's a delta .
these are very bright and provide nearly perfect white light , and lots of it . they also don't get hot like halogen bulbs do .
it doesn't throw enough light to be called a spotlight ... the light is not intense and can't clearly light anything more than 3 feet away .
transforms your little maglite into a modern led flashlight that is easier to use . i've converted two flashlights and it takes just a few minutes .
very simple fence , a bit bendy but does its job . i thought circular saws always came with this type of rudimentary fence , but apparently not dewalt's !
the bulb operates fine . but it does not fit the standard rv dc sockets . you have to jury-rig an adapter .
bent a few mandrels from too much pressure so i bought this . worked like a gem and recommend it to anyone getting started in pen turning .
looks to be worth a few extra buck over some others i have seen . should do all the punching i need for many years .
i like the blade case , keeps the blades protected and organized . easy to find the blades in a bag full of other tools .
i lost my old one , bought another.the pivot feature has saved my ass plenty of times.if i lose this one , i'll get another .
a very nice set of nut driver bits . it has every size you will ever need . works well with a battery drill .
these are great . they are led connectors . they work . they do what they are supposed to do . three more words .
excellent product . it fixed a difficult unsecure toilet problem . it gives lots of places to get your screws in as well .
nice rubber and worked out great . wish at the time i would of purchased two . if i need again i will purchase this one for sure .
very bright and not too too expensive , zi'm happy with it and like i said very bright , i'd buy again
pulled each bracket off once at a time and replaced the old steel rollers.noticed an immediately less noisy opening / closing.wish i had found these years ago .
a very convenient tool to have - stores easily , well constructed , strong magnet . - good price i recommend this tool .
fit well on my box . used it to fit a digital timer . its well made and wont snap or break if installed right
i purchased these because they matched the knobs that i bought . they look good together . i am one happy lady .
i use them for sometime now . easy to breath , good filtration , easy to see when it is dirty . lays flat to the mask .
good and solid :) had some oil ( some kind of ) at everywhere , and sometimes it feels stickybut im satisfied with it !
great product . i love everything about this . everything i have that is incra is just amazing . i'm switching everything to incra
used this to repair something that had been assembled with a silcone based adhesive . this dries white and appears to be as hard as rock .
this saw is built stout ... and sharp ! it gets the job done in little time with little effort . i recommend it !
i don't use it as much as i thought i would .. but its there when i need it and it gets the job done .
i needed this when we moved . i found it pricey for what it was . i will not repeat this purchase due to price only .
exactly as advertised . great assortment and a must a in your workshop . i do small repairs and it seems that the snap ring needs to be replaced
all i can say about this is that it works well in my crawl space . no more flash light to go under and turn on the light switch
has 3 modes---high--mediunm - - then blinkind or strobe light---nice light for all reasons--takes only one aa battery--and shines a good deal of light
i needed a new sanding pad to fit my bosh sander and it ft perfectly . i purchased both the soft and hard sanding pad for doing furniture finnishing
shipped super quick ( next day ) . can't beat $ 4 for 5 diamond wheels plus the shank . i would probably buy this again .
seems brighter than a 100w standard bulb and still works after 2 months of light usage ! bugs fly to my flashlight but not to this light .
i use mostly for heat shrinking bigger wires and little wires . does its job well . for the price its worth 5 stars .
just needed something to keep track of hr while working out . it was cheap and simple to program . arrived quick
does exactly what it says . love it ! ! perfect for kids room so i can adjust the light when changing the diaper or feeding .
great bits to use with kreg machine . i would recommend to anyone needing a square driver bit and square driver .
this is a great wick to soak up solder from boards or pots , or whatever . it is easy to use .
this was a really bright flashlight for only $ 6.50 and it's very well constructed . one of the best bargains on amazon .
keeps the worst part of you clean . this thing is easy to install and works great . crank up the water pressure and fly to the moon .
the bulb that i received did not work . i tried it in multiple lighting fixtures . i ended up returning it .
this virtually takes the place of a second person . i'm wondering how i ever survived without one . try it and you will see .
wish i found these sooner . made putting on hardware a breeze and and took me less than hour for whole kitchen .
it is a nice compact reciprocating saw . very handy for small places.it could have been more powerful as other products in bosch 12v - max series .
i love this sander ! it has much less vibration than my old sander . it is more comfortable to handle and it even looks better .
these work very well for the purpose i intend . they came fast and are pretty durable , but time will tell about the real quality .
definitely a great buy . easy open with positive lock . simple and quick blade change . high quality , lots of heft , no complaints or negatives .
works great , very loud , you can hear this thing well over the lines . its also seems to be good on power consumption , doesn't eat battery's .
these convert candelabra base bulbs to standard base light bulbs . i got these to convert my ceiling fan lights to led bulbs .
bought this for a companion to the qep and work great on small tile and not having to worry about cutting off a finger
love duracell i dont know why i have to write more to get this in , it is stupid and makes many now want to even write
like the auto start plug in feature . the extra long hose is nice but it lacks a good system for storing that hose .
i have this on my key chain and it works well . it's fairly small relative to my massive key chain . ymmv
simple little lights , nice for me because i'm not allowed to have candles in the apartment . they're cheap and easy to use , what's not to like ?
i bought several over the years and i found that push buttons on some are poor
have used this measuring wheel several times now and it works well . the distance seems to be pretty accurate as i have checked it a few times .
only after much use and abuse did some of these bit begin to chip and cam out . but , of course , the price is right .
i got the chance to use this product once so far and it is great . the quality is as described . i would recommend this to anyone .
this is a great , handy little tool ! i rate it top notch , like everything else fluke makes !
this product has been in use for a considerable time . it went in easy , and has performed very well . i would recommend .
well made and very useful . it's all stamped and pressed metal but it functions exactly as it should . i would buy it again .
bought to use for sign making.bits work well and are very sharp leaving clean cuts.arrived on time and in great shape.would recommend this product to a friend .
great bags for organizing tools and small parts for work , i highly recommend my wife even stole mine for travel items so i had to buy another set .
great light for the money , will order a few more . i love the fact that is uses aa battery also .
when new they work fine , but several of the led lights have " burned " out . i don't think i " ll buy anymore .
works as expected and is easy to use . good quality tool . should last a lifetime with proper care . stores easy in too pouch .
works well with my bosch nail gun . looks like it will last forever and hold up ! great value for the item ! would recommend !
great for the gun range.keep a pair in your range bag , vehicle and tool bag ! nice quality .
these should take care of most any security bit you're likely to come across . nice compact package to keep in your toolbox .
the installation was quick and easy . toilet is flushing great once again . is adjustable for any flushing needs . looks like it will last .
works exactly like you'd expect . saves us from having to go outside and manually turn on and off the christmas lights . how 20th century .
good for two hundred feet wide beam for the price its fine ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
goes through hard wood , laminated pine , mellamine like hot knife through butter . no splinter on edges , no chatter . well worth it .
great item to use on your sink to make the water taste better and keep thing out of the water . and it is easy to install
unlike the picture , these do not come wrapped around something , instead they are just shoved into a box so i put then inside sandwich bags
this dust collector is made to hook up to a shop vac not a large dust vac system so beware when connecting to a large dust collector system .
second time i put it on the bottom strap broke , , you can do better molded . a buck a use seems steep .
i could use it for 2 rivets and than it didnt pull anymore.it ' s a pity because the swivel head is a great idea .
this is a great quality extension . heavy duty and the light up ends help to tell if they are energized .
good for most homeowners , and has a variety of bits . they last a long time , and the case is well built . milwaukee quality .
this product works just fine . it is very basic and cheap , but that was the entire point . i recommend this product .
bought used but had a small dent that wasn't that noticeable but good price for this box and being used and seeing how it wasn't installed good deal !
item only works with kreg band saw and router table fences so i'm gonna have to adapt it to work with my router table .
very easy to use , but a great safety device for use on table saws . arrived safely , and was put to use immediately .
i was very happy with the quality of this product . i suggest this product to anyone that own a router table and needs to make jigs for it .
these clamps make it very easy to attach a sacrificial fence to a table saw . i've also found various other uses for them .
these things are dang handy.once you buy a pack you'll wonder what you ever did without them .
great light so far ... after 8 months it is going strong ... i hope it lasts ... i can believe it has a motion sensor ... ! !
bought this for my golf cart and it looks nice installed and works well for many items i sometimes plug in while in my cart ...
never mind pocket hole joinery , every wood worker who needs to hold boards at 90 needs two of these - fantastic example of good design .
just as a security measure , we installed a few of these at ceiling level on our bottom deck . great product .
not bad , but i did break the 3/4 " one trying to get a lug off some jerk put on way too tight .
this solder sucker does what it's suppose to do and it works great.it ' s very easy to use.it ' s worth buying .
these worked great for a shooting table i built , easy assembly and rock solid . the product was delivered on time and in good order .
this is mount does not work well at all . it is not at all universal ! ! we eventually had to buy another one . very disappointed !
good product , it works well for starting a hole weather drilling by hand or a drill press or on a lathe .
neat and bright unit . aiming with the motion detector a little problematic . same as with most detectors.sturdy , water tight construction .
nice to have almost every tool all in the same kit at hand when working on cell phones or tablets
pretty slick fan timer . on the expensive side . it was the only one that i could find in brown , so i went with it .
easy to use recommended for anyone very useful in shop i would purchase from this site again easy to use
bought to mark sprinkler locations in our yard that needed fixing . does a good job . price was good . pleased with purchase !
got these to install in my tool shed . they work great and are quite bright . batteries still going strong after one winter . would certainly buy again ...
this is a good stud finder that works . i like the little level too , it is useful ! i like that it sticks to the wall .
the just snap at the ends to easy , have used them to rough houses , just wish the shaft would be built stronger .
it's a really stupid tool a waste.of money if i have a choose i don't buyers it buy ! ! ,
you need this adapter if you want to do dovetail or template routing . it's a simple solution for the bosch mrc 23evak router base ...
totally useless . not one bit within the entire set is sharp or straight . can't even use it for drilling soft wood .
i needed to replace some older vest . these are cheap and looks to get the job done . i would get more if i needed them
great price and seem to be well made . didn't shatter or crack during install . what more can you ask for .
out in the woods this works fine for eating food . i use this for my bail out bag along with dehydrated food .
best i've owned , with excellent battery life and performance , as well as good torque . doesn't pay to buy cheaper brands .
24 hour support from the lutron team ... great easy to install product , and phone support was extremely professional and helpful . works great with my hunter fan
this is a nice addition for anyone with a skil circular saw . this pack offers multiple blades for multiple cut usage .
wish i had invested in this tool a long time ago . i've used it as a soldering iron and a torch . great buy !
if you tried to buy this at one of the large home improvement stores i know you'd pay a lot more for it . this is a great cable !
works like a charm on say a table saw blade . glad i bought this little gadget . accurate and repeatable . a +
i was a little disappointed with the size o these lamps . however they are good quality and work well good luck
can be used for more than one application . with this mandrel works easy to get to tail stock and parting .
knobs will do exactly as i need . very good buy and would buy again if needed . what more can i say
the price is great but its cheaply made , i hope i dont have to replace it in a month.th elight is good and fits okay
by far the best light on the market ... i just wish they're a little cheaper and smaller in size .
excellent product . this one is not the lasertip , but hardened nonetheless . the shaft is a true 12 " , which i use for speed screwing .
get some gorilla glue and glue these on . they won't stay on only with their adhesive . they do the trick when they are on though .
great buy . i use them for sanding and finishing in my wood shop . and sometimes for treating the lawn for bugs
whoa - - this is heavy duty . perfect for garage where you might need to power high amp equipment . looks military grade :)
this worked just like the one that came on the sander . it was easy to install and i am very pleased with it .
everyone should have at least one of these in the truck of their vehicle . multiple uses in an emergency , too . highly recommended .
the combination wheel numbers are easier to read and click more definitely than other brands . body and shackle are good too and the price is right .
nice little addition to my key ring , would have given 5 if it opened smoother .
good value for money , bright and works very well.but the zoom doesn't stay locked and that is a downer
is the best you can get on this disconued batt . works great.recharged 3 times now , no problem.was much cheaper than replacing all my 14 volt tools .
a nice affordable level for the beginner or entry level do-it-your-selfer.basic level with vertical , horizontal and rotating leveling bubbles.lightweight and easy to read.basic functional level .
this is a real high quality air hose . i'm using the 6 - foot hose with a tire inflator . i'll recommend it .
very handy tool . it keeps the screw right where you want it while tightening the nut . this is a big time saver .
feels sorta cheap but works great and small enough for the glove box . led means way longer battery life . no wow facotr here just a flashlight .
this is a great pair of pliers , the spring tension feels perfect . i love using them for fine wiring projects .
get sockets for the big jobs as well .. power power power power power power power ... get the lith battery as well .. makes it slim line ...
this heat gun is holding up very well , my husband uses it at least 10 times a month and is very pleased with it overall .
the one thing i like about this is the length . the position of the handle is perfect , you get even pressure all across the board
good product , worked well . will buy again . shipped fast with no issues on the project at hand . 5 stars all day long .
i could not be happier with this platform . it is very stable , mobile and adjustable . highly recommend to any one with a dewalt trim saw .
i bought this one because my other one went dead . this one seems to work well . only used once so far . sw
this little thing is worth 1000 times as money . in one use you shall get your money back . it works perfectly . highly recommended . buy it .
its bigger than i expected but that's because its well made easily 4 inches opening easy to use.loved it .
to be really useful it needs to have a packing tool for bearings ... the one that looks like two 4 inch pie-plates to sandwitch the bearing between .
it does what its suppose to . worked well for me no issues picking up solder . i only used it on 2-3 small jobs .
tough 12 awg extension cord best for high power drawing tools like lawn mowers . well made high visibility yellow casing .
i've owned probably every brand of wire stripper on the market and none compare to the sharpness and versatility of this tool
this tool worked for me - note that you will still need the phillips #000 screwdriver for all the screws inside the phone .
our wiring was off center so with this light you can move it to where you want it . great buy !
very effective product . finds drywall screws on studs very quickly and hangs to wall . has level . no batteries . ordered a bunch more for gifts .
what can i say ... for under $ 5 you get a home owners life time supply of teflon tape . i couldn't have asked for more .
the price was right in a today deal otherwise i normally do not buy batteries that are name brand anymore .
this is a great gift for new drivers . it does well and is small and easy to use . i keep one in my car .
easy to install and projects a nice bright read beam over the cut line . works great on my milwaukee mitre saw . i highly recommend this accessory !
dewalt double battery charger . great for fast charging more than one battery at a time . now i don't have to wait for my spare battry to charge .
i bought this light because the price was so reasonable . the only problem is that they put out two white a light . not typical incandescent light .
this suction pad has the ability to suck the white off of rice ! but seriouslly this item has a great ability and maintains it's grip .
it seems bright enough to do the job . just lights up white . hope it will be okay for my seedlings .
and ready for installation . all but hand tighten and good to go ! bough two at that price , and will buy again for sure .
this is awesome ! its so bright and works with 17670s yay ! its great for an everyday light and a spotlight if needed .
i love my x-bench . these clamps make the bench even better . they area designed for the bench and work well .
bought this for the stairway light and very happy . nice warm white color i was looking for and worksperfect .
sunforce 82156 60 led solar motion light - i purchased for of these , installed these in maine with limited sun . they are working great .
have had it for about a week and so far i like using this faucet . the finish is nice and compliments my stainless steel sink .
great light ... good sensor ... good access to extra outlets . i recommend after having several of these night lites for years .
this case is a perfect fit for the ultrafire 501b light , and it is well made . should last a long time .
this is a must hammer for the hard working man . it takes only 2 hits to pound a 16 penny sinker . good balance , good overall .
keeps your blades all in one place.find the blade with the correct teeth quickly a verry good storage container for your saw blades
these pieces have works great so far . good depth and feel strong , couldn't ask for much more from such a simple tool .
today most people that need an extension ladder , have no space to store it . this is the way to go , easy to install and use .
i bought three of the stones and i am very pleased with the quality . never need to be flattened and no or minimum lubrication .
these are a welcome addition to my toolbox , very nice set , i would highly recommend , great deal on a great product
work great in coil siding nailers and great price . nails appear to be hot dip galvanized and ring shank . will order more when needed .
used this for my ceiling fans light fixtures , the quality is almost incandescent , hope they will last and last as promised .
bright , common batteries ( triple a's ) , works as it should , dis i say bright ! ! ! way more than what you pay for .
it is a great cord at a good competitive price . i have no complaints , and did buy a second one in a smaller size .
this is a nice package of handy accessories for your dremel tool . you get a good variety for a good price .
recommended , it is great in price . just ordered another one . it is smoke and cm for the bedroom . awesome product .
these connectors are probablt the best out there . typically when it comes to quality , you get what you pay for .
handy tool to have in case you need it , and the price is very reasonable . i picked up a dropped tool that i lost 2 months earlier
this works fine for construction adheasive . i needed to glue down a transition from my tiled hearth to the hardwood and it worked as expected .
this product is okay . the stick is not that strong , but it does the job . i would try to find something better if you can .
nice size blade for small terminal strips . of course , solid klein screwdriver construction . same screwdriver grip handle and 4 inch shaft as the other klein screwdrivers .
this is the best blade i've used with the sled on my table saw , absolutely love it ! i was surprised how quite it is too .
these were exactly what i needed to keep my little garage work going . seems strong and durable and fit well .
does exactly what is required , easy to install , works every time , good motion sensing , . lots of light . every buy should be this good .
used to plug a killawatt unit into an outlet and still be able to use the other outlet.nothing fancy , just an extension . would purchase again .
inexpensive personal protective equipment . good quality lense with great side protection . adjustable enough to fit most faces . good value product .
great little flashlight , brightest little light but it keeps lighting up on its own . in my pocket or when i pull out my keys .
a perfect match to the kreg screws , put the into a power driver and drive screws all day , very well made .
these work great for 2mm crimp beads . i haven't tried them on anything larger . i would recommend these for anyone into serious beading .
a great little light for a very nice price . very nice in the car or on the night table .
i used this to build my temperature controller for my reef tank . works well .
super useful because it allows you to essentially double the amount of small wattage chargers and such that you can fit into a power strip .
these provide good grip to add stability to the ladder placement . this is a really cheap way to do this .
these hose clamps are great . i use them with my grizzly dust collector system . they are simple to use and they stay tight and in place .
the unit is easy to set up and is very loud and annoying . a good addition to a home security protection layer .
you get what you pay for and these blades are certainly worth the price . long lasting blades . i will continue to buy them .
this is a sharp , high quality drill bit that is built with the attention to detail that i have come to rely on from de walt tools .
i have 3 of these to accommodate several tools that need dust collection . it has all the popular sizes ready to trim .
so far it has worked well not sure if it will last overtimegood for sanding edges of doors and jobs like that
i like having the solar panel separate from the light so i can place each where it works the best . it works great .
fast shipping , good seller . these are simple to use and change 1 9 volt battery , tiny light can help in dark also.bobby
i believe the wire clamps work better than the broader band type clamps . the wires grab between the ridges on the hose .
these nails are of perfectly acceptable quality , and worked as expected and hoped for in my milwaukee nailer . no reason to pay more for other brands .
i love this tool . it works great and every board is planed smooth . i have had this tool for over a year .
does the job but there are better ones available . wanted to replace a aquarium timer i had . hard to set , small pieces .
this series of flashlights are well made and quite adequate . the rechargeable battery seems to give a little more brilliance to the light .
keeps the grinder clean between uses , and maintains the overall organized appearance of the shop .
well made for buffing paste wax . has a centering hole for fast change out . see my reviews for the best disk to use . sw
great blade and having a name brand for this price is great . would order again when need another blade for masonry , etc .
very good quality and the closest i have found to matching a 1982 toilet . will lever buy a wooden seat again . these clean so much easier ,
takes up very little space and works good . a nice 2nd hand for long boards on my chop saw or table saw .
i've got 2 of these and bought one for my brother . they're a great size and the included bits seem to be of surprisingly high quality .
i didn't expect this guy to get my knives super sharp , but at least they're not dull anymore . you really can't beat it for the price .
covers arrived in good shape . they fit the ends well . they have no real function so for price and service i rated 5 star
fits and works perfectly with my b & d rotary tool . allows easy use of a variety of shaft sizes without changing collets . very fast and convenient .
nicely made , slim and easy to install on any air compressor . i really like this product and would purchase again .
i have both the smaller gray one and this red one . both function perfectly and are very sturdy.highly recommended .
great product , easy to install and program , saves me money on my energy bills , especially the summer and winter season .
lightweight , portable and non-nonsense way to clean up . uses inexpensive filter bags rather than the more expensive pleated paper filters .
bought this to make my lights go on and offfor some lights i put in my garden to keepthe deer out .
3m makes good products . screens didn't last long as i was hard on them but they did the job . would buy again
this drilled through my door in about two seconds while i was installing a peephole . you can tell that it is built with great craftmanship .
i work maintenance , this product comes in handy . it is durrable and easy to use . it is also a descent buy .
i love this tool and all the other attachments that go with it or that you can buy seperatly . easy to change from one attachment to the other .
we're slowly trying sampling these mres . i do not know the date code for this product and wonder how old it is .
these are for holding old fashioned sand paper i prefer sanding blocks with the good edge on them they work better .
i needed a steamer to clean tiles in the bathroom and kitchen , along with cleaning the cabinets . it does the job well . great price .
i'm a dewalt guy , but this is overpriced , the tip is huge ! ! ! go on ebay and get a china verson for cheaper please .
this blade is great for making cuts in plywood without surface ply chipping . it produces smooth crosscuts also , so smooth , that end grain sanding is effortless .
this is great set for money you pay . i use them for sharpening small saws , to cleaning up hard to get at areas in my woodworking .
i especially like these because they fit both hands , since i only use them on one hand . my kevlar gloves cannot be used this way .
very simple and come with everything you meed to make solder or unsolder just about anything . thanks a lot for product .
no instructions but you can figure it out . started to get noisy after installation . graphite and 3 - in - 1 oil mostly sorted that out .
nice stubby screwdriver . includes several common bits . also can use any screwdriver bits you have . nice ratchet action . all at a nice price .
it hasn't bent , and the magnet is stronger than i expected . simple tools that do many things well are a delight
i pulled out one bulb to test and it worked as i expected it to . the case is stored in the attic for future use .
finaly i can have my chisels and planes realy sharped , thanks to this whetsones , woodworking essentials tools in your workshop
good quality and nice finish . easy to reverse handles for opposite swing doors . has option for 2 types of pre-drilled striker .
very powerful and well made . this is just what i was looking for . yes , i would buy this product again
what can i say ? you can break rocks with it , use it to lever up heavy things , and it looks so professional .
i didn't like the idea that this bosch was made in china but it seems to work quite well ... good product
i carry two power drills a circular saw a jig saw and three 100 foot extention cords in this bag
they fit ok and protected my hands well while roofing . for the money a wise choice but will not protect against power tool mistakes !
good assortment of set screws . when one of my set screws had its hex part worn out , this kit was excellent to have around .
i used these with a makita 4350 jigsaw . they fit perfectly and cut well . i appreciate the selection of blades and they've worked well so far .
dries fast and semi clear . i use it to glue figured tops on guitar bodys and havent had any problems yet .
excellent quality easy to see , wide viewing angles . i did get some fog but superior to the cheep ones . buy these to protect your eyes
this little light is very compact and very bright . the beam can be adjusted to focus like a spot light up to 150 feet .
very good price when compared to other filters . i see no difference in this filter and more expensive ones ... easy order prompt delivery .
a little small but i think it will work . hope to never have to use them but you never know
i can tell they are decent quality . they are very elastic and not dry rotted . i just ended up not using them .
this is a good set of blades , with room in the case for some additional blades in a tough protective case to keep the blades well organized .
i was expecting wired option but turns out you can set this up wireless . awesome option . set up and installation in 5 min .
i love these things ... what a great idea ! hold things fast ; and seem pretty durable so far for me . thanks for making these !
needed this to connect my pneumatic tools to an inline water / oil trap . works perfectly ! would buy it again if needed .
i have always had trouble driving in long deck screws . this tool is remarkable , no more wobble , no more dropped screws , no more stripped heads .
this works great for carrying a spare glock 19 or similar sized magazine . would work for a glock 26 mag too .
absolutely awesome . drives nails in seconds and great for tight spaces.don ' t try with small headed nails ( i . e . finishing nails ) .
these work great as zipper pulls on jackets and bags . not too small and not too big . puts out enough light to be useful . very convenient .
if you are getting an impact driver this will come in very handy . i recommend this yo anyone looking for a basic starter attachment set .
i can't really say much about this product because it didn't fit my generator . it was a quality product , just didn't fit my plug .
the item is sturdy , thick wire , good solid ends , overall an excellent quality item . also liked that it's made in the usa .
been using it for 2 or three years now wiht no trouble at all . in fact bought another unit for a different tool .
typical festool quality . very versatile and effective in all modes . if i could have just one sander this would be it .
well made , just like the other vise-grip clamps . these are excellent for clamping down small objects to be worked on .
other than ordering the wrong size , they are good quality as they have been for many years . make sure you choose your size wisely .
everything looked good and the charger worked fine so far and the ligt was real bright ! this seems to be a real good buy.jim davis
really , as long as a drill bit makes the proper holes and doesn't break along its shaft , how can it go wrong ? these are fine .
the material and construction almost seems a little ' ' cheap ' ' , to me , but otherwise these adapters function as intended and seem to install properly .
exactly what i needed , doesnt look cheap , nice solid feel , wish it came with 2 males and 2 females , but whatever .
they work as advertised . professionally made and work as they should . small and lightweight but tend to tangle . i'd buy them again .
nice belt and fits my big belly : ) ... fits the other dewalt belt options and looks good too . nice
quick and easy review : this is great for hiding small jewelry , money and keys.you really can't tell this from the real product !
good light , good deal , shipping takes forever but i knew that when i ordered it . i use it for close work ( wood carving ) .
i am impressed with the progress in led lighting . i have had to change 3 way lamps to dimming switches and now use the dimming led bulbs
this tool provides a complement me on my restoration work . it assists me in outdoor work where i can not take my cnc router .
i bought it for the arduino projects.pretty good price with 1lb solder.diameter was accurate . i am still using it.not extremely good but enough quality to recommend .
working just like i thought . wonderfully . a little bummed that it didn't come with an air hose connection piece .
these are good batteries for the money , time will tell with batteries . smoke detecters and back up for alarm clocks isn't much of a challenge .
product works well , instructions were poor , but does do the job well once you figure it out .
a good purchase . i would pay more for carbide by a good manufacturer . reviews on some sources guide me back to dewalt .
bought this along with the dws 780 ... haven't regretted it for a moment ... its a bit heavy but also very sturdy and totally adjustable ...
take lots of torque without failing . the side walls are a little thick for some applications but that makes them stronger .
works perfectly with the honeywell bell . i have it mounted outside and it hasn't given me any problems yet . looks nice too .
husband can't spray paint without it . have misplaced one and had to order this one . great way to save the strenght in your hands .
nice little addition to your key ring , can come in handy when your in a desperate situation . well made and light weight .
these are great for use in your power drill with the socket , they work great and fast , i use mine all the time
i use this for looking for bunnies before letting my dogs out ... it's a major improvement from the one i had . recommended .
these staples work great in my porter cable stapler . i re-upholster furniture and have used them many times . they don't jam the stapler .
installed this at the top of my barn , installs easily into outlet , which is perfect for a garage install . very bright !
i've used these in several situations besides just the pc peripherals . they make changing plugs or often-plugged electronics very easy .
nice set of screwdrivers . durable and well made . use them everyday the solid shaft all the way through is nice for chiseling .
installed to new air hose with teflon tape and no leaks . seems like it will last forever during normal use .
arrived very quickly and was very easy to program . not quite as small and the 370lm but will work fine as a replacement .
i have tried all kinds of feet for a trunk that i use as a coffee table . these are so simple and effective . very pleased
this has three different positions and is kind of spring loaded to it " sticks " in each of the positions . great finish and very strong .
it does what it is supposed to do . nothing special about it at all but it sure is doing its job right .
good quality , no problem holding any weed eater you would want . the metal seems fairly good quality on this item .
the sp2201h is an led upgrade of the former incandeecent mini maglite.the led beam is very bright and adjustable by turning the head .
great product for use on air conditioners and major appliances , can be use for many applications around the home or shop .
best product of this nature . had others in the past but nothing compares to this . bright as can be ! you won't be disappointed !
you can buy these same staples a lot cheaper at home depo . good product , not a real value when bought here .
great little tools to use different little socket on those small jobs . fit drill motor very nicely and a great addition to every tool box
nice little vise for small jobs in the shop , holds up well as long as you know it's limitations ...
made removing the three hundred plus nails from forty year old paneling a breeze . if i ever lose it i would buy another .
my drain pipes for my rain gutter downspouts are above the frost line . these heating tapes keep my downspouts draining , even is sub 0 weather
these work very well and the price was super . should have gotten a size larger though for more reach clamping .
fantastic light works great it's extreamly bright , use it all the time i would recommend this to anyone who needs to see what they are working on
i tested each battery upon arrival and each one was fully charged and reay to go . put in storage for future use .
air hose is made well and appears to be durable , would purchase this again if the need would arise ! seller was great too a + service .
don't believe the claim of the # of hours . they fail much sooner . feit is the worst brand of cfl i've used.feit = wasted
a great addition for a portable drill . give you a quick change for your keyless chuck . a great addition to my tools .
these are great locks for tools . 1 key opens all 4 locks its very convenient and easy . highly recommended . the lock is good quality
i have 6 this model lights . but 3 of them are dead now . very short life span . waste of your money .
they seem to be of good quality . i am sure they will work fine when i get around to using them .
this little camera is adorable and makes a great sound ! the flashing light adds to the appeal , without being obnoxious .
i had to send these back for credit a they were not for the machine i thought they were so i got credit for these
i have this stand under my band-saw . it lifts easily and rolls well . much better than some stands i've used before !
at this price i jumped at the opportunity to have another set of these bits . they will perform much better than the regular bits and sockets .
like the product and different lengths . could be a little harder steel . still would recommend it to others . has a good grip and feel .
bought this to use with dewalt dws 535 7 1/4- inch worm drive circular saw . the saw fits perfectly inside for easy carrying and storage
its a good blade that last long . worth the money.you will save money cause it last way longer then the lower end blades .
this covers most of the non-traditional screw head types you will encounter . well organized and presented in a handy case .
got it about a year ago and is working fine , never had any trouble with it . easy to install , works as intented and very strong made .
i use every day and i put this rating because is nice and i like it , everybody like mechanic job this tools help and cheap save money
it works very nice just as described i have the 3d cell mag light led and it fits perfect
i bought this product , it works there isn't much more i can say . i would buy this product again
we have several of these around the house and in the cars . i use one at work all of the time . very bright and durable .
alway need a spare battery . the price was right . these batteries are lighter weight and hold a charge longer than the originals bought in 2007 .
seem well made and did the job i needed when changing a radiator in my truck . the rest of this is for amazon .
i wanted something more accurate than my square and this works fine . is it perfect ? probably not , but not building custom furniture , just a deck .
good quality gear at a reasonable price which will give me many years of good reliable use . couldn't be happier
handy multi-purpose tool for eating . takes up little space and it was super cheap . great for a camping / survival bag !
these are bright bulbs ! i'd say more than 40w equivalent . but they work great on a ( led-compatible ) dimmer to get just the right light .
this glue is great . dries quickly . works great on wood and does great as a replacement for elmers if you run out .
the bemis toilet seat is built solid . it looks good and is kinda heavy . the plastic bolts are of great quality . easy install .
always like to have spares for the small item which seem to be misplaced . at least one is there when you need them .
simple design . good quality . have been using it for the past 2 months and we have no complaints . we like it and recommend it .
great tool for a woman that doesn't want to rely on a man to fix something in the house . i love it
well built . has two male ends . quite sure this will last a while.used it with a personal air compressor .
great replacement for the bulbs that are out in the bathroom , my wife and i love these bulbs due to their clean lighting and soft color .
works well . very happy with it . does what i need doing . when needed , priceless . works well , hopes it has long life .
small , easy to hold . can be kept anywhere . great price ! get one for the wife !
i used this tool to put down two laminate floors and this tool helped me greatly i was surprised how well it tightened the floor up
i use this kit for all gunsmithing needs and it works perfectly ! i highly recommend this item . now just filling in words .
my husband installed this in his shower--in less than 10 minutes . he's very happy with the water pressure and mix of hot and cold .
i would like to have seen a better seal along the bridge of the nose , but otherwise very nice item .
so i'd say it works as it should . this blade powered right through some 3 ' birch i needed cut down so i'd say it passed the test .
i've a few other swiss-tech tools and this is just as goo as the otherscompact and easy to use . a definite must for tacklebox and gear in the backpack
i wanted the most powerful soldering iron made . this was the best i could do . it gets plenty hot and is heavy to help .
the light is nice and bright , but the mounting bracket is totally inadequate and not designed properly , and not holding properly ( slipping ) .
arrived fast and as described i have been in need of a quality soldering station with replaceable tips and and this fits the bill
it is a good piece of tool kit going with the heat gun . my suggestion is to do more deburring of the rough edges .
finished 2000 sq ft of maple flooring , building our first home . tool worked as expected . no problems what so ever . over 12,000 nails .
im a tool man , so this is very usefull , i will buy it again , and again ...
using it on the bathtube for my 4yr old and my 4 month old sons . easy to use and very gentle for babies .
better valve handle than the cheaper versions . this is a generic tapper for the 135a coolant cans , although it is not usually needed .
current picture shows newer style than mine but basic design is still there and great quality from dwalt as always .
good for light electronics work , not so good for heavier mechanical assembly work , tips are a little on the soft side .
wife needed some tools for her work toolbox and this was a great addition . she uses them almost daily and they aren't cheaply made .
the most important pneumatic fitting to not cheap out on ! ! buy good female ends . these are good .
i use this in my wood shop , and wanted something cheap and easy to use . i got it in this product .
went through a bunch of bits , doing some construction that required lots of screws , these came in handy and work great
nice safety glasses fit well , quality build for the price and the right bifocal is great ! what a value buy !
just what i needed . wont stop a determined theif , but it keeps unwanted hands from pilfering my tools while at work .
they put out great light as long as you keep up with replacing the batteries when the light gets low on them ! ! !
wrap is sturdy and well made . worked perfect for my wrench set . would definitely purchase another and probably will fairly soon .
i'm very pleased with the low wattage design and simple automatic control that none-the-less protects plumbing from freezing . this heat tape is perfect for my requirement .
the assembly instructions are not clear and bristol key does not fit well in the screws the rest is very good product .
meets airline requirements because the blade cannot lock up as with larger knives . easy to open and close . feels well made .
glad to finally find hooks for my ladder that will not bend / break within a couple of years . highly recommend these .
tried loray's and lanskie's ... this is much faster and better and safer to use ... nice tool sharpening machine and appears very rugged and well built ... hobbiehubbcapp .
i use it in conjunction with a kindling ax . does the job . seems very sturdy . three pounds is a lot of weight . a heavy hitter .
i use them to buff my soldering gun tips , also buff my electronics equipment tools . they remover stuck on solder
heavy , very nice material , well made for this application of weldind or grinding ! this should be a part of your tool box .
we use these non-skid casters to keep our beds from moving on hard floor surfaces and they are excellent . the beds do not move at all .
i have this in my keychain , it has been useful so many times that i can't remember all of them .
as metal bits , they are worthless . you may get two holes out of a bit if you're lucky . use for wood only .
worth the money at twice the price , easy to assemble , great to use , slick that you can stack for taller pieces going through the bandsaw
easy to install , tight connection , gets rid of chlorine smell . very nice slim design and i highly recommend it . buy
they do the job well , bright , i only wish that their was a pack like of 35 - watt bulbs available like this .
awesome lights ! i purchased these for my garage and outside lighting behind my house so i could see where my porch light didn't reach . these are great !
they ran a sale on these and i bought several for cutting a granite hand sculpture . i moved a lot of stone for the small outlay of money .
been using duck adhesive remover for many years . always worksgreat and saves damaging things with those price stickers andother labels that are hard to remove .
installed easily and does what it's supposed to do . price was good just make sure it's the correct size for your vacuum .
very bright lite . works in batteries so it can be put anywhere . it was a great addition to our home .
the control is great . easy adjustments and doesn't change till i need it to . this is by fare going to be my go to router from now on
... an unexpected outage without these . the light is bright enough and the nightlight function is also nice to have . i gladly recommend the article .
put this in my survival bag . quality is cheap but good enough to start a fire if required . pick one up just in case .
excellent timer as long as you have continuous electricity supplied to it . not easy to get re-set if you lose power .
glue perfect for when two things needs to be one ! a nice simple wood glue , its not fast its not pretty but its a great hold .
anice little tool . surprisingly strong torque . battery life is pretty good . i bought several for gifts after seeing how well it worked .
plenty bright , batteries seem to last longer than i expected and it comes with a wrist strap that is not shown .
it works fine in my drill . we'll see how it lasts . the price was good and the service was excellent . i will buy again as needed .
since led lightning for aquariums are too expensive , i use 2 of these for my aquarium . excellent for what i needed .
i replaced an older model ( 10 + yrs ) that was extremely loud . this works quietly , i don't even know when it's running .
a really love my tools this is the best tool to have for tight corners that's why i choose to have this one
i use this with my meguiars buffer and it works great . it's also cheaper than the other brands , but still works as good .
i bought this for use with my reel mower . it works great and does what it is advertised to do .
this little light is so great i was suprised at the amount of light it puts out and its so light and easy to install
definitely a heavy duty ladder . i am 290 lbs and this ladder is solid under that weight .
these are excellent for grasping tiny objects . i purchased them for working on small circuit boards , watch batteries , eyeglass screws and the like .
i like these a lot . the quality control of the tips coming together is not perfect , but , pretty close . still , a nice plier .
this is an easy to use versatile tool that has multiple applications . lightweight and convenient and its a quality tool
bought for my 11 year old son's bedroom . well constructed quality item built to last . he loves the look of it
perfect for any type of bolt , i just added a little lubricant to soften it up more but other than that it works well .
this is a must have for all woodworkers.low - tech , high quality . i use this mainly with my router table.sizes are useful for many operations
i really like this brush . i already had one but it did not have the brass bristles which come in very handy . buy this brush
this is a good strong stainless steel folding knife . i love the design and the fact that it is so compact .
put these inside pants that have a space open to put in knee pads.great that these are super thick as opposed to some of the wimpy cushioned pads .
i am trilled with this hammers performance . hands down bosch is the best ! ! bosch craftmanship is superior , no complaints what so ever . i highly recommend
some appliances or electronics require torx screwdrivers , which is not common like the standard flat or phillips . i would recommend this as part of your tool set .
i have only used one bit from this set so far , to hang blinds . did the job and fit my small wireless driver / drill .
this is a great product . it is well made , installs easily , works perfectly and looks fantastic . its a great buy for the price .
it was a bit of time to assemble but not difficult and not a " cheap " construction . i plan to buy another one .
good weight and size to do demo work for home renos . i would recommend , though my bar hasn't seen miles of use yet .
i like the black color , it matches the other receptacles in our kitchen , nice to have a charging receptacle built in , we will use it often
could not find local and my son needed to have a turn on and off for his pool at his new house ;
have a few of these in my various kits . bought this for a friend who needed a compact sharpener for his daily carry knife .
i does what it say's but i did not find it very useful and was somehwat hard to work with or try and shape .
ordered four of them and have them installed in the bedrooms and checked them out . so far am satisfied with results .
my old oopener croaked , i bought a couple of these and am very happy with my opener remote . it opens 3 of my doors .
nice 3 way plug and no tangle wires . it works perfect in the kitchen . recommend the product from levitron .
it works ; it sands ; lasts well on an electric corded sander when cut into 1/4 ' s . has assorted sizes .
it works as designed . the price was great . i have used it for several months with no issues . i would recommend for any casual craftsman .
i use a lot of wire and this product filled the billed perfectly . it is copper wire and well insulated . a great product .
irwin designed this post leveler to last . magnets are strong enough to hold on to any steel or iron post .
this fan is quiet and moves a good amount of air for the size , it's cheap too . can't ask for more .
this thing is obviously made in china with a ge stamp on it . 24 hour rotation is more like 11 hours 45 minutes . just plain junk .
excellent for eye protection and for whole king of job at the industry or around the house , i recommend it for protection
best small flashlight on the market with an extremely bright light and is adjustable . well made with aluminum to withstand heavy use .
the battery fit correctly and good power thus far . will have to see how long it will retain it's ability to be recharged .
very pretty lights , easy to install , scattered on a desert bush which sways a little in the breeze . look beautiful at night
i own a very old house with very old drains and pipes , and this just didn't do the job i was hoping for .
these are great to have around when i have to many big block power cords . they work great . highly recommend .
needed this to fill out and order but you know that you can not go wrong with dewalt tools or their accessories .
these look great . i cant tell any difference to the knobs from the local hardware stores . one did have a scratch on it .
i use this pump for winterizing my boat . it is used to pump rv fluid via muffs to the lower driver pick-up . works really well .
thin blades cut well carbide tips last longer cuts clean like these blades works well for my use and the price is fair ...
template to install wrong.wooden handle terrible never stays together.other wise the vise itself is pretty good.customer service good !
verry usefull on my ronde as a security officer ... it is not ambarassing and light ... large space for the belt .
this is a fine saw , but it is not a real flush cut saw . test it on scrap before attempting to flush cut anything !
this thing is a buff buffer . it goes right through nasty crap . i used different pads than what came with it .
very good lights , and when you put all 4 in one fixture it will really light up a room . highly recommend .
very cool gadget . works great . setup was very easy . no issues so far .
it's a really nice firm bag . doesn't flatten out and collapse from highway speed winds . the straps are all nicely designed and buckle tightly .
excellent product.remains of during day.at night it turns on for sometime only if motion is detected .
we haven't died yet , so i guess it is doing its job . if we all drop dead one night , i'll let you know .
this battery works great and gives a longer running time than the battery that came with our black & decker grass trimmer / edger !
this is the easiest straight edge clamp i've ever used . it really holds tight and adjusts quickly . the best ever .
these nails are a little pricey and you're stuck using them if you have a paslode nailer , but so far not a single jam .
this actually is a pretty good product and it does clean up the receptable area nicely . the added surge protection is a good feature also .
this beats the crap out of the spring-type retainer . when you are using a really high-powered air hammer , it will save you a lot of cussing .
this is a great product for those who want to reuse their store shopping bags . easy to use and no smudy fingerprints .
great price . these were so much cheaper and we have several of these in our kitchen . so to find them this cheap we were thrilled .
all i have to say is that this bad boy cuts ! i've used it on steel , and stainless steel , no problem !
exactly the same as i got at lowe's 3 years ago at a better price . it is a good assortment .
they fit and work in my campbell hausfeld 3/8- inch to 1-1 / 4 - inch 18 - gauge narrow crown air powered stapler . no jamming thus far .
i am very satisfied with this chuck set . i have used it in many applications and it has splendidly accomplished all my turning tasks with flying colors .
i bought these to replace the tape on a spice rack , but the original tape is holding up still . i have not used this yet .
some of the best streamlight 85177 cr123a lithium batteries , 12 - pack money can buy will buy somemore . . . .. .
you spend the money you get what you paid for .. will tell friend , will show the one that is working the other one don't work
does just what it supposed to for a good price . this is nicely built and well put together . very compact too .
these are high end nut drivers . a must for any one in a trade requiring tools of this type . thanks
arrived quickly , as advertised and a good buy . these cost , at a local big box , about twice what i got them for here .
we make bowls and other items that really need a round surface . sanding small items is hard also , so this has helped a lot .
needed fuel for a lab burner and this is that thing . price is right , quality is good , burner is happy . will buy again .
nice different flare to extension cords , plus lighted to let you know your circuit breaker is turned on the indicated charger .
just got it yesterday . all i can say for now is : wow batteries seem to be of high quality . hope they prove to be .
how pathetic is my life getting when i'm writing reviews for sink strainers . however this product works great and solved our problem .
i have this power pack for 5yrs & still works good.timer is a little noisy but it still works fine .
getting old sucks . sometimes glasses don't help see up close . this magnifier works very well . the headband is adjustable and the light works well too .
i found them very good , and the price is excellent for the product . they lasted long enough to finish my work .
i have been burning my 150w bulbs for over 2 months non-stop now and have yet to have a problem .
ha ! had this guy next to my bed . it end up moving some were else since you can hear it go on .
i was brought another in office depot and i send it back this is so nice and they include many more.thank you .
nothing from dremel is cheap , but these tools can do things in tight spaces where other tools cannot - and do it quietly !
no complaints fits tight in the table.guides well on the wood.small rip cuts - it works well if you have a straight edge to run it down .
it is too heavy and big for me , i can no mount it on my wall , using the hook already installed . so i returned it .
this tool kit is great . the only issue i have is that the tips of plastic pry bar tends to break easily .
wanted security for the kitchen in case of a fire . this appears to be a mind satisfying device to help prevent a fire from spreading .
it is such a great torch i bought a 2nd one just in case i loose the first one . buy yourself some 18650 batteries and dont look back .
these fit everything that i own just fine and don't fall off or anything . it's a quality product for the price .
we use this lamp daily in our home ! it's the perfect corner-lamp and the added reading-lamp is a great addition ! we love it !
found this to be a very good product for the money . especially when doing some turnings . would recommend this to anyone .
another accessory that goes with the others and the ladder.hold all your small stuff that would grit lost in your tool bag .
my daily carry light , shows some wear from constantly being in my pocket , but it takes all that abuse in stride .
there is not much to say about crow bars . the finish is fine and it is stiff . one off for price
good value for money . comes in nice case for storage and hanging on a peg board.have purchased other tekton tools before and not been disappointed .
they are rivets ... havent used more than 5 % but they seem to work well . 1 2 3 1 4 5 2
cree mini flash lightgreat little light , compact very bright , works great as a photo light , well built , great price
got these for a dr . horrible cosplay . look great and easy to wear for cosplay . but look well enough to stand up actual working conditions
does not turn on until room is pretty dark , which is good.the light is sufficiently bright . works well in bedroom and hall way .
i mainly cut mdf , and am always looking for blades that can cut it cleanly . well , this is one such blade .
quality materials - well made - great design - easy to use - i will buy more in various sizes - recommended
wow , i didn't even know they made these ... should come with the angle grinder , just makes too much sense . awesome price too .
outstanding hearing protection at a competitive price . these are perfect for operating power tools around the house . a great purchase !
seems to work but i have only had a small sample to test against , looks easy enough to clean , it is much bigger than i thought
for a switch plate , it is rigid and not like some of the cheap flimsy ones you get at the local big box . it's adequate ...
have not used , but have charged them . know they will perform as well as my other dewalt batteries have in the past .
you use both plugs . it is fine for lamps , but for anything else forget it . buy the heavy-duty version of this time . it works great .
this is a nice router bushing kit for the money . will do anything the higher priced " professional " series from woodworking supply stores will do .
works fine . seems to have long battery life . good price fine quality . light puts out good amount of light for area coverage .
this is a perfect blade , sharp and flawless in operation . amazons price is $ 30 less than others.get it you wont regret it .
i have this mounted outside to turn on the fluorescent flood lights i have in my backyard . it does a great job ! ! !
for those beginners this is a great set to get , has everything that you need to start your own projects .
did not like the amount of light given out by this bulb . is never bright enough for reading or working by desk in this light
this little guy makes electronics work so much easier.the giant magnifying head helps a lot as well . the construction seemsgreat for the price . i've got no complaints .
great product with great service . the garage door remote worked great and was shipped quick as well.liftmaster 890max remote replaces 370lm & 970lm garage door remote
i love this item . not only does it work extremely well , it looks good also . the design is fantastic and it is easy to install .
this works quite well for my purpose of making colloidal silver . thank you for such a good product at a reasonable price !
i bought two of these to replace the original ones that stopped charging . my drill works like new again . what more could you ask for ?
they are awesome , the light is very comfortable and very nice , they are at a good price the quality is awesome
really like these . i put it on my dogs leash for going out at night . this provide more than ample light and is only about 1.5 inches .
not a perfect tool but i love it , looks durable , well built , nice product , recommended
its not 1000 lumens but it is hell ah bright . its a great little light i would reckmend to anyone
these grip really well and they prevent any slipping or movement of the chairs and tables we placed them under .
i use this to test our ro water system . it is pretty obvious that it works when the tds is so different between ro and tap water .
everyone should carry spare fuses . shouldn't they ? this is a good assortment to have on hand . i highly recommend this product .
i bought this star key set mainly for my airsoft maintenance needs . so far this key set has been very useful
long enough to reach most situations & solidly holds blade in place be careful blade has no cover when not in use .
well designed and built . i would expect no less from dewalt . i'm sure that it will preform as good as i expect .
i think the title and the picture say it all . it's a quality stubby hammer that is nice to have around .
biscuits work as they are intended . appear to be accurately sized and are of consistent quality . reasonable value for the money .
i bought this as a carpentry drop cloth . nearly impossible to get the sawdust off of this due to the rough texture .
got this for my step father for christmas . from what ive heard is he uses it quite often in his garage on his tinker hobbies etc .
got these as an add on . you never know how handy these are until you need one but don't have a spare handy .
this is one of my best selling flashlights i also use it myself and my family very good tactical light .
every kreg product i've ever used - - and i have most of them - - is superb .
gets screws on tough angles . i used it and it paid for itself the first time .
installed an icemaker in my fridge and used this kit to tap into an existing water line . kit worked as expected without issue .
works as described , check your avg . temp on at 78 is low for the avg . tool room or barn .
no better or worse than the normal economy chipping hammer.cheap , does the job at chipping slag , not much else to say !
drill doctor works great . now i have no more dull bits . don't know how i got along with it before now
these pumps work better than fire hoses . just make sure your hose is hooked up correctly and look out , just beautiful
got this for christmas and it's great . fully adjustable and very comfortable ! i love the material and feel ! definitely recommend for anyone doing messy work .
this was a great upgrade . the light is brighter then stock and i like the longer battery life too . i would recommend to anyone .
these things are pretty heavy and sturdy . if you're looking for an extension bar for the right price , this one is it .
gave this to my brother for christmas , he was happy and i am sure he will get a lot of use out of it .
these little inventions are awesome and indispensable for woodworking and refinishing . grab yourself a set and find out how handy these little disks are ..
saw arrived with stripped screw holes where saw attaches to base . saw is held to base with 4 screws that thread into plastic only . returned .
this tool works great on pex of 3/4 and 1/2 size , easy one handed operation and really clean straight cuts .
cool little tool . bought it to keep in the camper as a all around hammer , screwdriver , nut driver , ect ... great idea !
compare it with 2 large starrett squares and it came up almost dead on . the error i saw could have been in the square's . 0005 error .
recently bought these but they already went through hell yet they have not fallen apart or ripped . great for working on my car !
these glasses seem to be working fine for me so far . nice coverage without feeling too distracting . nice that they come in a large size .
i gave this as a gift so i dont know how it worked.my brother was happy to recieve it but hasnt given me any feedback .
great battery's as long as they last . since we have to have them for our drills and lights we have no choice but to keep buying them .
dont bother with this unit-the only thing its good for is the white noise it gives off to go to sleep .
amazing 30 db noise reduction . comfortable , makes . 22s sound like nothing and 9mm quite quiet . vry highly recommended . they feel solid .
cheap bright works great when you're working at night , uses buttloads of power , so beware . gets hot , so don't burn yourself .
this is a compact and versatile tool with plenty of power when you need it . plenty of torque to get thru almost any material .
i just got it and it works well . i can't get the finish nails to set flush . it sets them in a little .
these did exactly what i wanted with minimal fuss . better than some of the more expensive boards . highly recommend these items .
had broken the tip off my 10 year old one so this was much cheaper then buying a whole new tool .
these are a little smaller than other ones i have , but the bend in the tip makes them excellent for electrical work like getting around tight switch boxes .
we love these ! if your looking for a great lookin comfortable work glove . this is it ! great price too !
what more can you say it is dremel quality and the price was reasonable . it contains most of what a home user would need for most projects
just got them and easy install , battery's included . i purchased these because of the escape light . not as bright as older first alerts with 2 battery system.bobby
it's wire . it's 18 gauge . there's 100 ft of it . it's a great thing to have . nothing else to say .
a commodity product around the shop that has a better service life than other poorly made brushes . very satisfied with the quality of materials and construction .
these bits are very sharp and very easy to use because of their shape . they seem to retain their sharpness for a good long time .
great assortment of hard to find ends for repairing various electronic devices . case is handy too and keeps everything organized .
works good no much to say about it i just used it couple times in i'm happy white the results !
these tools are of very high quality and have been used almost every day since i bought them . the various sizes are just right .
could not be happier ... easy to assemble and install ... purchased 4 unitsfor my auto shop . really cuts back heating bills and they run 24 - 7 .
fits my ladder as described and is very useful . it is so big it is easy to overload with heavy tools .
i with i had known about and bought this tool 20 years ago . it crimps battery cable lugs super fast and makes a good crimp .
this is a great and easy way to add a dimming function to the lamp next to my couch . i use this on a daily basis .
works well for all that i need it for ! ! havent had any problems ! ! will tackle small jobs or larger ones as well ..
added this to my dewalt inventory when replacing the 14.7 v batteries . great addition to my useful tools , here in hurricane country .
handy tool at such price ! did not go wrong with it and use always to remove long hairs and food pieces clogging new style drains .
this is a usefull thing to have in your bit bag . i should have gotten 2 , one for the drill and one for the screwgun .
i own 3 of these for both work and home . they rock . best designed drill - driver i've ever used .
comfortable and comes with many options in layout and wear style . and the flashlight turret mounts won't let you down .
this is the perfect size hammer for getting into tight places with and still heavy ended enough to deliver a blow .
i would recommend this product to anyone who needs a door chime . it is easy to install and works great .
standard back-flow preventer to keep outside sources from feeding back into your plumbing . installs easy , just make sure you really tighten it down well
i found these to be the best buy . needed the length and medium duty . well made , ratchet works smoothly , and easy to use .
have been buying these for a number of years and have never had one break.these screws are the highest quality
perfect , really good quality sink . would get one again and not think twice about it thanks for making a good sink .
i had a very similar looking product that simply broke . this one looks to be of higher quality and we expect it will be fine .
this pad really grips on tile floor well . easy to cut to needed size . thick enough to provide some cushion . would buy again .
if you have some left over condoms you might be able to use those to save your caulk , but these things work great !
easily installed , very quite operation . no problem hooking up the ducting to the oval outlet . i'd buy this over the other " name " brands .
great little light for the price.gave some to guys at work and they were all happy.compact and bright.great little light for your tool bag
barely acceptable , this paint's reflectivity is marginal , at best . it is especially weak when applied to dark backgrounds . would not buy more .
it works very well for heavy loads , but it's very thick , and can get heavy when you go to wind it up .
nice drill bits , they are short so you can't drill through thick material but good for pre drilling . case is very nice .
love this ! our garage door would not open so we installed this and it works like a charm ! ! ! love it ! ! !
this saw stand really makes a difference as i can take the saw to where the work happens . makes it much more convenient . and it is sturdy !
nice engraver that will be used often once it warms up again in northern wisconsin and i can spend more time out in my garage . highly recommend
mucho mejor que la esponga esto limpia bien las puntas , , , , , , , , , ,
works perfectly . simple to set up . easy to use . well worth it if you have the compatible garage door opener .
still working after 3 months , batteries haven't need to be changed yet.sensor doesn't pick up movement beyond 15 feet away but this is perfect for what i need .
wish i would have bought this a long time ago . way better than the little square tool i used for the past 20 years . a good deal .
works a little bit , but not really worth it . can't use them well if you wear glasses . you do look like bono wearing them though !
often nail guns require different pressures . i use this regulator when using a brad nailer and a finish nailer to install baseboard and casing .
well made bungee cords to tie down sides of tent . i use these to secure the sides of my tent at our local craft sales .
i had the white color ones and decided black was less conspicuous for my usage . the hold up pretty well and can hold a portable hard drive nicely .
i am a flash light fanatic and this is small yet powerful and you can also use regular batteries in !
long run time with 4.0 ah batteries . i love no cord for those quick jobs . i also love the blade mount .
i'm learning how to solder for my rc hobby work . thus , i needed a helping hand . this one is remarkably good at a very good price .
great locks . you can adjust the combination to any number sequence that you want and it's easy to do . great price and fast delivery .
pros : easy to filleasy to lightstays on if neededstands up easyaluminum and steel partscons : none really
adds 4 addition outlets for plugging in many 110v items . easily installed . great product from a recognized company . worthwhile purchase .
almost dead batteries as received . either old stock or junk batteries as head not too tight and making electrical contact with batteries when light was unpacked .
these glove's work great if you need your fingers while working and wrenching or using an impact gun they work .
bought this for my husband and one for each of our children . they enjoy having the light and it's perfect looking out a distance at night .
the alarm was small and fit easily into my purse . it works well and i had no issues with it . i am happy and would buy again .
i have a cupboard that is hard to see in and this was the ticket . i'm thinking of purchasing a few more for the other cupboards .
they may not be made in the us , but they are still well made and are a fantastic set for the price .
this screwdriving set is ideal . it contains all of the necessary pieces and is made from a very durable metal . you can't go wrong .
the disks work quite well on carpeting and tile . if your appliance has wheels these are not as valuable , but can still be of benefit on carpeting .
feels so good in the hand , pressure adjusts with the trigger squeeze , super user friendly.jusy could not ask for a better blow off tool ! ! !
wears well ... this is a better glove then the dewalts ... superiuor fit ... lower gauntlet though ... knucklebuster padding which most gloves do not have , , ,
you can wear these all day . they are light , fit snugly , and are good protection .
there's really not very much one can say about something as simple as this . it does what it's supposed to do .
perfect size tool for hobby work , it is much more convenient to use than full size tools . relatively easy set up .
these needle nose pliers were a disappointment . they are not the quality i had envisioned , and i am disappointed with the product .
better products available for less money . arrived with the stones broken . it has worn to nothing after 1 use . avoid
i installed this on a new 2.5 ton goodman heat pump . clear instructions , color coded , easy to install , works great !
i purchased this to replace the bemis seat on my 1994 kohler low-flush toilet . it fits perfectly and is an exact match to what i had before .
this is a good blade , cut many a sticks in many a remodel job with the one blade on my kobalt cordless so far .
put these into my heavy armchair and work wonders . i no longer need to put little rugs underneath the chair and having to keep rearranging them . yippeee !
came in a long package . cut to fit with some snips . was a perfect fit replacment and sealed door much better than mu old compression weatherstipping .
not that bright but good enough for most things . i keep this in my pocket and sometimes it twists on killing the batts .
this was just what i wanted and it is light to ware and enjoy love it all should have one
these are very cool . have only use them legitimately once to remove a stuck screw and it worked wonderfully . would definitely buy to enhance your tool collection .
works as advertised , and you can adjust the number of leds , for brightness and illumination control . works great for me .
this product is by far one of the best wire wheels i have ever used . the price and quality are definitly of the best of best .
these are very well made switches . the two halves are connected with screws and the wire terminals have screws as well .
this is a simple , basic , small , wireless doorbell that is loud and works . had this for 6 months in our office and no problems .
i love this little light ! bright as all get out , and i love the weight that it has to it . fantastic and highly recommend ! ! !
good product and great price . haven't used much but i'm sure it'll be fine . looks to be made with decent quality
pretty basic hammer . nice hand and weight . works well and my husband actually gets things done around the house . happy wife , happy husband .
ge has always been tops on my list . consistent good product . good packaging . i always buy this brand or possibly one other .
definitely worth it as is the kreg jig pocket drilling system . even the most basic system will accomplish more than you'd think .
very inexpensive way to keep the house clean . i wore it whenever there was a possibility of bringing dirt into the house .
these did what they were supposed to , but they're no vise-grips . go spend the extra money , and get quality tools the first time around .
used these this past winter and was pretty satisfied . well made and felt very safe to load and adjust logs - even hot ones . would definitely recommend .
it's one of those tools that when you need one , nothing else will do ... and it does the job really well .
if you follow the instructions then this product is definitely worth it . i will keep this in mind when i have various projects .
i am a big guy who normally wears xxl t-shirts . this xxl vest will zip up but i won't get even a light jacket under it .
dont ' by the dim'wit ( dewalt ) ... this tool is just fun for smacking with a hammer . it really makes corners a dream cut .
better than the original more secure connection / . also like the led light to show when charging and when charge is complete
if you have a little time and patience for assembly this inexpensive base is a great deal . i have several htc bases and they all wok just fine .
i ordered these because they were a good buy and no problem fitting them into my current lamps which has been problem with some of this type bulbs .
the fit was good and easy to set up . used it in cold weather so i had a lot of condensation . worked well
i needed a heavy duty cord with one terminal receptacle at the end . this fit the bill perfectly . nothing more to be said .
i love this remote because it was so compact i could store it out of site in my car . programming was very easy and only took about 3 min
these switches worked well and add a nice décor to our renovation . recommend this item as a good value and good quality .
these came with a plastic holder but no box to pu them in . oh well , they'll get the job done . descent buy
this battery follows the same quality of all milwaukee tools . you can't go wrong with any of milwaukee products .
i have three guns , from three different manufactures and these work well in all of them . the three sizes make this pack handy for almost any situation .
i put this in my shed in case someone wanted to steal my snow blower again , so far it works well and nobody has set it off .
i don't think you can find a better timer . it saves me energy and prevents humidity build up . i love how reliable this is .
cheap , effective , unatrusive and meets local requirements in md . unpleasant annoying sound . just what you need to catch your attention .
great product ... it was easy to install ... i purchased this product to replace a defective wall control panel . it was a perfect replacement.thank you amazon ...
made many cuts with them and they are great . stay sharp and last a long time with proper use . a good purchase .
easy to use , fast and convenient , does the job if you watch your movement and position.does need harder stones
anybody doing this should spend the extra little bit it cost to take the aggravation out of the job of dill in just the right spot .
got this to move / install a bunch of new outlets , and to make sure i did it all the correct way .
i own three of them all from different distributors and all three have defective tailcap switches ! it does not live up to the streamlight name .
this is the factory blade that the 10 " saw comes with . it is a very good all around blade and stays sharp for a long time .
the product was shipped and received as promised . somewhat dissapointed , not as bright as expected . small enough to keep in the pocket for close work .
i like this unit in tight spaces , it was easy to use and had several advantages over the larger units i use .
use this item to control a out door pump . i've had no problems . good value , built well . 000  0000 00 00000 000
great little light . it works so good . ordered two of these , one for a christmas gift . what else can i say .
this is what i was looking for . it lights up the intended area very well . i needed something that was battery operated and this does the trick .
not as bright as i would have hoped for .. its ok .. but not greatseems to eat batteries for brightness kinda fast
this took care of my problem . everything i needed was in the package and the directions were easy to follow .
works well . very happy with it . does what i need doing . tool storage case ok , wish metal vs . plastic . ok
this light is bright .. i found every pet stain on my carpet .. unfortunately .. now if i could just stop my dog from peeing on my carpets ..
not a bad little cord wrap . seems a bit clumsy but it certainly works well enough for what it is . i might try another wrap next time .
these diagonals are super tough ; when you need to bite through some heavy gauge wire or light dc wires , grab for these .
... but i got the wrong color sent to me . i ordered the dark green and instead i got the bright green .
i like it very much i used it every day in my type of work specially in carpentry working with woods
this higher capacity battery works great in my bosch screw drivers . lots of power and long lasting . amazing for such a small size .
drill is good value . keyless chuck , back up battery , very responsive clutch , not too heavy . hammer , drill , driver . good build quality .
this item has very good quality in this price , i just follow the five star and order , now i glad i have this one !
mines start rusting couple of months later , but other than that they work as expected , so they are good cheap solution for you .
i like the size of this tool for my particular application , but it is starting to rust after only 6 weeks .
awesome ! i have many of these and like the little ones too for edge gluing the fine edges on some of my work .
not a whole lot to say , but this is a well made , heavy duty item . has worked great for me .
unique product and inexpensive . the light beam is very directional , like a small flood light , and not as pictured . yes , i would buy again .
this sharpening system works to give your knife an awesomely sharp edge very quickly without removing excess metal from the blade .  ... hobbiehubbcapp .
this product was functional , although not as effective as some i have used before . the expansion percentage as well as the available volume is less than great stuff
most the time you buy a sander and they do not collect the dust but this one is great at collecting dust . dewalt is an awesome brand .
so far i am very happy with this product but will have to wait a few years to see how it holds up .
price / performance curve is well met with these bits . i use them regularly with / without the extension . they do the job daily .
this is the only series of items that i have seen which have nothing but five stars , and i now know why - stabila makes an excellent product !
there is to much going on with the tapeso many numbers it gets confusing and takes more time yep
i purchased one of these registers to try it out . i have pets and they curl up near the register and knock off the plastic covers .
works as expected to connect led strips together . needed these for a project i'm working on not much else to say . price was right .
nails are well formed work well and dont jam gun if you need 2 ' 18 ga brad nails buy these nuff said
strongly recommended ... machete keeps an edge and the smaller knife is a nice gift for the nephew or whoever . it's a good buy .
exactly as pictured . i wouldnt hesitate to recomend it or buy more when needed .
this drill works fine woodworking , no heavy duty ... but i love the led lighting is very supportive ... i recommend this unit
a very decent set of drill bits , great bosch value and quality.should last a long time if not abused .
no problems so far with this cord we will see how it holds up under heavy use in the construction trade .
these seem to be really strong drill bits and the edges are sharp . they drill through most material like butter !
i use these instead of much more expensive and short lived lithium batteries , these came partially charged , and are now working fine .
these are great . we have three of them in our house now . perfect for charging usb devices and regular devices - including simultaneously .
i always purchase these pliers when i need to replace my old ones . they are comfortable and durable . the most expensive for a reason !
solidly built and very smooth functioning locks . love that i can carry one key and open all 4 locks . very solid .
it has a nice ambient glow that i like a lot and a slider brightness adjustment on the power line that is really useful .
these are a great addition if you have an impact driver , i can now easily drive any of my socket sets with my trusty makita impact driver .
small and compact and works well . not as bright as some but as bright as advertised so overall a good deal . fits well in a side pocket ..
i purchased this towel ring for each of the bathrooms in my home . very sturdy , great quality , and easy to install . no complaints whatsoever .
i purchased this blade to cut metal roofing , unbelievably smooth and easy cuts . i tried several methods for cutting the roofing but this blade beats them all .
heats up to working temp quickly . easy to hold and manipulate . nice size , not too big , not too small . comes with some useful accessories /
works great for small jobs or where you need accurate holes , you control speed of drill which is very helpful.small hand drill
it worked for 1 day.the light stayed on and doesn't turn off.threw out the box , and now i cannot get a refund .
i hate these batteries because they go out every three months and had to keep spending more money on batteries that would keep failiing
i keep these in my f - 150 to have handy . they work great , are extra heavy duty and very easy to use .
a great price for a good 12/3 extension cord . i use this with my edger , shrub trimmer , leaf blower and anything else out in the yard .
it's great to use to store small things in your garage like tools , tape and what not . not the best quality , it tips over really easily .
it is strong , reliable and a good price . i wouldn't buy another imitation product .
these screwdrivers are one of my favorites . they are very easy to grip and are comfortable . the machining on these screwdrivers are exceptional .
nice light . fairly bright . caution do not use with lithium battery . burnt mine out trying to squeeze more lumins
once you use a pair of really good earmuffs , you'll never go back to foam earplugs again . these are comfortable and very effective at deadening excessive noise .
this wheel is really a good tool for precision cutting . you won't go wrong with this product .. trust me . 0
we remodeled our bathrooms and used these in both . they look beautiful up on the wall and are very elegant . good quality too .
it simply worked as needed . easy installation and it did not require any additional hardware . leviton is a good brand .
this works great , has a very slim / thin profile and really hugs the wall . the casing and cord appear very well insulated .
repaired the lamp with the new sensor in about 15 minutes . very easy job.appears to be exact same repair part as the original .
i bought two of them . one for my house , and one for the car . i have used these before . good to have . sw
this magnifier works fine . easily adjustable and the led lights are positioned just right . great for hands free operation . i like it .
excellent , thin , and very fast cutting . cuts hardwood like it is butter ; great with my new makita 610 .
using them to gather up power cords for travel . work great , perhaps the only improvement is the ability to write something on them .
i have used this wrench a few times since i purchased it and it has worked flawlessly . i do wish it would have come with a case though .
this isnt good for anything but the smallest of clogs . it like a 50 foot long wet noodle . save your money and go with something else .
not so great , had some problem with it during a task , it took quite a while to get it to work
added 2 my inventory stock - always doing various projects--hardly ever 2 of the same--do a lot of repairs for others
fantastic . i wish it was a slightly warmer white light ( its extremely cold ) , but its plenty bright , and definitely stretches the batteries .
nothing special , just good solid rulers for many intricate measurements in tight areas or within slots without paying for highly graduated models that may not be necessary .
these screwdrivers have a nice weight and feel to them . i like the pink so i can quickly check if my husband is using them .
very nice compared to the cheap brands , i still say save your money and buy a flir e4 or e5 .
typical knife old design - - ok and equal to others like it . bought alternatives at same timefor about same price which are much better
it is a nice tool for installing crown molding ... not too good for exterior work . nice quality
sent the item back ... the laser line was fuzzy / out of focus ... not good for me ...
works great and has three settings . other than that it is just a remote dimmer , sort of a clapper with a pad that you tap . a tapper
these are handy to have around , i have not used them for a project yet but they are in my toolbox .
they're light bulbs , available with prime ... they were cheap and they work . i'll be back for more when i need them .
my garage door had the original steel rollers which were very loud . i easily replaced them with these rollers and it is super quiet now .
these work perfect and we use them at the bar , the bedroom and the master bath . these make a great addition to our z-wave network .
i was really surprised at the quality and brightness of this flashlight especially with price point , it is small enough to fit in a laptop or tool bag .
i expected more light from them so i bought two 150 as well . i think together i will have enough light . with very little heat
great item a good thing to have in any wood working environment ! ! ! helps to clean off sand paper as expected .
it leaves the middle of your knuckles unprotected . the original carbon fiber knuckles worked great . if it's not broke , don't fix it mechanix
this battery tester is easy to operate and many types of batteries can be tested . i highly recommend this battery tester .
this is perfect accessory to no spill gas containers . bends fine to use in my motorcycles . good quality and would recommend .
work well and provide alternative extensions for a very low price for occasional usage without spending a fortune . good quality .
works great , small , keeps my kids from opening doors because they're afraid of the sound ( even though they're off most of the time ) highly recommended .
i use this after every second visit to the gas station , and my chain stays well lubricated and clean . highly recommended .
bought this for our rv . very easy to install , works great , saves on water . i recommend it for home or rv .
i had to return this product because it would not fit over my cap & ears . the headband was too short ...
what can i say ? it fits the solder gun , it gets hot when you pull the trigger . good service , good price , good product .
i was worried about this thinking what could i possibly get for this low a price . well , i got a very well made sillcock .
simple to install and works great . a bit tough to push pins in ... i pushed it against a wall to get them to set .
i had difficulty trying to see the laser beam of my laser level in bright sunlight glasses did help some but work much better inside .
good to go even if a little top heavy at times . good price and well made . arrived assembled and in good order
mounted this on a railing overlooking a stairs.for it's size it really throws alot of light.the multiple mounting options are nice.really like the idea of solar powered .
four batteries that work good . i haven't tried to compare them but the two that i'm using work great , and the price was good at four for 9.99
this did not work from day one . a waste of money . the return policy make syou eat the cost .
. . . but they are cheap and great for one-shot jobs ! i have a large variety of this sort of tool just awaiting a job to come up .
these bits are super ! stop wasting your money on the cheap stuff ; get the best !
very handy well built product at a very fair price . i liked it so much i bought my son one
blow air what else can i said usefull not the number 1 but good enough buy it if you need it
used it once so far .. feels great in the hand .. will probably last a lifetime ... not much more to say ..
dries pretty quickly so you can get your work done fast . easy to sand and mold to the contours of your work .
i purchased these for my fluke 88 meter . quality build , no problems . would stay away from cheaper alternatives . these are reliable and won't blow prematurely .
bought the metric set so also purchased the sae sizes as well . very good set and excellent container to keep the o rings separated .
this ignitor torch head sure beats a match or having to use a welding striker . works well and i am pleased with it so far .
not a lot of description needed here , they are brand new and in the original retail package . great deal for me .
got this with a blade kit for my husband . he is once again in love with another tool.anything rockwell i have gotten him he cannot wait to use .
great price and a rugged product built to take a beating on the job . i don't baby these things and they just keep on going .
the product won't stay on the door or folds underneath the door . bad product . i would not recommend it at all .
not made in the usa .. i wouldn't dare use this at work and i was burned by klein the usa tool company . ha !
lightweight replacing old battery look ... seem to get a better grip to remove batter from cordless tools ... smaller is better sometimes
this adjustable wrench is very handy . got this and a 10 inch one to have pretty much the wrench i need . lets hope now it does good .
bought this incase i ever run out of electricity . luckily i haven't had to use it . never know when i am going to need it .
not robust enough for plasma cutting . burned right through on the slag . i returned it no problem . some more words for review .
i have never seen a light that out performs this one . it's about as bright as a carbon arc . it's great !
not bad ! the files are good for filing metals , and for other handy work etc - reliable good tools ta
i use this to check uv on id cards and it works perfect . light is super bright and made very durable
this is so great , very flexible and extremely tough , i bought a second one and one for a friend , a great flexible extension
didnt expect much from the light but was very happy when i pointed it outside into the darkness and could see a clear line of light cutting through the darkness
this tool rocks , lots of power to drive the 2 1/2 pins and light enough to use all day ! butt ugly colour though ! ! ! lol !
this is the only add on for the kreg router table system that i don't mind paying for its a dandy .
this remote allows me to operate from anywhere in the house to start my security system . i will be purchasing another one .
light is very stylish looking but the amount of light it emits was not quite as much as i was hoping to get .
i needed to get the reflection aspect on some things along a driveway . worked like a charm , hope it lasts
i have purchased these lights before and they provide more light than those with 5 led lights and take up less space .
this little device is pretty great . it never fails to find a stud and it does not require any batteries.buy it because you can't go wrong .
this item is just indispensable with your leatherman . the extra bits save you from carrying around with a bulky toolbox the whole day long .
really makes the light bulbs stick out . not very useful for any of the e12 sockets i had .
built some record cabinets and connected two 16 ' strings . worked like a charmed . plenty bright and easy to install . perfect .
i bought this belt inconjuction with the electrical tool belt that i bought and its a little stiffer then normal belt but with regualar usage .
it's a really strong magnet , so that's fun . i think the electric ones work better , but if you want something simple this is it .
i work on ac all the time on my old cars . it is nice to have an assortment on hand so you can replace o-rings as you needed .
it is awesome for something a little extra . however , it is very dim when you consider the light of normal light bulbs .
better than i expected can see 600 to 800 feet great for price thay want me to write six more words
the range is not good . even in the same room , will not control unless moved closer to receiver . it is also sometimes erratic .
the beam is more in one direction than a traditional incandescent bulb . we ended up using in a can fixture . bright and good color .
it's freakin wire , kinda silly to write a review . i use it to hang stuff to paint and it does a good enough job for me .
love this product . it does exactly what it claims to do . you don't find that too often in today's products
the bulb i had was a similar lumens but was quite a bit dimmer due to yellowish color . i love this color is closer to blue .
does not wick solder . other brands will do much better and are worth extra cost . check around and read reviews
a very nice , bright , and vibrant light . it will work nicely for holiday lighting and photography . i'll have to get a couple more !
the usual dewalt quality . would be 5 stars , but fit my big head rather tightly . would recommend to others in need of eye protection .
these sliders are staying put on the bottom of chair legs and they allow the chairs to slide over carpet . what more could you ask ?
made by gerber so you know it's quality all around . this is a deal if you can get it for $ 10 like i did .
better than average starter set that includes more than you will need to get started turning . arrived faster than i was expecting .
the thing is huge , and works well . very sturdy and a good product . a bit expensive but if its what you need you will be satisfied .
these may or may not be better than other brands but i trust dewalt tools to work with dewalt products . have been very useful and durable so far .
this one maybe more that all the multi-tools is the easiest to carry and i find that i use more often than not . get two or three .
i had previously ordered a four piece set of freud bits which i gave a five star rating . i am just as pleased with this set .
use on my rv slide out rack / gearing hardware for periodic lubrication . drys clear and no sticky residue - recommended .
they don't last very long at all , they get dull cutting wood and are worthless if you hit one nail even though they are a bimetal blade .
it's a piece of plastic . how can you review a piece of plastic . it does what it is suppose to do .
very bright for a night light . perfect . 13 more words needed , nine more to go , only five now ... two , and one ! ,
this is the one i like to use it on some not so heavy duty job . to replace my air ratchet , a little more connivance .
this is a nice heavy breaker bar . i use it loosen lugs on tires in my garage . good leverage and makes the job much easier .
this nailer works great and it ’ s very nice to not have to drag the compressor and hoses for a small job , especially in an upstairs room .
as advertised , love it . if you're in the market for a new and compact light i would recommend it , it replaced my lost stream light .
these have just the right brightness to replace the standard incandescent bulb in a child's bedside night light . run cool .
does the job . never heard of this brand before and bought this one to replace another tape measure that was missing in action .
excellent saw blade at a fantastic price . amazingly smooth cuts both ripping and cross-cut . can't say enough good about it .
this really is the easiest to use and best stud finder i have ever used . i've had the digital zircon for years , but this blows it away .
this is a good chuck . saves time looking for wrench.if you do a lot of changing , i would recommend you get this chuck .
at 60 watts this is a great iron . i currently have a 40 watt and what a difference 10 watts makes .
these locks are neat but can easily be opened if you are patient and pull on the top while spinning the wheels one at a time .
another weak idea from a former-great company . the clip sucks . get ready to constantly check if the tool is still attached to you .
works pretty well , even under cold and damp conditions . really good value for the amount of glue sticks you get .
great little can to hide small valuables . looks identical to the shaving cream can i have in my cabinet . very well built .
you need this tool if you plan on working on shower plumbing . this is a specific tool so make sure you know what it's used for .
there beat the adhesive felt pads . easy to install , just which there was an option that had a higher quantity .
be put around consumable parts.strong and big enough pockets.has purchased and used in the future is expected.thank you .
simply the best hand-held router i've ever owned . protected controls won't fill up with dust . excellent power and speed . simply the best
no gripes . seems like quality construction for the price . i have been using it outside for a couple of weeks in the snow with no issues .
great small edc light . clips well in pocket and very bright . use a quality lithium battery and you're golden . thank you !
this kit has it all if you are working on something that has security fasteners . nice kit at a decent price .
thrilled to get a quality cord like this without driving to a big box store . this is a great cord . the flat plug makes it outstanding .
this is my first set of forstner bits and they work great . i wish i had known about them earlier for my simple diy projects .
perfect for the woman with small hands , such as myself . it does the job for me and the extra bits are great .
excellent product for indooor use . cuts on electric bill for turning on lights when passing thru . excellent motion detection and strong spot light
real sharp and nicely ground . just what i expected from freud.freud make a pretty nice product for the price ..
battery's didn't last i don't use the unit anymore one was ok the other didn't hold a charge my money was good
good set of drivers though i wish it had more of the square drivers with the kit . otherwise they are tough and durable and the case is too .
a terrific collection of drive bits - including security screws . i use it every day - and haven't found a screw i can't drive yet !
this is another great dewalt product . they have really stepped up their tools reliability and functionality . easy to change blades , easy to use and sturdy .
i have used these diamond wheels to cut , etch boards . i haven't had any problems or broke one yet . no problems or complaints .
the screws are great for construction . use them all the time now . way more secure than trying to toenail in a 2x4 .
most of the holsters are big and this one is perfect for my smaller drill . if you have a big drill , looks elsewhere .
i like this miter stand . it is a very sturdy ( worth the money ) and easy to fold if need be .
i'm very pleased that these stick well and make my furniture slide easily and quietly on my hardwood floors . worth buying .
got this a replacement for my glass shower door - simple installation - great fit . would have liked the angled shield to be a little longer
so far it is what i expected . quiet and effective with the lite work i am doing at this time . light weight makes it versatile
wonderful price ! much cheaper than in the stores . arrived fast and well packaged and works perfectly . this is a wonderful bulb for daylight lamps .
this little sharpener was ok but there are better ones out there but for my hunting bag it works just fine .
sprays on thick and bright . didn't even need to go over it twice ( i did anyways because i am ocd ) .
can't rate it fairly just yet . i ordered this type by mistake but decided to keep it for future projects . will update at a later date .
i bought to of these . much better then the cruddy mansfield that they replaced . i highly recommend the soft close lid .
would be better if it was also a charger otherwise it works well 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
this is a great little flash light , very bright with the look and feel of quality .
no leak , easy handle and comfortable . it directs air flow good especially for cleaning out debris from small crevices and other tight spaces
was my first hunter fan . all hardware is included and i had an electrician pal of mine install it . fabulous deal .
when light needs to point down ( but not sideways as much ) from the ceiling , this is your bulb ( ex . shower use ) .
i own many different types of racket and cam straps and these are the highest quality . good product and value .
i use it on my hitachi battery powered trim saw and it works pretty well . the only question will be how long it lasts .
third review of third router bit that were all gifts to my brother for his shop . he likes this products and says it was a great buy .
these blades cut super smooth . the only downside is that they create a lot of fine dust but that is expected .
these are not black ... they work , but i didnt like the brown color . bought thru my cell phone thinking they were black
solidly made , the magnets work fine , although it would be nice if they ( the magnets ) were a little bit stronger ... but they suffice .
very portable , worth the price , bought for use on a mobile tool box and it fits the need . good optics , good light
i have never been disappointed with any milwaukee tool . the quality surpasses all . what can i say almost 40 years experience i really love milwaukee tools .
this little gauge settles any question of what angle , or bevel , is on a tool.use it to verify tool bevels after sharpening operations .
best wood glue on the market in my opinion . have made several cabinet doors and table tops without a single failure from the glue line
nice even light in all directions . low drain and long lasting . i'm using it on an rv for the entry light .
irwin tools have grips that really fit in my hands . needle nose are machined so that both sides are exactly the same shape .
this is a very well made tomahawk . the balance is nice , and it's lightweight . for the money it's hard to go wrong here .
my whole order came in , looks great ... i hope that i don't have to use them ... expiration date is great ...
i wore this vest while biking and did not get hit by a car . clearly this vest works as intended .
got this for my room . one sheet is enough to decorate 2 walls and my closet . butterflies have very vibrant colors and sticks well to wall .
used it during a kitchen re-grout , and it served its purpose well . its durable and cuts through grout like a champ .
this is a great switch for the disposal and i'd purchase it again if i had it to do over .
placed both lights on my backyard patio fence . lights lasts 7 to 8 hours with several hours of sunlight during the day .
nicely made easy to use . because of the spring loaded point it does not drift your center point in the work piece .
nice punch set . probably the best for any price i can find . pro handle grip well . con : not made out of gold
the handle fell off after a few weeks of light usage . for this price , it should be a much tougher product .
very cheaply made . the rubber came off right away . one of the ratchets broke the second time i cinched it down . get some quality straps
these get as hot as halogen and aren't any brighter . i purchased them because they are supposed to be cooler . they are not .
i've had almost all dewalt work lights , by far this is the best yet , have not tried milwaukee's new line.electrical panels work perfect.must have
good product , recommend , built very well and rugged . would recommend this product for what it does , thanks , ron in florida with a jeep .
surprisingly heavy-duty and well built . sharp tip . would have been nice had they included a spare lamp , though . cord is rather thick .
tape extension , before bending is worse than i expected . there is no marking on the unit to tell you it's length ( 3.5 " ) .
this is much smaller then i expected but i gues it will be used around the house , price is not bad at all . i like it
it works half of the time , didn't come with any instructions , the water flow needs to be big to make it work
i have used these tools many times by now . there was no problems with these . great tools .
this is in use in my two living room lamps . it does not get hot and provides more than enough light .
for real , and it works as advertised . it installed easy . no more broken bulbs for me . i'm buying two more .
this clamp works great ! no adjusting every time you put something that is a little thicker or thinner . i like it ! ! !
it's a big box of kreg screws , and they work as kreg screws should work . ' nough said . three more words .
i needed this tool for tracing out electrical circuits . it is a big time saver when labelling a breaker box !
makes a screaming whistling sound . gets all the dust when i cut . does and does not integrate with other rotozip dust collection parts .
good little rechargeables for my led flashlights.the question is how long will they last ? so far so good . i will edit this if they fail too soon
a very good price , and works as expected . i would recommend to anyone wanting a lantern light for emergency uses .
these are practical ties , i bought the this item instead if the single-sized ones because it has a variety of sizes .
this product has been a great product great price with great service to get them to us usually the next day .
stanley 60-060 6 - piece standard fluted screwdriver setworth the $ 3 ... poor quality metal will not stand up and last long . the wall mount is useless .
great value for the money . very well constructed . i have two that are used in an industrial environment and have never had an issue . works great .
great compact & portable shop vac . easy to carry aroound and has good suction as well . i would highly recommend .
got the job done and cut near perfect 45 degree angles . i'm sure the rest are great as well . the saw is good quality
they are smaller than i expected , but very bright . they will come in handy in a power outage or if you camp .
it's a freud productthey make a good solid quality product.it is not my first and it won't be my last .
wow , very powerful , relatively light and good balance . i use it more than my bosch sds plus , because it's handier ,
i like this template set better than the old style . much more easy to use , and appears to be more accurate
i purcahsed this for my husbby's workman leatherman knife.it was hard to find the recommended sheath but this fits well .
its like have a second helper that doesn't need lunch breaks . can't recommend these enough . brilliant design . would buy again if needed .
i haven't tried these yet . be warned that there are no instructions . guess i'll have to wing it when the time comes for me to use it .
it does what is says on the box . found studs without any trouble , also did let me know of live cables proximity , excellent product .
i like this screwdriver , its the best engineered screwdriver i own , alot of usefull functionsm i recommend thid screwdriver to freind
i bought two sets and both broke after i used them a less than a dozen times . great idea just built very poorly .
i really like this 3 way light . its plenty bright for me , and a lot more efficient than a incandescent 3 - way bulb !
high quality . craftsman-like quality . i ordered the metrics and liked them so much i ordered the sae , too . i would buy these again .
i use these at the range and when hunting to adjust my laser sights on my rifles and handguns . excellent quality .
yep , it's a battery , lol . great deal on a great battery for a great tool !
i am using it in tight places and it is doing the job it is suppose to do . it works just fine . i bought two of them .
this tool is worth the few extra dollars over the hardware store versions . it's quality and great as a first-attack tool for many repairs .
the plunger moves just slightly enough to throw off you cuts . cannot get accurate cuts . i purchsed the bosh router . what a huge difference !
the replacement part is better designed than the original that it replaces and is worth the cost . the local plumbing supply wanted over twice as much .
the kreg stuff really does the job to help my woodworking projects look professional ... go for it and be very happy .
this did not fit my chicago electric ( harbor freight ) oscillating tool . it probably would have worked well if it did .
this black and decker battery pack replaced one which came originally with my drill / driver and no longer held a charge at all .
this power block is excellent . cord is nice and thick and works so much better than those multi attachments that are laying around the house .
this is my new favorite tool.works so good and in so many different ways . i would definitely recommend this to any one .
crappy case , but nice tools.one minute with a file can mod the case just fine .
i love dewalt . the extra features on this are great . i keep finding more uses for this particular utility knife .
this thing is pretty cool . for people that can't remember numbers all the time this is for you . love the coolness of this thing .
this is a safe and secure storage solution for your important documents . the bag is big and holds an impressive amount of paper .
block is of good quality rubber . seats well on workbench . supports metal bench block well .
i have not received this package yet . it is far overdue . i expect you to tsake some action very soon .
not the best to get but if you don't have money to get better ones then this will do . try to go for a better name bread .
purchase this knife complying work regulation since the knife has blunt tip and a pliers which came in handy when opening boxes with copper staples .
does the job , good heavy plastic . tight fit to the camper line . yellow color makes it harder to lose on the ground or in the yard .
husband was repainting a bbq grill which was several years old . this product was great . no problems and the grill looks brand new .
good value for quality tools , a decent selection at a very reasonable price.works and function fine , clean cut and seems to be durable enough.no real isse .
i found the metal to be a bit soft and not . very durable . it's not bad , but not the best bit i have used .
this thing is a joke . it's so cheap and useless that i returned it . it wouldn't cut glass . should be removed from the market .
the chuck on these drills are junk . i like makita but the chuck and battery make it a bad buy .
solid toothe screw . convenient speed adjustment . holding the blade tends to loosen . unsurpassed tool to make square holes . blades high price
this hose is made out of a thinner plastic than i had expected , but it will serve it's purpose for which it was intended .
all the blades i normally use , in one place . good quality blades , handy carrying case . teeth hold up well under all conditions .
electronics that do not work are frustrating . they don't usually look good , they are made to preform specific functions , yet often fail to do so ...
it is always ready to use . gas level is visible so you know when to refill . i use this more often than the other electricity powered .
doesnt fit right , but thats my problem , works as advertised - need to figure out how to desensitize as it comes on too frequently !
work well for projects that require some protection like sanding and a good price for them .
very solid and comfy toilet seat , fits the whole family's fart boxes well ! very well made and priced right compared to the oem seat .
wow , what a horribly engineered and manufactured product . get the mr05029 everhard roller instead . a waste of time and money .
initially brighter than a 7 w nite light but they dim after a few months.still usable bright but would have liked them to stay as they were when new .
i love have these in my shower and have for many years ... moving to new house so got me a brand new one , love it ...
another quality made tool from porter - cable , everything you need to get started is in this kit . thanks
less expensive than some other brands , seemingly as much capacity as the more expensive ones . they work great in any brand flashlight that requires cr123 batteries .
as advertised , what more can i say ? tracks are well made and good finish . bought this a s an add-on for my router table .
must have for your house or apartment these days . this unit is easy to install and maintain . just replace the battery once a year .
i hooked this timer up to our indoor christmas tree , works great . i let it now do the work of turning it on and off .
excellent product . easy to install and provides a tight seal . gone are the sewer gas smells . be sure that floor flange is above floor line .
butane torch . works very well and large enough i don't lose it on my work bench . self igniting and versatile . i love it .
these work great on cabinet doors to create a soft , quiet sound when closing the doors . they stick well and i haven't had any issues with them .
get the 5 in one . trust me . or you'll use the bits out of this thing within a day .
this driver works great and hold a charge for a long time . also charges quick .
this is a good quality epoxy and it seems to not break down and yellow in the sun as much as the cheapos .
works well and lasts a whole season . if it es a few bucks less it would get 5 stars . i'll be buying more .
we wish it had room to plug three prong plugs into but it holds several plugs at a time.if looking for a nice inexpensive cord this souls do.ul listed .
this saw is one of the better ones i have ever used.building a garage & blade is performing well . i will purchase more in the future .
i bought this for my man friend & he loves it . the light fixture is really nice feature on the tool .
pros - seems to workcons - no warranty that i can see . made in china .
holds a single bill of any denomination basically but it's not that easy to roll the bill small enough to close the capsule .
well what more can i say , these things are awesome ! ! ! i will continuously buy these energy saying light bulbs from now on
installing new dryer venting , and thought i would give these a try based on other feedback . they worked perfect . finally , something easy to use !
good adhesion and good performance . i do think that the price could be better but they work great as it goes .
great tool - why pay 90 + for one when you can get a deal for two ?
you can never have enough of these ! they are what they are , not much to say about them . they work .
i added 1 of these light controllers to my existing gateway . if was up and running in 5 minutes , easy to use and very helpful .
i like the glow but the light only lasted a few hours . i do not recommend for a all night light .
can't go wrong with an original aprilaire pad replacement . no complaints with this product . water flows evenly through the pad .
came on time and in the oem packaging.nice and flexible with 4 quality claps.can ' t go wrong with briggs and stratton stuff .
a genuine tool . very robust and well made . and most important made in the usa . no cheap chinese junk here .
this is a top quality tool bag . lots of storage pockets and very well made . you won't be disappointed if you decide to buy one !
why did i choose it . needed it , ease of order and delivered to my front steps . just doesn't get any better than that .
no leaks works perfectly . i don't think i need to go into the tmi level for usage . it does what it is supposed to do .
love the flat plug--all extension cords should have them . it does just what it's supposed to do , which is provide extra outlets . looks well made .
makita saw and rail guide is as good as the higher priced festool and will do a fine cut ... i have not doubts
way better than the last version . seems like a vary solid unit , getting some very good use out of it .
just a quick note to say what most everyone else is saying here : that this flashlight is fantastic ! small , solid , rugid and bright !
i like the fact that i won't lose keys . locks seem to be of good quality . will buy again . when the need arises .
do not purchase for a 1/2 inch or less bit , as end holding bit is slightly larger than 1/2 inch
very convenient and made of top quality . i need these to be able to use my socket sets which have all three drives .
i like the price , i can not figure out why it is blue light . i still like it
the picture on the packaging says 20 % faster cutting action.this blade is made in portugal.according to previous review , this blade lives up to the hype .
best price i have seen on this for a new guy just learning the milling machine for home shop . durable enough for my needs .
this set compliments the onboard tools in my pickup truck ! good price and it fits both my impact drive and cordless drill ! good deal !
bought with spindles , look complete and easy to use , band saw is a table top and bought these to make jewelry boxes out of natural wood .
good quality ratchet . the price was good , but the shipping was pretty high . fast delivery . overall , the best price i could find .
this is very well constructed and has lots of room in the bottom for larger tools , the hinge is metal as are the clasps .
only used one socket so far , but they seem like quality items . good tight fit and the case really makes it a sweet deal .
rips thru plywood like nothing . great blade for weekend woodworkers . i was cutting 3/4 birch plywood with this blade like it was butter .
these pocket door pulls look and work great . even though they were suppose to be user you could never tell .
this is so beautiful and elegant . the only complaint i have is that it is a little crooked . there is no fixing this either .
good set has about everything ever needed they use tons of the smaller sand disk to make it to the 160 piece but still great for the money .
i have used products from this manufacturer over the last five years . i really like the quality of there products . i will purchase from them as needed .
a logical add on if you decide to get the bit driver set , expands the tool potential of my wave .
perfect size for tool bag . bought 2 . use them all the time . quite good quality .
the multi tool feels very sturdy , but the wire cutters are crap . not a terrible tool for the cost though .
canf find anything wrong with them , the fit , the seal ... everything is comfortable . i just hope they are somewhat scratch resistant ...
great tool . it will do a lot of small task around the office and home . expensive though . i would still recommend it .
lets hope i dont have to review this and say it works . replaced all the builder installed smoke detectors after 5 years as recommended by the mfr .
fenix tk21 468 lumens led flashlight love it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i needed a longer tool bag for my makita worm-drive saw . this worked much better than my other gatemouth tool bag .
handy little level . magents are very powerful . excellent fit and finish . holster is good quality , too .
really sharp . make drudgery almost fun . a tool you are proud to show fellow workers . so great that one looks for chances to use it .
it works . it's a small microscope but wayyyyyy smalll . maybe 1 inch tall . i would not buy it again .
i love these things . let's pull off trim in a finesse sort of way . they stay clean and don't rust .
i was very impressed with the build of this knife and the sharpness of the gerber blades . i would recommend this knife and will purchase more from gerber .
need more instruccions and more clear for installation , because you need to buy more adapters for use if not is good for your needs
too bad . this should not happen but it happens . i dismantle it but so tiny electronic , impossible to see the problem .
this is the perfect sharpener . it does and outstanding job on all of our knives . it still works after all this time .
these tools have made the job easier and comfortable to use . again , the right tool for the job makes the difference
this is a great little sander , i am very happy with this make life easy . buy this sander you will not be disapointed
i finally got to use these at the range and they work great . they actually blocked more noise than the earmuff style that i had been using .
awesome glue for making stained glass mosaics ! dries relatively fast . adheres well . cleans up easily . what else could you want from a glue ?
stanley wrenches are an asset to any tool collection as they have a lifetime warranty and make any job easier to complete
hopefully i will never have to know if it works or not , but feel very comfortable that this is a good product .
shocked how easy and simple this was to use . plugs in quickly and the app is great highly recommended . indeed !
love this stripper , works perfectly and does a great job crimping connectors as well . perfect for large jobs to save manual stripping
does what it is supposed to do , and does it very well . very handy little thing to have around . i like it !
i have only used one of the blades so far but it has cut really well and seems quite tough .
i use to use a compass that i made and it was tough at times . this is perfect , lightweight and holds a standard # 2 pencil .
this is a great tooli usually used for scraping excess glue off of say two raw dried up glued up wood boards .
this is a great light , i bought this at the recomendation of an online gear reviewer and have not been diapointed . if you buy you wont be either
i used these to hang pictures on my walls which are plaster and lath - they work well . i recommend .
high quality ... great six inch flexible high-precision stainless steel pocket ruler . etched very clearly . i have a few of these at my desk at all times .
the compact router dust collection adapter works for the intended purpose as long as the vacumm line is flexible and rotates smoothly .
not to strung but it not made to do heavy duty jobs just small / lite jobs i like mine .
excellent cut right through the small geode and other rock that i had and did not brake . nice for small hand drill products .
this four piece adaptor and reducer set is very useful in allowing me to use multiple size sockets with my air tools
i have several rental homes in nc , needed a smoke / co2 detector to comply with nc rental law . these work great , would buy again !
great price on quality item . this handle really dresses up my frunt door . love the color comes with everything you need .
this tool has come in handy on various projects that i didn't even antisipate at the beginning . like most dremel tools it is great .
very easy to install and works perfectly . i hope it will work longer than the original but i have high hopes .
this is way bigger than i thought . it does have alot of room . the flashlight holster is too big for 2aa maglight but only by slightly .
quite satisfactory for wood up to 1 inch thick . great price and service .
i can't believe i didn't have one of these sooner in my fix-everything life . i've used it so much since my purchase .
it is your basic soldering iron setup . this will tied me over until i am ready to get a soldering iron with more heat controls .
bought this for sisters lamp no complaints from her which is high praise indeed hard to find locally lamp is now returned to its former glory
very sharp , versatile strippers . i use them often , and they are the best i have owned . they are comfortable , and work well .
this item looks so good out of professional looking case . i havent used it yet , but i am sure will be wonderful experience !
not very good product , with little sanding the sandpaper comes apart . i will spend my money on a more high end sanding pad
the two usb ports are only rated for a total of 700ma @ 5vdc . this may slow the charging time on some large tablets .
you can pay a lot more for a 25 ' measure but you're not going to have anythin better than this tape . durable and smooth .
quickly shipped , stainless steel hemostats exactly as described . perfect for any job where you need to clamp a small item
seems to work as advertised . it is supposed to detect smoldering fires as well as smoke . it has a good , loud alarm .
very cool and works well even in freezing cold . lots of light . surprisingly well made and reliable ( so far , after 2 months )
never crimps my cuts . very sharp , no sign of wear after months of use . working good ! nice quality tool ! yep .
i am very happy with these socket organizers . no complaints . if i ever have an issue with this organizer i will let you know .
i had doubt's but i use it every day and i'm please although it does pull my pants down .
bought for cutting formica counter tops and it works especially with splinter guard inserts . great for sink cut outs and corners on formica .
put a rockwell 43 shaper on it , rock solid ! moves around shop with ease.should have gotten this a long time ago .
this allows the rain disc showerhead to be positioned perfectly . i enjoy taking a shower everyday now that i have this combo .
for reasons i don't know , these flashlights would not work consistently ( perhaps bad on / off switch ) - - at this point i consider them junk .
good price and good selection of grommets in this kit.not much more i can add but i need four more words to complete this review .
i havn't tried many other d-rings but this one works just fine . holds well and does exactly what i expected and needed it to do
this is hte best utility knife i have ever had . it isnt perfect , but considering the cost it is great .
well so far we have used this for awhile and it lets our grow light come on and off at the times we put in so it works .
this replaced an older unit i had.works beautifully for storing all of my nuts , bolts , screws , etc.constructed well , will last a long time to come .
perfectly on my 10 year old opener . no muss no fuss setup and performs as advertised the first time every time .
belts withstood the constant rotation against various material at variable speeds , on the finest little hand sander , which sold separately .
i bought one of these and later rerurned it . it was not very accurate and for the money it should be .
i was a little worried about the plastic part but in runs well and and was very easy to install .
jam packed with great tools . highly recommended . makes for a great gift idea . the screwdriver assortment is great . quality built .
blades are zipping right through the nail filled wood boards . blade is still like new but most of paint is gone . will buy again .
very good glasses . snugly fitting to your face so nothing gets around the sides or bottom . smoked out so good in the sun too . light weight .
nice gloves work well needed xlarge for mans hands . i had large last year was to small to use 2 times .
i use these blades on ever project . handy seems like such a small word for these little might cutters .
this is very high quality . i only use it to align my wall pictures . i am happy with it , stanley makes quality affordable .
it seems to chip tiles . i would bet this is better on concrete of brick . not so sure i can recommend this for tile or marble .
turn any plud into a light socket ... extension cords , wall outlets , etc . aaaaaaaaaaaaaa + + + here are my eight more words love it
hit your edge with this belt after the red ones do their magic and you will have a dangerously sharp knife ! ! .. hobbiehubbcapp .
these are great , very fun . they are florescent mint green , bright , but not too bright . they work great and easy to set up .
does what it is made for ... adapter chuck for some electric type screw drivers . is made well and i would recommend .
i used these for a hammock underquilt i was making . they function perfectly , lots of colors and sizes to choose from and it did it's job .
this replaced the same model of fan and it works great . moves alot of air and isn't incredibly noisy and easy to install .
this hose is very flexible and did not kink when i used it a number of times . it is light yet durable . highly recommended .
the item is great and works perfectlyi haven had any problem with it , happy with product and the quality , works just fine
these are excellent saws . i uae them every opportunity i get . small and easy to pack . i would recommend to others .
works pretty good ! arrived on time as scheduled . the sand paper seems to last and last . i highly recommend this product .
another well designed product ( 1 - inch as well ) - - easy to use right from the box to the machine ; no hassel !
really great looking in your back yard walkways . one weak point - the red tips on the poles are very fragile
great price . easy to use and have had no problems with them . smaller the other timers yet heavy duty . use with standard style lamps .
seems to be what they claim , first time ordering this battery , and can't tell you how long they are going to last
i would reccomend this foam sealer to anybody who needs to seal out cold air in thier home , buy now .
there's not too much to be said . it's the size fuse that i needed and i couldn't find it locally .
complete set , save time , will not miss individual tool because all in a box , you will notice if it is not complete when finished .
very satisfied with this bar in will take about anything u can throw at it the nail pullers on it work well all so .
i use it to cover my utility trailer at the farm and in camping trips . it was performed very well through the years .
i haven't used it yet but i sure am impressed with the sturdiness and the comfortable grip . makes a good addition to my small tool bag .
i would reccomend this ladder to anybody who needs aladder to securely and saftly use on all thier projects , buy now .
any bit of crepe rubber will work . this is as good as any and the price is right - so go ahead .
long time usage.very happy to use this battery.good for my dc330 , dc390 and hanmer drill . i strogly recomended for this products .
this was my second order of these nails . work great with our bosch nail gun . nail feed good and do not jam like some we have tried .
nice addition to my dewalt tool belt . makes the job a bit easier not having to wander around looking for stuff you put down somewhere !
these screws work great with the jig and were very well priced compared to other places . i will buy these again when i run out .
i've only used this a few times but it was nice not having to find the little wrench to loosen the bits . so far so good .
this is the best friend of our resident handyman . he made a special belt for it so it goes everywhere he does on the place .
hoes , shovels , rakes , push brooms ... not just for mops and brooms . i've got them loaded , some heads up some heads down .
stack-on spad - 100 wireless rechargeable dehumidifier for stack-on long-gun safe . is a great dehumidifier . great addition for the safe i built .
this works really well . you don't have to worry about a dust pan . i have it hooked up to my powermatic dust collector
for the job i needed done , this clamp was helpful . i think that it will be a good light duty clamp .
already use it several times and the only thing that i can say is that it can handle the jobs . very happy with it .
looks great but i have not had occasion to use these yet . because they are bosch , i am confident they will do what i need .
works like it should . i have it maxed out with wattage and performs like a champ . have not owned it long though , so time will tell .
good for polishing or getting gunk out of small areas . you get 12 pieces so it's well worth the money !
ordered this little router and was very pleased with the quality and performance . absolutely one of the better hand held routers , variable speed is a huge plus !
yay ... it's solder ! small . perfect . does what you expect . good for electronics projects . would recommend to a friend . buy it
just arrived - seems nice but not as heavy duty as my old set . time will tell if it lasts well
better than any other extractor set , don't waste money on anything more expensive . buy these and never look back .
i drag this this constantly and run it over and it still stands up for more . i would have to say that i would recommend this to anyone .
this is exactly what is needed to extend the driver bits in the mt . it fits great in one of the elastic side tubes on the pouch .
use this drill everyday for work and i have never had a better drill . i have used all others but nothing compares to milwaukee .
i have had this for 2 years now and is great . it is a good product for the price . i recommend to a friends .
this is a quality made controller with a very long cord and will withstand a heavy amp draw running a 6 inch inline fan now without any problems .
easy to program with my old garage door opener from the early 90 ' s . i like they keypad opener as well .
perfect . i love the way the plug functions . my old one had moving parts behind the tub wall and a lever . simple is better .
does what an extension cord is supposed to do . no problems with it so far . i needed a short extension cord and this works .
the head got loose after a month . here again big ' a ' . never shows size and should be called a pip squeek lite .
this glue is a lifesaver . it has so many uses and is really a good item to have on hand .
i use it in the kitchen , replacing an incandescent bulbit has a bright light and has a wide coverture , great improvement over the the incandescent bulb
i get these strippers because you can't find them locally . these have a stripper for very small wire size . great tool
this pack of cords have been really great at allowing us to plug up our phone chargers and clock radio at the same outlet . well worth the money .
these work well and light up nice you will not be unhappy with this purchase looks better then the other black ones
great light . easy to install . bright as day in my yard . sealed from the elements.not heavy .
i ended up chucking them - they did act as a barrier to screaming in the middle of the night - possibly because of being prominently displayed .
this bulbs work like a charm , changing colors automatically or just programming according to your taste . love the price too .. excellent product .
its a cheaply made chines product , but it works relatively well . the tweezers suck but that's not what i bought it for , i bought it for knives
if you are looking at it you need one . :) this has pretty much anything you would like with a kreg jig . just get it .
it's a flashlight , what does one say about a product like this . i wanted one and i now have it .
perfect for my black out shades in the bedroom ... solid .. easy to install ... will last forever ... i am happy : )
this is a good compromise between something that is solid and well made , and also small enough to fit into tight places . the ratcheting mechism works smoothly .
a little bit loose on fit . if you are ok with tekton brand , it will be a good addition to you .
great idea but a waste of time and money . only lasted for a few days and the bearings went . spend top dollar and get a good one.dave
this has helped me know which size will use the most with little cost and effort .
replaced a nasty old garage button with this . awesome . it lights up ... this thing is awesome .. if you need one .. buy this one .
this is a good buy home depot wanted $ 40.00 i got it here for $ 20.00 and it dose the same job as the hd one
i bought this to replace a disposable item on the 5 inch sander . it is expected to eventually fail and it did . the replacement works well .
these gloves work great ! they're strong enough that they don't easily tear , but light enough that you can still feel what you're doing !
the rubber is a little stiff < but overall its a nice kit to have around beats running to your local autostore and paying 2 or 3 dollars for one
i don't know how i went so long without this thing , i mean it's so easy and precise ! love it !
i picked up this small vise for smaller jobs that didn't require my larger bolted down vise . so far i am very happy with this little one .
got tired of using cheap bits that don't last ... so far so good ! i'll update it if they break , but so far no problems
i put off getting an electric drill way longer than i should've . i could not be more pleased with my purchase . you get what you pay for !
this seems to be the standard for edc multitool . good price , good product . comes with sheath . suggest getting the accessories .
i nave always bought kiddie products since 1978 . i have them in our cars , garage and our home.they are dependable , durableand have never failed me .
grex pins are about the best of the many brands on the market that i have used.jam free and rarely brake apart .
wish i had this sooner . this product works great . we have it programed for 7 days a week and we have never had any problems with it
i enjoy working with these tools on my hobby of model ship building . they are great for getting into small places to work .
these wrenches are great , planning on getting the bigger set next . perfect for hydraulic lines and fittings in hard to reach spots
this is a superior product , compared to the " typical " cheap made in china led flash lights.excellent quality . worth the money
great when u put in on auto ship and save an extra 15 % well worth it then .. just cancel after it ships if u want ..
bought these to keep bed from moving around on hard wood floors . they install in seconds and keep furniture firmly in place .
this outlet protects nicely . was very easy to install . the light on the front is useful to see if it has tripped
this works literally as described folks ; toughest part was drilling the hole and with the correct bit , that was a breeze .
not sure how to comment on a good socket but it works well with my impact wrench when taking off lug nuts .
nice quality tool.it is very powerfull so can bounce out and leave double mark . i have wanted one for ever and glad i treated myself .
very bright , strong beam . we use them to spot wildlife in the woods off our back deck . car and 110 charger included .
good set of pliers with nice grips . they do what they say and are great stanley quality . would buy them again
this is an excelent set of impact sockets , properly sized and works great at a good price , i would highly recomend
light weight , incredibly sharp , and very strong blade . i use this in my kitchen and i can't seem to kill it .
i bought two of these inserts and have already put one to use . they are well built and appear to be a quality product .
perfect quality.not enough quanity for me but you have too order te grits seperatly if its a big project .
this is a nice looking unit . basic and inexpensive . good for a small bathroom . gives a fair amount of lighting .
great lock , easy install . bought to match the ones on the house so i don't have to carry keys . love it .
an invaluable accessory . the clasp works solidly and isn't fussy to use . i've liked all the mke accessories i've gotten .
really nice switch and it replaced older dial switches in the house . only issue is there is a slow delay for the light when you turn it on .
the spare dewalt 7.2 volt nicd battery makes completing the job easier allowing for continuous power after the original batteries run down on the job site .
thank god for chinese products . let's face it , times are tough . cheap light , quality is just as good , light is nice and bright .
this product works great for the purpose i had intended it to . both the 4 " hose and the 2 1/2 " hoses fit on it perfectly .
after inserting 3 rechargeable batteries . they have to be crammed into the compartment damaging the batteries and making it very hard to get them out .
haven't set this one up yet , but have used others like it and they have preformed very well ... would definitely recommend this type .
will buy more if needed . it works for doors . however , it is a little stiffer after 2-3 years . alternative is more soft material such as ...
there is nothing special about it but it is a very nice light . it serves the purpose of what i needed .
i was using a timer , but found that i need more flexibility . this product is dead easy to use and setup .
worker will love to win this . garage can always use a compressor for work or blowing up kids toys . arrived as shown nicely boxed .
it works very well , sturdy constructionit is what you do with this information is important ! can be very helpful if used correctly
i use this control the lights on my aquarium . i've been using it for about a year with no problem .
very good , sturdy , multi ladder . you can't go wrong with the little giant name . also bought some little giant accessories to go with this .
they fit over my glasses and keep the glare down that causes my night blindness so i'm good with them .
this is a must have to remove bits in and out of your dremel . seems like it will hold up .
came on time good price a litttle hard to move the plugs and it's different from the 1st one i got . ? ? ?
this nailer is a workhorse during my basement remodel . have already used 4000 + nails and it works perfectly every time .
easy to install for a rookie like me . i interconnected with 5 other detectors and was really easy . took 5 to 10 minutes to install .
well made and will last a long time , not some cheap import you have to toss after the first use .
these blades are good for wood like pine or hardwood . not to be use on plywood . for plywood the teeth need to be closer .
this product works like advertised and was quite easy to install . i should have stopped the running toilet with this product long ago .
was a great deal on a nice set . could not find a better a better buy . worth buying if you need a good assortment .
very useful to have , has two locking wheels , they provided one spare plastic gizmo . easy to assemble once you get started .
this set is really a nice set . i would recommend it to any one who uses a drill a lot .
easy install and it works with fairly simple programability but a few more variants each day might save a bit more money .
wow this is tough to get through . it will last but you need vice grips to tighten the light connection .
i have ordered five of these , very happy with them . the only issue is the plug placement which is on the side and a tight fit sometimes .
these are good quality and at a great price . i would recommend them and i would buy again . no complaints .
great tarp . we took it camping and it withstood a muddy rainy trip with many more uses to come . great price , too .
i have used this kit to fix a bunch of cell phones and price is right and tools work great
better then most solder , it is a must to have good quality solder and this fits the bill . would buy again .
great strong item . put a little muscle in it and you'vereally got something . great buy ! better than anythingi've seen elsewhere .
this is really a nice piece for a bathroom but it didn't work for me so i returned it on a good note .
its ok , but vs other small space heaters of the same style i own at my office it has a much louder fan even on low .
i needed a pair of pliers plus i need to round out an order . it fit both those needs for me .
i love the container , though i wish it were not rounded . i don't think i will ever need any more attachments . ever .
dewalt dwa 2509 impact ready rapid load holder . the dwa 2509 impact loader has works very well for me , good quality and value
we used this in recaning some dining room chairs . once dried it left no traces and it held the cane in place just as needed .
what can you say about solder wick . it works and came right away . just as described . sucks up solder quick and easy .
great filter ! ! ! simple to install , no leaks , water tastes great , and the little light lets you know when to change the cartridge
recommend for all work on ladder a safe station working platform for high up area . provides an adjusted type of equiptment .
this item was bought as a gag gift , but turned out so well we have used it for other purposes .
i use this goggle for mowing and weed-eating . it is great ... the best part is stuff doesn't fly in the side like safety glasses .
these do thier job , nothing unusual , recomend them , usually buy the best priced batteries and these were them at this time recomend you buy
just as advertised no surprises . i will be buying from them again in the future i think . thanks for the honest and great service .
good quality , dewalt as usual makes solid stuff and these glasses are no exception . much better then many others at this price .
fit well over my prescription glasses and feel comfortable.great protection for the price . i would recommend for any home workshop .
good sound at a good price , i hook my ipod up to it through the aux jack , it comes with a cord to do that
i like these pins i have used starrett for 20 years they are the best . i like the quality of the work on the grip .
its not very heavy , very good quality , love the feature that has on it , i will higly recommand it to people who like to have one
i like this item . it didn't break me cost wise . the light is a plus with good magnification . again , i like it .
this is a great value for the moneyarrived on timeworks perfectthis is not a toy , but a good size punch , that will do the job around the house
these are perfect for the intended purpose . they fit the standard features of a typical table saw and to the job .
seriously strong tape , and the width is perfect for heavier applications . i've seen thinner strips that may work well for other jobs .
i love my tools . i love my dewalts . and i love my new tool . i use it at home and one the job .
these are good circular leather punches . they are heavy and good quality . i took off 1 star because the case is cheap .
needed it to have a tool kit in my trike . very versatile and compact for that.would recommend to others
mine ended up in the garden shed . i use it with an aggressive blade for pruning tree branches .
this thing is so powerful , those north dakotans would be better off using this than a wood chipper .
ordered as part of a christmas present . great value and the quality is great also . dewalt is a great product and does a great job .
you just can't find this in stores . decent price and just what i need for the bee yard . must buy more before it disappears completely .
i love these small flashlights ( i now have five ) . they are incredibly bright and the zoom function is actually useful !
you get what you pay for . bright . as always with these cree flashlights the little square when focused is annoying . minus one star .
this is a fabulous thing , no more breaking the lil fiber wheels and getting pieces stuck in my cheek . these cut quickly thru anything .
the crown stops work great and are easy to adjust and store . they make cutting crown fast and accurate .
it pounds things like chisels . the handle can use some sand paper to smooth out rather sharp edges . other that that , great .
i have had the product for over 10 years and it was past due for replacement . it has worked very well and gives great peace of mind .
works well for drilling holes using my black and decker cordless screwdriver . easy to use , well made , and well worth the investment .
this is a good item .. i used it a few times and placed it into my suvival bag .. i comes in handy
great taller step ladder for getting to items on taller shelves or dusting fans and light fixtures . no wobbling either !
great sprayer , worth the investment . has great features , easy to clean , good quality . i recommend to anyone needing to spray interior ceilings / walls .
it's confusing how many brackets are in each package . each order comes with two brackets , enough for a single sawhorse . just fyi .
works ok but slow in am to turn off light.works ok but slow in am to turn off light .
this looks cheap until go time . it is strong and actually feels made to last a while . no hesitation to buy again
thankyou i like this tool's used for my car next time i will buy more for this tool's and save more money thankyou .
not as steady or true as a regular drill but in a pinch it's nice to not have to carry the drill with you as well .
nothing wrong with the squeegee , i just needed a shorter one . i ordered a 12 inch one a week later .
i tried these to save some energy and was pleased to find out they were much brighter than cfl's from 5 years ago . cheaper too !
it's titebond what else do you say , this stuff is great ! it says my review isn't long enough ;) it is now
these little things can be great for lighting , but be extremely careful with them . don't put too many lights on them , or they start on fire .
for the price , this little thing can pump out some cfm . it doesn't matter to me much , but it's pretty loud as well .
don't get this in stores - it's a great deal and they packaged it like it was a raw egg . good work !
so far its working well to lock up a motorcycle outside at night . rain and humidity hasnt made it difficult to operate .
have used this tool for my penwork with great results . has improved my finish on myh penswith great results . always keep an extra one on hand .
way better than forcing a drill to install lag screws . makes installation of deck screws much easier with less stripping of the heads .
made in the usa , and it shows in the quality . makes me glad that i lost my old pair and needed a replacement .
its hit or miss with this product . it lights up every other day and does not produce the amount of lumens it claims
this makes stripping wires so much easier ! everytime i strip a wire it comes out perfectly ! no more hassling with different sized strippers !
when i first used this blade i couldn't believe the smooth cut i received with this blade . it was also quieter than the old blade i was using .
really ... it's actually difficult to imagine how strong these small magnets are . i am totally amazed.nicely finished product too .
this is a nice terminal kit . has most of the fitting you will need . i will recommend it to buy .
not much to say . it is sturdy , feels very well built , and gets the job done . i will definitely buy another if the need arises .
tried on the max rated size , a bit hard to use . would probably work better on smaller pipes . you need strong hands to use this thing .
excellent tool with tremendous power to cut through thick wood of all sorts ! ! we are very happy with this saw ... get one ! !
i use these everyday as a diesel mechanic . i do think they are a little bit small but they are holding up great ! ! !
simple to install on the wall easy to use and see what you have inside and the price is right ! maybe i will buy another one
rather than paying much more at home depot , etc . for a soap dispenser ... this one works fine , looks good , and is price right ..
the alarm isnt as loud as i would prefer . wondering if it would wake me from sleep .
solid straight plenty of hold down screws just what you would expect i love incra's products great value buy the long ones and cut
good light for the price it works well and the zoom feature make it very usable in any situation .
well made , long enough , and it's always good to have a tamper resistant set around because you never know when you'll need it .
i got a free meal at my favorite restaurant for ordering and installing this replacement part . worked perfectly and the manager gave me a couple of free meals .
small , easy to use and puts a nice sharp edge on my knives that will slice paper in no time . i would definitely recommend this product .
put it in , charged it up and presto chango my flashlight works longer than the worn out one i've used for years .
these don't tear , are re-usable , black like an assassin's gloves , and overall are an excellent product . i will buy these again .
this bulb is considerably brighter than the incandecent bulbs . i highly recommend for someone who wants to give there old maglite a new life .
bought a spare . . . haven't actually used . from what i hear its good to have one on hand in case you do trip the brake .
this product has preformed well for what it is . it would not serve well for a shop that use but work for the occasional user .
nice simple tools for the simple small jobs , great for the tackle box or glove box . its a leatherman and you get what you pay for .
these are large and long lasting tack cloths , and it's handy to have a dozen individually wrapped in a box .
well everybody know where to look now ... lol .. i've been using it and if you place it at a good place it is really usefull
the metal cap has come loose . this does not affect its functionality . i will glue it back in place with silicon . otherwise it works well .
what a stunning and well built product . if you are looking at this one at worried about the price , well too bad , just buy it !
a good size multi tester . i'd say its worth the money . i would buy another one if needed . thats all .
these rollers are a lifesaver when cutting 16 ' boards . they make a one man job so much easier . highly recommended
if you're going to buy a new drill you might as well get this . it has a wide array of bits for a great price .
bright light and good magnet for my service van to find parts.light is not bulky doesn't take up space in van.very handy at nightime illuminates parts to find .
we have about five of these we use with our shrink wrapping tools to shrink wrap boats . would be lost with out them .
worked okay but suggest using only on variable speed drill press . mine is not and cutter kept falling out when it contacted with the wood .
this wire is $ 15 more at my local home deopt . it is the same quality and works great with low volt light systems .
love the style and the functionality of this faucet . had it installed in our new house and am very pleased .
5 minutes to cure . epoxy strength . wow . we keep finding excuses to use this glue . haven't found any downsides , yet .
so far so good . little stiff when new but seems to be getting better . nice product and works well . would buy again . thanks
i borrowed my friends random orbital sander ... i broke the pad ... replaced with this one and am very pleased with the item . highly recommend !
this one is well made . thick , smooth , tight . won't catch easy on stuff . beats ace , harbor freight . napa . etc . sw
lighter , stronger , and an unbelievable warranty on the batteries . i'm a very happy camper . this is the 2nd one we've purchased .
flows well , and is a good size for repairing vehicle wiring . lots of it on the roll , it will last me for years .
bought this for my grandaughtor who loves it . made well and should last a long time with the led bulbs ...
good choice for purchase ! this suitcase was very useful , also the assortments accessories , all accessories last them a long ! quality dremel is good
i thought this would work well , i had no idea it is outstanding . a pleasure to have such a nice product that is not made in china .
small , light , effective . size make it store easy . not too much strength needed for firing the staple . refills are decently cheap as well .
these have a good fit in the tiny allen screws i'm working with . local hardware stores didn't carry these sizes . i'm glad i found these here .
they work great and are cheaper than local . i change them monthly . we can really tell a difference from previous filters .
this did everything as advertised . i highly recommend it . it is easy to use , light weight and adjusts with flick of a finger .
i use these inline for my horse water tanks in the winter . i think they work very well to keep energy costs down .
little giant ladders are not cheap but are very stable . this ladder is high enough for me to change bulbs on a 9 ' ceiling .
they work just fine . no lose connections or flickering . seems a bit pricey and i hate i can't find them locally .
these were exactly what i needed to cut out the draft around the outlets in my 160 yr old house .
i have been using tools from the makita lxt platform for a few years now in a woodworking shop and imo these are the best tools for this application .
the newer product has a marking to indicate higher charge rate . i believe that it is now an excellent product .
make refinishing the kitchen table a snap . good product . good price and will buy more when i need them again .
doesnt rust in my swimming pool truck like others do . its been 6 months without rust or failure . like it a lot . brian m in baton rouge
why did you choose this rating ? it's okaywhat did you like ? heavy dutywho would you recommend this product to ? all my buddy
this is really heavy duty . i have used it for over two years and still going strong . great all purpose product .
i like these , very bright . i use them with a dusk to dawn adapters i got at wallyworld with no problems .
this item has made a nice addition to my dremel tool for wood carving projects . easier on " older " hands . less fatigue .
i have used these chisels one time and they worked very well . they seem to be very sturdy and should last a long time .
i am using it to turn on / off the tv set to avoid the vampire electricityit is hidden behind the electronic equipment and works without interference
they give you a lot of rosin flux in the core , so you might not need flux from a tube or can . can't ask for better solder .
it matches all the fixtures in our home and bathroom remodel . it's very sturdy and adds a nice touch . love it
dead on accurate . i would have liked laser engraved sizes , but that might have thrown off the perfection i'm experiencing .
these are klein pliers ; what more can i say ? klein quality is unequal ! buy ' em !
the design is well thought out , and the guide fits securely to the router . view of area being routed is easily viewable .
it is what it is and it works , very easy to install and does what it should not really to much to say about it
good accessory for craftsman impact driver priced really cheap.bot sae & metric is a bonus the holder is a little tight at first but it gets more manageable with use
works very well on the saw fence make change the fence board easy and fast . and it has good quality
nice piece , but the handles appear to be flimsy . just turning on and shutting off water and it feels like you have to be delicate .
wonderfull light . will last all day on one battery charge . easy to use in tight spaces where both hands are required for work .
product is great . it was a blessing . with my back problems i can be more independent and able to take care of my own needs .
these are by far my favorite filters ! i am a shopper and the price on amazon was by far better than my retail locations .
real handy when you need a quick piece of wire for bread boarding . very convenient to uses and takes up very little room .
i bought these to mount a harbor freight 12 " double bevel compound sliding miter saw to my stands . couldn't have been easier .
the bits seem to have good quality . as usual i didn't think this purchase through . i probably won't ever use half of these bits .
did my research before buying these . they are exactly as advertised . i didn't have any problems installing them . i don't expect any problems in their performance .
these are just ok not real great . they last for awhile if you don't do much heavy drilling with them .
good little tool . sharp , well finished , well designed , inexpensive ( not cheap ) . should be in my tool box for a long time .
these are strong and very elasticized making them perfect for holding down tarps . nothing could be improved upon that would make them simpler or better .
there isn't much to say here folks . they're staples and they worked well gripping my canvass onto a frame . price wasn't bad either .
i've probably run it for about 5 hours , and it's been really strong . i also have a dewalt , and i can't tell a difference .
helps extend leather man screwdrivers and bits . i find i like it attached for easier use . used to tighten loose screws on manual wheel chair .
used to solder stuff fast . gets really hot really fast . totally worth it . goober foo bar baz word count unlimited content .
i like this small saw . it has a good quality and it is very useful on small jobs . great product .
fits in places other wrenches wish they could go . good quality and feel . nothing but good to say about this product . and i use it almost daily
replaced my old pen lights with these and they are great - i also gave some as gifts to my friends
this item has misfired multiple times . performance has been below par . i would purchase a different model in the future
old house . the existing bell didn't work , so got this . super easy to install . loud enough ; i like the westminster chime .
i've been using this lock for several years . so far , perfect . my only complaint is that the numbers are bit small to see .
this is a well-made , high-end tool for stripping wires . i was impressed how well it worked . klein definitely makes pro tools .
helps keep any " handled " item in place and accomodates fatter handels and slimmer handles - a little " thick " though - could be an inch thinner !
handy to use really holds the material when connecting material together works best with more than two pockets release works good on this one
this is a must have item for anyone who works with electronics . it has multiple settings and works very well .
great to have for any plumbing project or home needs cutting . used for several months , blade is still sharp for clean cuts .
nice multi-purpose led light . if you are looking only for a controlled beam of light , beware that some tray light does escape from the plastic housing .
best money can buy for a usa made product . they are inexpensive but made with quality . i highly recommend these hand tools .
this gives a good light and i think it is just what i needed for all around use . can't have too much light .
i purchased the work station and once assembled with my 8000 and these bits i have an awesome drill press .
have use all three many times have been very useful , they all work and function as are required and seem to hold up well ..
i bought these and replaced the 50 watt bulb with 4 watt led . uses mr16 bulb and does the job
installed these ... were a breeze to install . feel much safer now . these are bump resistant ... a must in todays crazy world .
i really am happy with this product and would recommend it . i like the ability to use the flashlight with more versatility .
better than the bosch brand as it is a bit brighter . brighter than the bosch . brighter than the bosch.word
screws hold great and don't pull out of the word . i use them for most any wood work . thank you .
this screw kit has a good variety so you can tackle most projects . there is sufficient room to store product you need for bigger jobs .
just toss in your tools tough nylon means no screwdriver or other tool will poke through the sides stylish and rugged thanks dewalt
item arrived very quickly . provides a uniform light in a sunlight color temperature . high quality at a very reasonable price
for the price , its awesome . heavy , lifetime guarantee ! cuts amazing and the little backing gives you a perfect cut even for torpedoes .
very nice for pre finished crown molding . exactly what i was looking for . there is no safety foot just a trigger safety and it will run dry .
all the other reviews tell the story . it works great and very versatile for connecting up in any kind of configuration .
once you use this you'll never want to use any other jig saw but this one
we are very happy with this . it is easy to use and works well . prefer it to other sharpeners we've tried .
got these for work on my salt water dock . so far they have not rusted or otherwise corroded . good work .
you can tell these are high quality just by the feel . they are sturdy and ergonomic . i have other tools and these are my favorite .
these tips are heavy duty and last a long time on my weller soldering gun . these tips are well worth the money you pay for them .
buy this because i need it and this clamps works well.it do what it expected to do , well done .
i used these nails with the bostitch n66c - 1 coil siding nailer . the nails worked great . i never experienced any misfires and the nails hold well .
if you're using pocket hole joinery , this is a great way to keep all the hardware at your fingertips .
works as needed to sharpen knives quickly and safely . small and compact but works . i would recommend this item to others
perfect for keeping in my ' on the go ' toolbox . i wanted decent quality at a low price , so this worked out great !
worked great , kept pipes from freezing around my well . several deer were standing around the door way , guess they were cold .
this is a great shower product . it is easily installed . does not leak like many brands on the market . excellent .
it did what i needed to do . be sure to buy some additional good applicator and polishing bonnets as well .
seems to be ok quality , just not very bright . would work good as a night light but don't think you'll be reading by this .
christmas present for son-in-law who also got an impact driver . he says they are great . . . as long as they work for him , life is good .
you cant buy this item for the price they sold it for . scotch is the top of the line brand .
for a cheap little light mount its pretty good and seems to fit a variety of lights . have it on a shotgun right now and works well .
i bought this multiplier for small projects that i'm doing with ardunio . other than that they are more than perfect what i use for . worth the money .
i purchased this set since the ones i had did not work on recessed wood assembly projects . these will solve the problem .
this 32 piece small screwdriver set has every size micro screwdriver you can possibly need . i have used it for fixing eye glasses , small gadgets , etc .
absolute german precision at it's best . you will not find anything better in this catagory . pricey ? you bet , but you won't fing any thing better .
decent couplers . light material and appear to be more durable than the stock couplers that came with my craftsman air compressor .
does what they say it will do . the remote works from a good long distance away . i mounted it on a pole inside a carport .
thankyou i like this honeywell used for my house and the sound to good next time i will buy more for this honeywell and save more money thankyou .
these work so well they have been great for my flowerbeds and they work well you will be sorry if you don't jump on this one .
use it for a toilet change , got the water out on 2 different toilets works great . i will be using it in my garage soon
this is a useful item to have for work and play . great for testing heat levels on kitchen pans or just pointing at a wall to find hot spots
has the waterpik quality . easy to install . works well . does not leak . has a variety of spray options meeting any need .
this goodyear air hose is very well made of quality parts , and very rugged . hopefully it will last for years and years .
these pliers exceeded my expectations and i bought the set of two , 8 " and 10 " , and i use them quite regularly . thanks , mike
the instructions show one thing , the screens mentioned do not existcannot be programmed by mere humansavoid at all costs
really well made tape measure . makes it easy to measure greater lengths without the tape bending . nice and easy to use locking mechanism .
these work almost as well as the fein but for the price , they are well worth it . save yourself some money & buy these !
this product is useful and good build quality . i recommend for home . easy to install . and i will help save electricity .
now this was a deal . just needed 1 battery . found this got 2 battery's charger and light . the light alone was worth the ten bucks .
does what it is to do charges the batteries right to where you want them to be takes some time left on for 12 hours and all is great
all dewalt products perform really well and this is no exception . i works fantastic with the 6 1/2 inch cordless circular saw with 5/8 ' hole
dewalt is one of the best products on the market . i have several but this is really good and for everyday . highly recommend .
my rating is related with the use and accuracy i will experiment . i am a wood working begginner and will enjoy this job
works as good as the hinge template . but the plastic pins break very easy . the striker will seat better using this template .
everyone should have a set ot these nut drivers in there tool set they work very well in your drill when taking something apart quickly
this tool is used for special jobs i run into . it has saved me many headaches already . i highly recommend it . a quality tool .
a great little remote garage door remote opener . very convenient size , works great , attached to a key chain makes it very handy .
would recommend to others . very sturdy and well made . fit perfectly on r134 cans and on the 30 pound tank i ordered .
this one is one of the greats multitools i ever see . have all in one and is grae quality . and very compact to cary backpacking hicking or camping
i simply love this soldering station . dead simple to use , works like a champ .
it works perfectly for those little honey dews that just require putting up a picture or doing things in a very tight space
exactly as described . easily assembled within five minutes and very functional . seems to be fairly good quality and it works very well . definitely recommend .
if you need a heavy duty thick tarp . this would be your choice . heaviest i have found . and well made too .
this thing is sweet . turned out to be user friendly ( cleverly built ) . low vibration , acceptable noise , good cutting speed and manuevering .
this will only cut copper , or aluminum . no steel , nothing ferrous , either . soft metals only . just a warning before you buy .
i hooked up our indoor christmas lights to these timers and they work great . i now let them do the work of turning lights on and off .
pros : great price for the featurescons : not nearly as bright as advertised ( perhaps only 300-500 lumens ) not magnetized brightnessmetal feels thinlens feels thin
these face masks are high quality and are comfortable to wear , i use them when i do some painting operation so its not negatively effecting me
works fine but the quality could be better . i already sued it and did the job . as to longevity , i don't expect much .
they work awesome . been using it everyday . just like the red thank you . what else you want me to say . it's like buying gold
i purchased two jawstands to go with the two rockwell jawhorse another great product : rock solid , very sturdy and should last a lifetime !
yeah it holds stuff ok . crude castings . will have to get a better one . can't enjoy using this one at all
freud makes great blades , period . cuts hardwood like butter . highly recommend . need nine more words to submit so ... buy them .
bought two of these to replace 20 year old dial switches . what a difference and they were easy to install
what a neat item not for the everydayer but when you need that one item for one or two holes this is it
i have not actually used this yet so i will let everybody know how it is after i break it in
probably not worth the money . if i had to do it again i'd buy 4 dollar geeky safety goggles . these are not that much more comfortable .
simple and straight forward . i like the wooden handle but it seems not as easy to use as others i have tried .
i have a small space that needs the smaller items . this drill is the right size for my space . thanks
a great upgrade . so simple to use our 4 year old can us it . nice quality . so much easier than messing around with keys
perfect fit for my product the only thing is that they only sell individual filters and not a package which come out more expensive .
we have been using these type filters for several years and we're very satisfied . the product was delivered on time without any complications .
starrett pin punches are supurb quality.thick shanks , excellent knurling and the taper is perfectly machined . they're almost works or art ! !
had it programmed in less than five minutes and it has worked great for about a month now.time will tell it it last longer than my last liftmaster clicker .
great tool took the lugs off my motor home with a fully charge battery . i have told all my friends to get this tool .
i couldn't believe that this tool was actually american made when i unpacked it.it ' s a well made tool and should provide a lifetime of service .
this is the best pen light i've ever had . perfect size . bright and i like the push on switch . great buy !
it more practical to have both the mm and inches calibration.the size is perfect and also the numbers and divisions .
didn't lose too many bristles while working . i had used for trim and small areas with latex primer and latex interior paint . also cleaned up really well
these are good as they don't fog up like other goggles i have used . they are fairly comfortable , and have a good field of vision .
i ordered several of these and the work very nice . easy to carry in pocket and the best part is the price .
they work as expected . seem to be holding up well . what more can i say ?
great quality nails that are strong and have an attractive brass appearance . very good for pictures and heavier objects . very happy with this product .
bought it since i have a mix of old and new garage doors . worked as described on both . quite easy to set up .
i use these to keep my hands free when working on big rigs at night on the side of the road .
i have glasses and they don't fit very well over them , other wise the a nice to ware to protect your eyes
i don't know why i have waited so long to get one of these . no regrets and i highly recommend !
tried lots of less expensive tech screwdrivers , and they all ended up stripping their heads or ruining tight laptop and hard drive screws.these work.worth the extra money .
certainly a must for novice woodworker trying to expand on doing various projects ... worthwhile purchase to add on ... keeps a person imagining .
its good for its priceit rusts faster than my snap-on ones but still snap on is reliable and stronger and better
best brand of chalk line i've used and i've tried quite a few since even the good ones are cheap
i bought these self stick pads to put on the legs of our table and chairs . the self-stick adhesive on these waxman pads is vey good .
i cut 2.5 inch thick paver bricks with it . it cut about an inch deep in roughly 7 seconds , so that's pretty darn good !
nice value for the 3price and does the job . nice and bright for the small size that it is . use this for and emergency flashlight .
it smells like petroleum-based plastics still evaporating , but the darn thing works every time . good to test wal-to-wall , or test your own diy network cables .
this is the most useful part of my bucket tool organizer . i use it for sit down diy repairs such as plumbing and automotive .
its a ladder . seems to work just fine . all parts seems solid enough , and i've not had any issues with the product since it was delivered .
this filter does a great job of catching dust and other particles that are in the air . they normally last me about 3 months .
not what was expected and haven't tried it yet but the end is just a bent wire . i was expecting a coil .
the flashlight is hot all the time can't stay on from time to time i don't like it i need replacement
needed for water pipes in the basement worked great . easy to use and was shipped quickly and good price give it a try
you have to get right in front of this light for it to turn on ! i'm very displeased with it .
plug it in and walk away ; no need to remember it . i with it had a 4hour setting also . more settigs are necessary
i was very surprised that the effect obtained by using minwax , wood acquired beauty and obem.horoshy advise you to buy the product if you decide to .
simple , works much better than my fancy electronic one . nice strong magnet so it will cling in place on the wall . i like it !
good value , comfortable for short durations ( 30 min max ) and the anti-fog feature seems to work . pleased with the price and delivery .
this works well and i like the ability to make multiple programs . my only addition would be a backlight since its sort of hard to see sometimes .
used it to affix a vanity plate on the front of my car without using a frame or screws and it's holding tight thus far . highly recommended .
it is what it looks like . cheap , functional , easy to use . not much more to say about this adapter . ugh
excellent for the price . they do the job with very little or no hair loss . these are better than i expected .
i bought this saw thinking " it's mk , made in the usa . " wrong ! just go to harbor freight and buy one .
bought this for my dewalt jigsaw . came sealed in a package . works great . cut laminate flooring like butter when i needed a flush cut .
this must be the best blade i ever used for general purpose cutting.my cordless saw battery lasts much longer .
5 secs any 1 not bad stays cool nice design but takes 5 secs to kick on and 3 foot cord is a pain in the
have not used as yet , but items look to be of good quality and am sure they will do the job bought for .
as far as masks go if your just starting out welding , or you need a second maskthis is the one for you !
nice gloves but seem a little tight . i've used other brands that fit better but this one is fine for the money .
this machine works great , excellent tool , will make your work enjoyable as it is a dynamic piece of mechanism that can adjust to make multiple cuts .
i have the leecraft zci and this dado insert . both are excellent . they can be adjusted for fit and work perfectly .
nice set of chisels at a good price ( price these on other sites and you will see ) , razor sharp right out of the box .
blindingly bright ... this thing makes a shadow inside on a sunny day & throws an almost lazer like beam at night - incredible for one led !
basic pressure switch , quality is very reasonable for the price . installed easily on my compressor . with my anticipated usage , it should last for many years .
i'm over 6 feet tall and a standard shower head is at my shoulder height . this extends the shower head so i can stand directly under it .
almost too bright ! small and light , perfect for all your needs . stash one by the door , in the car , etc ...
great gift for my son and he loved it . need things like this for building and working on things . my son loves them ...
have had it for a few months . no faults or problems yet . all features are as advertised . i just wish it had a carrying handle .
didn't realize how much i needed this set until i tried to disassemble a small electric appliance . must have if you work on security equipment and the like .
i should have ordered : leviton 7070 - pg , a four way socket.did not return so i have perfectly good three way socket with switch for future .
what can i say its a sharpener . it works well for keeping things sharp in the field . i would buy this again .
this is a great thermostat for the price . it was very easy to install , the directions were clear , and programming it was super easy .
works great extremely bright great size great bang for the buck . it was cheap and worth every penny . i would recommend this to everyone .
too much play in the mount to really keep a nice edge , not recommeneded for anything much heavier than balsa .
this is a very nice and long lasting bit that cuts quite fast . used it in both metal and wood .
works ok , releases sucked solder ok . have used on model train , haven't melted the tip yet . would buy again .
worth every penny , flips out and twists up for easy pickings ! ! ! i would reccomend it for any and all tool nuts ...
saved my back and time using this tool . wish i had purchased it sooner . highly recommend for anyone who is tearing out a deck .
haven't used this saw much yet , but the saw and tray fit perfectly into my bosch l-boxx alone with my bosch 12v drill .
this one is actually a gift but i own 3 of their new led models and they are all fantastic . much brighter than incandescent bulb flashlights .
i am giving these such a high rating because the price is excellent and the quality is fine . very good for plumbing work .
got these to alleviate the need to wear reading glasses or switching back and forth with them . these fit fine and do the trick .
it is definitely quiet . don't expect it to be completely silent but way better sones than many units of this size and cfm power
works very well for what it is intended to do . price was ok what can i say it's soldering flux !
shower squeegee ! works great ! better value than the ones actually made for the shower and works better as well ! here's what it looks like : http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/permalink/mo2df9f1lnyys8n/b000crhmq6/ref=cm_ciu_images_pl_link
very happy with the price and performance of this product . did the research on amazon's website and very pleased with the results . would highly recommend this product .
great price , great bag , grandson loved loved loved it . would buy again and probably will get one for myself , really nice .
i like this sharpener . i does a good job and sharpens quickly . i wish you could get finer grit diamond plates .
the dremel is a life saver for hoe remodeling projects . it has so any uses and options that you will wonder how you managed with out .
all machining is well done and copper finish is good . it is a good value pack for the home air setup .
great item ... arrived in good condition and on time . i use these drill / drive bits all the time and they are very handy .
my wife needs bright light for her low vision . these bulbs make the room nice and bright . i plan on buying more if these ever burn out .
i have to say , i am very impressed with this little thing . works as advertised , and is cheap as all get up .
i use this tool for modeling , and it does an excellent job with a long battery like and variety of tips . charges quickly too .
these lights work good nothing special but they work well in a small place to give it some extra light
this set of tools do exactly what they were desighned to do . they work well and are worth the money .
these are great light batteries . they were manufactured within 4 months of when i got them so they have plenty of life left . came in retail packaging .
these glasses are simple and inexpensive . i don't use them on a daily basis so they fit the bill for me .
this is a heavy duty extension adapter . the gauge of this wire is thick . i like the orange light indicator indicating it is receiving power .
the " sand " on this sandpaper is not solid and it doesn't last long . this is not the 3m products i have grown accustomed to .
one filter for roughly $ 5 . a bit pricey but a bit of a must-have if you own and make heavy use of the bcl 1800 .
with the new law in california in effect , this is a nice carbon monoxide alarm at a very fair price .
couldn't believe what others are asking for their roller stands.while back i bought one local at a tool sale and it was china junk !
the quality is reflected by the price , but anyone who isn't interested in buying junk long nose pliers will be willing to pay for the premium .
exactly as advertised and much cheaper than the $ 5 and $ 6 ( each ! ) that the big box stores charge . just get it !
bought one for myself , two as gifts . this is sturdy , and you can't beat the price . very happy i bought this .
it is very small . it is not very bright and therefore not very useful . the twist to turn on feature is not what i like .
i have a bunch of this type cutter . small light with a good grip no complaints at all . good buy
works as described . this is a must gave adapter if you have a dovetail jig . easy to use piece of equipment ! !
very happy with the quality . used on fine circuit boards and had great results . easy to use . more is on the way :)
i have an older house and most of my outlets are 2 - prong . these adapters do the job and i'm very please , and will order again .
does what it should . a decent price , good quality that is holding up so far , and most of all form fitting and breathable .
this kit had everything we needed to fix the garage door . instructions were very easy to understand .
this cord is strong , long , and also a very good look . tempature so far has been good every week . no problems so far ( :
works great . worked in a close space . i really like the side plugs i use those more than the other .
it actually puts out a little less than 1.5 gpm , yet it feels like so much more . it's a money saver .
very informative . even if you've used this jig before , it's a good refresher and has lots of helpful tips . reasonable price .
works great , easy install . exactly as described and a quality product . love it . i need to use 7 more weds i guess .
this breaks very easy and cheap . i used it maybe ten times at most and it didn't perform very well
it work fine but i think it is very over priced . check your local supply house and i think you will find itis much cheaper .
for the price this thing works great ! it fits in your picket like a pen plus comes with a couple attachments . my husband really likes his .
simple , works , no leaks , cheap . i think 1 companion makes these for many brands as they all seem to be the same .
works great - nothing bad to say about it . always keep an extra one on hand . no problems with product .
i am a senior lady and use my little saw to trim trees . these blades with my milwaukee saw are wonderful .
these are really long . very handy in many applications i have , but also great simply based on the extra torque you'll have using these .
the extensions work well , did come in very handy & useful , i'll be using them for awhile , no judgement on durability .
it's a brass peephole . very easy to install . nice full field of vision .
i use it with a juice xe6 , and it expanded its capabilities exponentially , i like to use it with the hex key bit drivers .
it's great pricewise and durable ( i accidentally dropped it couple times while washing my pooch ) . assembling it was a breeze as well . no dripping whatsoever .
i bought this in conjunction with a honeywell rpls 540a econoswitch programmable timer switch and the two work perfectly together . no complaints .
love this ! perfect size , and very bright . i can't speak to battery life yet as i have only had it a few weeks
an addition to my home tool set . like the case , keeps them organized . will meet my " fix it " needs nicely .
i have not used this yet but it appears to be unused . at half price the new ones i am satisfied /
i've only used one roundover bit , but it was sharp and worked fine with pine . seems like great quality for the price .
these are beautiful little lights and quite bright using three batteries in a magazine , very bright and quit handy.gave several to happy owners as gifts .
i just bought 4 more . worked as expected , bright . worth the money . used them as night light for the kids . they love it .
very well made quality screw driver set . phillips tips hard and have not chipped yet under heavy torque . handles are comfortable , and have nice grip .
this is the second leatherman knife i've bought and so far , i'm impressed . this item is in my wife's edc and she loves it .
high quality american made bulbs at the best price that i have ever found . that's right " made in the usa " .
what i was looking for - an exact replacement for the one i had that stopped working without having to drive all over creation to find one
this works great . really over performed based on cost i thought . a very comfortable shower spray . lots of volume but fairly soft . i really like it
good sink but we had to return it since we went a different route , quality was very nice however from what i saw .
very useful and all bits in one place , again the case is a little cheesy but the product inside and all in one place sold me .
fire extinguisher - nothing special hope i never need to use it ... fire extinguisher - nothing special hope i never need to use it
good buy for this charger and battery for my 18 volt dewalt drill and saw . perfect fit and worked perfectly .
i used this light when i was in some tight spots and needed both hands and it worked great . very pleased with it .
had a cheap set of mm l-wrenches form china - the 5mm lasted one use and snapped.spend the difference ; the good stuff is worth it
this is the best light i've ever owned . the price is amazing as well . i recommend it highly ! ! ! it's a must have ! !
works very well . really puts a nice edge on my knives . the results are comparable to much more expensive sharpeners . i really like it .
it fits the majority of my wrench comlection and folds up nicely . the clasps work fine . so far the quality has held up .
very cool , but not long-lasting . i guess it's the nature of the beast . a good model of the " electric sun . "
needed a light in closet for my new canon wireless all in one printer . easy to mount great illumination , well priced . very pleased .
i used this to grind a beveled surface on the sides of brick and to smooth out some very rough concrete on a shed foundation . works quickly .
no problems with this product . it is just as advertized , the shipping was fast and it works flawlessly . i highly recommend the schlage fe595 ! .
installed this on my older sears craftman table saw . runs much smoother , saw cuts seem cleaner , saw is also slightly quieter .
fast shipping , product in condition as stated , ' like new ' being an open box purchase . i find dewalt products the best in the woodworking industry .
this works great and saves a significant amount of water . very well made and performs great with infinite settings of spray .
it works great that's all i can say , works like it should . had it for three years now , no problems .
i do alot of wood working and finish work and there well worth the money.you get what you pay for and theses are a a + + +
perfect for my needs . light weight , and very easy to use , and i know black and decker is a reliable name in anything they put out ..
this mailbox is strong , well-built , and a real value . its size makes the mailman happy to hold his large packages . quality item . low price .
for router work on a router table it will hold the wood firm for smaller pieces so you will not cut your fingers .
if you install a lot of doors or cabinets or anything with a hinge you will want this set for your tool box
works like a charm . very little adjustments.works right away and multiple directions setting makes it easy to adjust in any direction
these seem to be well constructed . i suppose you don't know whether they work or not until you get hit by lightening .
don't lose the paperwork that came with bit , it lists shim size combinations needed to get desired size . it is great !
if you know basic plumbing than go for it . i love the faucet . good price . solid . easy to install . looks very contemporary .
these are comfortable , clear , and the " cheaters " allow me to see closeup . also got the clear ones for indoors which i like as well .
i use it in the bed of my truck to keep things from sliding around .
these are very good batteries . as replacements for a hand vac they were just what was needed to bring it back to like .
nice and light weight . breaks lug nuts fine , and great for pulling off head nuts on studs . there is no torque limiter , so be careful .
the alden 8440p pro grabit broken bolt and damaged screw extractor 4 piece kit failed to remove a stripped screw in my shower drain .
great set of legs and easy instructions . makes an extremely sturdy work table with adequate surface area on which to do just about anything .
lights up the areas wear someone is working.very very easy to carry on your head or hat or helmet . quite bright also .
i have had a few different flashlights at work and this one is small fits in pocket well plus plenty bright and has a strobe light as well
absolute great protection and all the air goes down away from my safety glasses , can't ask for more , they are great .
great tool kit has all the small bit that you would need around the house . come with a nice little box to hold them
great pricing . durably made . a lot less than home stores charge . nice and lightweight . fold easily for storage . buy them
the diamond file is perfect to sharpen fish hooks . the saw blade is useful for cutting thru bones . they are essential for a fisherman's leatherman multi-tool .
until the economic disparity narrows in this country , i'll buy tekton tools before snap-on or mac . high quality finish with great customer service .
likes : gets through treated lumber fastclean holesfollows the tap mark - very little drill tip wander.cons : wish there were triples of the smaller bits
this solder is excellent melts fast and is very strong joint . flows extremely well . i will buy again . it leaves a very shiny joint
does the job at a fraction of the price . they are at least half the price if not 1/3 the price compared to the big box store .
this product surprised me on how small it is . the bulb is great for small covered and / or recessed light fixtures . j . p .
she uses it everyday and she feals the energy coming from it . my wife is very sick and this in her mind helps her .
the locking mechanism is poor quality and has issues . this is the reason i took off 1 star . other than that , great price .
good value . easy programming . these sell in the box stores for about $ 39.00 so its a great price . i would order again
had these installed this week , seems to be working beautifully ? excellent lighting up the driveway protection ! very satisfied to date !
they still easily slip and are not very durable.just as a homeowner went through 6 of the bitsin a couple weeks .
work well . bright light good sensor , uses 3 d so go stock up seems to last a while , a + mounts easy
this bur set is a very good set . i gave it to a craft artist for a christmas present and she loves it and uses it alot . alot
these are the best c7 led lights i have ever found on the market . they are very bright for a small light bulb .
bought these to put ion my first aid kit thats in thebugout bag , not going to try it unless i have to
this was easy to install and doesn't take up much space . it looks just like the picture online and is a great place to store the grocery bags .
seems like it wants to wrap around something larger than my jeep roll bars but still fits .
this bit set is wort the price the assortment of bits are great and the quality is even better , good value .
after you see how cool this light is , you'll want a second one for some other place in your home . these lights are very bright and reliable .
came with good instuctions and i had very little problems getting to work . a good replacement for the original . i got another one for backup .
a very sturdily built tool . the handle offers secure , positive torque ; and the laser etched tip definitely assists in preventing camout . i recommend this tool .
needed to replace my aging air hoses and decided on this one . it's very flexible , nice visible color and lightweight . price is good also .
not much to say but its solder , and a lot of it , at a decent price . if you keep running out of solder just buy this .
works great ! i wish i'd gotten the handle version so i don't have to explain to guests , but it works fine . marry easy to install .
it is a simple one , so i hope it lasts.there are more complicated system , but they tend to fail easily .
i run 3 framing nailers on the one compressor . no problems , runs great .
have not use it yet , but will be using it very soon for i am working with wood designing . thank you
the staples work as expected , they come in handy to have around the house , just have to remember where you put them when not in use !
seems to be made pretty well . i am a medium-large and the large fits well . plan to use it for late night walks .
allows me to put a video feed anywhere on the wall . love how quick and easy it is to install . great quality and does the job well
it sucks solder ! works great . i have used this a lot since i got it and it's holding up well .
this is exactly what i need . it's not that easy to find . was happy to find it so easily . was a good price and good quality .
wolverine is the best in sharpening lathe tools . this is a great addition to keeping my tools in top shape .
good basic adjustable wrench . i have no complaints . it's a nice addition to my emergency kit at an affordable price .
this is the coolest thing i have found . the lights are really bright and are great for computer mods . i love this thing .
great product , well made . can be used in so many ways . in and out of the miter slot . product will last a lifetime ...
just like all of the other add ons that kreg sells this is over priced and should have come with the purchase of there router table .
it is a very nice drill bit that will allow you to reach in to a lot of areas with your drill .
not a whole lot to say other than it works great and is easy to connect to my dimmer and led reel .
this piece is overly built and has tons of adjustment features to make your work shine .
i choose this set , the price was right and the brand before . i would recommend this product to anyone . thank you .
these blades are very aggressive for fast brush cutting . however , they are hss not bi-metal so they lose sharpness faster on hard wood .
100 times better than advertised ; soooo versatile ; ready to go right out of the box ! !
i am very familiar with photon lights and the ones i got from this listing were without any chance of doubt fake . what a rip-off .
it's a square , it's fairly difficult to mess it up or to get it wrong . the price was right and it's a perfect square .
works great and it is really small but i would not have been able to use it if it were any larger .
handy wrench for my handy man tool shop . is at hand and does not require going back and forth to tool box for wrenches
wasn't looking for anything fancy .. just needed a plate to cover a rocker and wireles motion sensor panel . this fit it works and it's cheap .
works as it should and great for the price . very nice quality coping saw . makes a great companion for my jig saw .
so far so good . this was a very simple install . currently controls all of my outdoor lighting .
now nice to have 500 watts of heat pouring down when we step out of the shower . unit was very easy to install .
i like this hammer a lot , it is durable looks nice has the nail feature and was a good price !
i used this punch to add a hole to a kydex reinforced leather belt . it went through the kydex without any issues .
i rarely use my straight edge anymore . this thing is amazing . i've cut the time it takes me to mark my pieces by more than 50 % !
for an extension cable it works well - wish it was 2-3 dollars less though . other than that , it is good quality and works well .
they are comfortable , don't fog easily , and meet the ansi z87 . 1 requirements , what more could you need / want in a pair of goggles ?
i love the pass through , you can use them in so many more places that are hard to get to !
need to check pinion preload ? this is what you use . kd unit is a well made tool . had to pick this up for low torque settings .
does what it's suppose to do . received it promptly , packaged properly . comes with it's own 9 volt battery and was manufactured only about 2 years ago .
purchased this for working on my mbp . i can say for this , it works great and has all of the tools i needed .
these openers are cheaply made and quit working after only a few months . don't waste your money on these . immediately regret buying them .
i bought 5 of these locks . very handy not have to chase for keys . very easy to set your own code .
this vest is made well , however the sizing does run small . order one size up . there are also no pockets , another downside .
too small for use with a nailer for which it was purchased . need the next size up . was purchased because it was light ,
this is the second one that i purchased . the light is extremely bright , perfect for the entrance to my house i recommend this
helped me not lose my bits . i have to use it for a while to give a high mark . for now , it is okay .
i use these multimaster tool to do a number of outdoor delights . i love pruning with these snips . cutting rose stems and the like .
gets hot and melts solder every time , weller quality i highly suggest a stand for irons like this as the one included is chincy .
does the job and seems well made . i would recomend this seat to anyone . ez to install and was packaged well .
good solid organizer for screws / bolts and whatever you got . it has solid latches that stay in place and will not accidentally open up when carrying .
i would reccomend these to debur your holes to create a tapered hole to get the job done fast , easy .
easy to install , works well . i have not yet adjusted the time duration , but i understand how to from the instructions .
i use these with an impact driver and have had no issues so far . i would reccomend these for basic use .
this is a durable wrench that should handle most jobs with no problem . well constructed . easy to use . solid aluminum handle and tough rubber strap .
this is one heavy duty knife . very easy to use . makes older knives obsolete . changing blades is amazingly easy . good deal .
i got one mainly as a protection for colt's body i bnever had issues with temp . works fine for what it is .
not very useful . the sizes i need are not adaptable . i have a output of 2 " dia . this connection does not fitthe output hose .
while this is smaller than i expected , it's my own fault and i still think it will do the job i purchased it for .
i have a lot of makita 18v tools . these batteries charge quick , last quite a while and provide the power i need .
love my old 3 & 4 cell mag's . this up-grade brings them into the 21st century . can't believe the improvement.you won't be sorry.old fart ... highly recommended .
this lasted well for 3 months . but , it was a slow pour . i would not buy one again if i can filter with an alternate method .
works just as advertised . i am using this tool to verify my power usage for components in my house as i prepare to go off the grid .
easy to install , and i have not had false alarms in 2 months . i bought a second one later for another part of the house .
drilled into concrete and brick when putting up curtain rails and such with a cheapo drill . so great for an occassional use like me .
i've used about 500 of them now in the cordless dewalt . no jams , they hold good , i will continue to use this brand of brads .
very easy to use , set lock letters ot change lock letters . i use them for my 2 wooden gate locks outside .
these are lightweight , very clear vision , perfect for eye protection when using power gardening tools . i'm sure they're great for other uses , too .
this item dose just what it is advertized to do ... hold your sharpening stone firmly with a no slip bottom .. great tool !
these are priced appropriately and work fine for me . i use them to hold small parts together while glue cures or while i solder .
this light could land airplanes or signal batman ! it's awesome , bright as could be and a reasonable price . i would highly recommend .
seems to be a good light but the lens has what looks like cracks in the lens . you cannot feel them from the outside . interferes with beam quality
this item was purchased with one purpose in mind to port and polish motorcycle heads . it has never failed me and is easy toset up onto your dremel .
it is a replacement supply , i do not have a chance to use it , but i trust most of the kreg product .
good strong , compact saw , but turns out 6-1 / 2 " is a bit of an odd blade size .
i like the auto adjust height . i had this installed in 20 mins . i had tried the insert replacement first and that didn't work at all .
it's ok but i wish it was a little more heavy duty . i only use it when needed.likes , usefull for short term storage.dislike , not heavy duty .
i got this with my fan , extra to make it easier to work when laying down on a hot day or night . sw
these are great if you want to make a two plug into a six plug . i have these all over my house .
fast , good packing and price . charges fine and holds it . might get more later for other lights from them later when needed .
this is a great quality product ! i would highly recommend this multi-tool to anybody ! no man should ever be without one of these in my opinion !
arrived on time . these drivers work as well as the originals i got with the kreg pocket hole jig . just wish they were cheaper .
these are for my dewalt 18 volt saw , and have proven to be very sharp and very durable so far . good quality .
got to use it for a couple of days before the wire within the unit seperated . made in china , duh .
purchased this light as an extra to work where there was dim lighting . used this item several times since purchased ,
took advice of most reviewers and got the milwaukee blades . a very wise decision . durable , solid , and sharp . great purchase .
i didn't realize just how dull my old jab saw was until this arrived . this made in ceiling speaker installation so much easier . couldn't be happier .
used 3/8 inch drive under low torque job use . it snapped on shank . would not buy or recommend this product .
i use it all the time for checking continuity and voltage . very user friendly . i dropped it from about 6 feet and it suffered no damage .
this product does everything i need it to do . i make my own jewelry and i find it very useful when working with wood . love it .
i use it almost everyday in the summer i repair houses i got an extra ladder leveler so i don't have to take them off
have tried several types of colored solar lights , and these are the best and most durable . one tip , change your batteries every year for best performance .
i've been practicing but i really can't seem to get a real sharp edge and the video tells you how to do it but it ain't working for me .
i had to replace a leaky shower mount and took a gamble on this product . so far , so good and i have apparently eliminated the leak altogether .
bought a new house and needed a light for the side drive at night when coming home from work , works great .
i like these better than the standered spade bits.self feed and less tear out . the case is really nice for storage and protection .
i really hesitated paying so much for a single purpose blade , but best buy i ever made.cut thru 2in . well seasoned white oak without a whimper .
this 8w gives a bright clear light . i will be getting more of these soon , now that i have found a great light bulb well built reasonable priced.tom
my hammer doesn't have the smell that another reviewer noted , but still has all of the great function , so it gets 5 stars from me .
love this little timer . i use it to turn on lamps in my living room . so even when i'm away , my house is lit from within .
this tool made doing the siding easy and quick . i recommend for everyone . this was my first time , but would do again with these .
use with blower to insure deliver of max power with no overheating , etc . works great . high quality !
heavy duty . punches a good hole . lots of choices as to the size of hole you need . i need one occasionally and this is ok .
works pretty well as i have found . i use it for a motorized bike which is about 25 pounds heavier , but it works .
good machining and manufacturinggood comfortable rubber griptransfers forcemeets expectationsnot much else to write here . will buy again
frued consistently delivers a great product ! these bits are always my first choice . i would recommend to a friend . 5 stars !
took longer to open the package then to sync with my liftmaster formula i which has the redish orange learn button and gray antenna .
very bright white light . seems to be well constructed . if the bulb lasts as promised , i will be very pleased .
a must have for the bosch table saw . i did have one rip in the bag that i had to mend . not very heavy material .
just a perfect product and cheaper then most regular ones . can't go wrong . really , buy this thing . well worth the money .
i have 2 of these lights and they work perfect for what i need them for . no problems so far .
this is a great bike hanger . it doesn't look as nice as others , but it does the job and it takes less vertical space than others .
strong magnification , and the light works well and is very helpful . have had it for over a year ( maybe too ) .
it worked . cut through the tile in just a few seconds . watch the edges of the gasket though . it worked
this router table is very versatile and portable . i can take it outside and clamp it to saw horses and not have a dusty mess in the shop .
excellent product 1 keys fit them all easy to use very satisfiedmaster lock gun lock , 3 - pack #90trispt
great little tool , very handy to have when you need it.probably give them for stocking stuffers this christmas.good quality and it stays on your key ring .
powerful saw with a laser . it is light weight and has excellent power . this saw is worth the money for a homeowner will skills .
so far works great ; need to get another blade to test cutting other materialsbut so far handy and easy to use
a good marking knife but not as sharp as i like . a little work with a fine stone helps make it better .
as others have already stated , this is a perfect replacement for my fluke 77 . will be ordering some more as spares .
needed this to get vaccum to attach to tablesaw it worked . now the tablesaw attaches to the vaccum yep yep
this is one of those tools you wonder how you did without it . measure router bit height , router bit to fence distance , saw blade height etc .
i purchased this as a gift after my in law saw mine . he loves it ! it may not be 500lm but who cares .. its bright
not the strongest grip but i think it will last until spring . it would be perfect with a stronger adhesive .
not much can be said , other than , it is an item that just simply does it job in an exceptional manner .
this is a very sharp tile nipper . i run my own tiles and it is a must need . cuts them evenly . worth every penny .
great for key chains at night getting in & out of your car or for getting in the house .
i only used it acouple of times and got my use out of it , planning on using it more in the future .
ch air tools are hard to beat for the home shop mechanic . good quality for the price . i definitely recommend .
in my personal opinion , irwin brand products have always been great quality . and this vise-grip is no different !
needed a new shower head that didn't use a lot of wate this unit is great works well i've been using it for 3 months now good quality .
the drill bits are on a par with most common brands that i have purchased . one drill bit broke during its first use .
it was a good product but did not fit so had to alter the faucet so it would work other wise am pleased
you don't need batteries or power to get water from your 5 gallon bottles . we love it . highly recommended as part of your emergency supplies .
for all but the toughest jobs i reach for these little power packed drivers . i wished they charged a little faster but otherwise ... awesome !
clamp was easy to use and provided good clamping pressure . might need a couple of extre hands on a large project .
a well tool from stanley , i bought it by the need of space in the work area , and the handle too . easy to transport.very recommended ! ..
what can i say ... it's a good heavy outdoor exten . cord . i'm happy .
this was a snap to set up and worked the first time i set it up . perfect for our vacation home
this is a heavy duty case and can withstand a lot of damage . it works well with the other tools and accessories in the shop .
i would recommend it to others . however the ( + ) is really flat and tends to let the batteries slip off .
the name is still a strong one . dewalt makes nice tools and the price was very acceptable . will buy again if needed .
great abrasives , sharpens in no time at all with a good life span , just got to remember to keep them clean
bulb is a cool white as advertised but is great for lighting china cabinet display while not generating as much heat as other bulbs might .
i made a little house to surround the beam.im sure it will extent its life.though it says , water proof.it wont hurt .
awesome blade , using it on my miter saw and even low grade white pine is coming out with cleaner cuts .
i use this every time i set up a bit on my router table . i just love the accuracy and ease of use .
these are durable and high quality . i used these on a bunch of through hole soldering and never once had any issues with cutting .
have several dremels . this newer model is very nice . very handy . nothing quite works like a dremel .
this is a great light it is not heave like some book lights easy to clip on and the light is just right for night reading
wanted an extinguisher to be an insurance against fire spreading . this is a mind easing product for preventing spreading of a fire .
the light with two plugs are a great idea . i've always wanted one when i first say them in hotels . just wish the neck was a little higher
used this to put on a new edge on a knife . it puts the shaving out quite uniformly . study construction - thick plastic . hope that helped .
don't like this , but love the 10-in-1.problem with this one is the barrel is too fat and won'tfit in tight situations where the shaft of the drive matters .
i bought this to use in m jewelry business to put in spots on leather and also to flatten wire . it works well and is a good weight .
this does everything they say . it's well constructed and machined of good quality materials.the up / down adjustment wheel does the trick .
i love these clamps as it allows me to position my work in about any location . these makes things alot easier to work on .
took a little bit of planning on taping before hand but then it went on well and pulled pretty taught upon a little heat .
very nice quality and finish . very good design and easy to install . i used them on a very heavy entertainment center and they are holding up well .
the first year was fine , then it burnt out . the temperature adjustment was precise and consistent , for a one year .
this works fine and will probably last forever . i would recommend it . please have a nice day . thank you very much .
perfect set in a plastic holder . just what i needed . i would recommend to anyone that needs a metric set .
yep it's solder and buying here for an excessive price is well worth not having to hit up the store on my day off .
this is a good style lock . it is easy to set up and seems to be fairly rust resistant . i will buy more .
after two years , still going strong . very quite compared to the pump that came with the house ( it lasted 17 years ) .
this is a good set of bits to refill other ones with missing or broken ones about quality so fa so good
super product . expensive , very bright , 1/10 the power so saves money on electricity . simple replacement of old incandescent lamp ; small size .
easy to handle even on small objects ... does a great job ... leaves the project clean and smooth . after sanding and polishing , the project was gleaming
it works . quality is fine . holder is nice . has everything you need in one place .
found the bits to be of good quality . the only thing lacking is a case but what do you expect at that price .
i use this primarily for lug nuts and it has not failed yet . i have had considerable torque on this socket and it has held up well .
reception is good put the tuning is so fine it is hard to adjust . works well for sound deading . battery life is good
this is a great option if your leatherman has the bit adapter . besides the flat leatherman bits , it can use the more common hex bits .
if you lost or misplaced your collet then this is the item for you . constructed to the usual high p-c standard .
sturdy nice pieces .. well made they feel very strong and good value not expensive at all . well worth it . i
the light output of this little guy is impressive . if you're looking for an unobtrusive key chain light , this is it .
use under my 4 poster bed to keep it from sliding on tile floor . they're a nice size and the large casters on my bed fit nicely .
nicely lets me work on my own things that the idiot manufacturers think should require a trip to the shop .
5 inch long reach needle nose pliers jeweler hand tool work very well , arrived on time , good quality tool , fits in the drawer .
needed this exact plug and receptacle configuration , and this is exactly right as pictured . no problems , does not feel like junk .
it holds stuff , and its inexpensive compared to others . the belt clip seems to be of good quality .
i use these diamond plates for sharpening and flatening . the material they remove seems to rust and leave an orange film on them but does not effect their cutting
looks great . easy to install for a do it yourselfer . i will probably buy 20 more for our home . yes !
my favorite thing is the fitting that goes into the drill . makes it a very tight and positive connection . these should last me a lifetime .
very impressed by the light , yes it's huge but it can lit a big room.make sure it fits into your lamp .
these are just dust reduction filters but they offer less air flow restriction . this is better for new systems that can be damaged by restricted air flow .
trustfire xml c8 - t6 5 - mode cree led 1000 lumen flashlight . it arrived just as listed . bright flashlight . feels good in your hand
it seems to be a great fuel hose at a good price . i installed it with no issues and no leaks .
if you are looking for folding rule that you can actually use this is it . very handy when running pipe around obstacles .
work great in the makita guide rails - simple to use and set up . i leave them in the track for storage when not in use .
i sometimes modify camera cages or i want a 1/4- 20 right where there isn't one . this kit has the three styles you need .
have had for almost a year without problems . we use it for electric yard implements and treat it fairly roughly without a problem .
left unused , the batteries seem to hold up for nearly 2 years in my radio popper strobes . that is pretty good . so they are made well .
instead of a loud motor , my 23 hp mower how sounds like sexy low purr . much more fun to mow now .
[ good ] sleek looking designcomfortable [ bad ] in my experience , while they are better than cheaper googles , they will still eventually fog up .
i bought several . it was super easy to install . just remember to adjust central hole of the middle mechanism before you put it the door .
these are great for a dust collection system in which you use more than one machine on a run . easy to remove and install with no tools .
it functions as suggested by company ... lights up certain selected areas in and out of my houseno more switching lights on !
we love the battery operated deadbolt . it will turn green or red indicating locked or unlocked . very easy to install .
the corse teeth make it hard to start . i should have gotten a blade with finer teeth-or been a finer woodworkrer
i use this for a reloading bench and it works great . the directions need to be read as it is not a simple picture instructions .
great idea , poor quality . i've bought four of them over the past two years , hoping that they have been improved . not yet .
this collet was received in the original porter cable blister pack , and seems to be of the expected excellent quality .
this is a very good product . i think dremel should include this in the dremel tools package . price is good .
very bright replacement led for my 3 d-cell maglite and should outlast any standard bulb . very happy with this product .
good quality solder which bonds larger copper terminals to copper wire really well . i have nothing but good stuff to say about this solder . good buy .
i bought this because i am going all dewalt with my tools . it work fabulously , and i have had no problems with it .
i guess all sawzall blades are the same but this is a good kit with a variety of blades for different applications .
so far so good battery seems to hold the charge for quite a few hours . after a few months i'll update everyone on its reliability .
i ordered this for a friend as a birthday gift . he hasn't complained to me so i guess it's performing properly .
i got this for my track saw . i find that i use them for all kinds of clamping around the shop . well worth the cost
hard to imagine a tool this small being so strong and powerful . buy it before your government outlaws it . word .
it is exactly what i wanted and the description of the product was matching to it ! the service also was good and friendly !
i have used a similar putty in the past for posters . i bought this and used it but the posters fell down after about 3 months .
if you buy the ones that are a little smaller and lighter duty than these they will break . these are definitely worth a few extra dollars .
great flashlight , one of my favorites . relatively powerfull . as far as i know , one of the top rated pocket lights .
these look and work like the brand that charges 4 times as much so i'm very pleased with them . if used properly they should last for years .
it is really bright . i like it . it fits to my kia sportage 2000 suv . it is long , but it fits .
this item worked flawlessly and we were able to pump our pool full of water in no time , i highly recommend .
great drill , purchased it because of the name and have not been sorry , great torque , long life battery , does everything i need and more
it held great & was easy to engage . a little tricky to disengage though . first advance i have seen on the old standby design
as indicated . what you see is what you get here . there were no surprises and everything is working well . thanks .
well made and inexpensive - puts an end to struggling with powerblocks that don't fit in ... perfect for when you can't fit the power blocks next to each other
much better than using pegboard like i did last time . very well engineered and made like all of kreg's products .
the only thing i can add to other reviews is this thing works and compact . try it you'll like it !
haven't used them yet but from the looks of them they seem fairly sturdy . have other dremel products and have always had a good experience with them .
i used these to connect bulky power adapters to my ups and surge protectors . i have no problems so far with its use .
very handy multi-purpose tool . this tool is used a lot in my shop , for many different projects . i recommend this tool .
i had them on at home depoe and people kept handing me charity dollars.very sturdy well made and great clips
just what i needed to check my cars air conditioner temperature out . i also adjust my refrigerator and freezer temps too .
love kreg stuff . don't really know how much use i'll give this set , but since i'm starting cabinetry , i want this ... !
met all my exceptions and then some ! this is a very nice high quality hose at a pretty damn good price .
the lanyard doesn't hold as tightly as i'd expect but it doesn't seem to have an effect on how well it holds itself in place over the faucet .
good quality for an even better price . inexpensive enough to not have to worry about losing or breaking them . very comfortable to wear .
had no trouble setting it for my opener , was also able to set button two for my daughters garage . highly recommend it .
these don't last as long as some of my laptop pulls . they also discharge faster in the power banks that i use them in .
these grippers are a must-have for my shop and my fingers . lots of setup choices and a strong grip .
perfect little 2 - pack of timers . easy to program and set up , and they have a smaller profile than many timers .
great hvlp gun for the price , u cant go wrong if u take care of it and use it what it was designed for .
you can actually leave the refrigerator open for a minute without it getting hot quickly ( we have 4 bulbs just on the refer side ) . highly recommend .
works really well and is very flexible . seems to be very well made and should be durable . doesn't clog with saw dust .
excellent hose , very light weight and easy to use . stays flexable in any type of weather .
super tough . i use this to fix up my surfboard and dam . this is super solid and glossy which is a plus !
liked the first pair of clean dewalt goggles so much i had to have the tinted pair also . great value and great performance .
our other bulb burned out . we needed a new one . ordered it and got it . it fit just as it was supposed to .
perfect size for house and car " todo el mundo en la prision , corrieron a bailar el rock "
great addition to an 18 volt dewalt drill set . the head rotates to vertical .
good product , quality made . irwin makes a good product and so far i've used these pliers without issue , just for home use and automotive wiring .
this works great and i use just as the picture demonstrates . holds its position and hasn't faulted once on use . well made too .
this looks big in the photo but it is more expensive and half the size as bondo in my hardware store .
can feel confident when purchasing the dewalt brands . i haven't found any problems with their products and will continue to use their brans .
the kreg system is the best jointing tool on the market . i have many uses for the tool that i didn't know it could do .
excellent light with an adjustable light switch that works well and preserves battery power when needed and gives excellent light with easy adjustment .
we had a problem with a wireless video device attached to ceiling mounted projectors.these allow us to power cycle the device without a ladder .
gave one of these to my brother about 2 months ago , and it's working fine so far . the charger is a nice touch .
gave this as a present to someone else , so did not use this and hence unable to comment further on it .
very bright and works on every railed weapon . also this lamp is very light comared to others that i own .
this thing is amazingly bright for the size and price . much better than some $ 20 mini flashlights i have bought . build quality is very good .
this made my life much easier . being able to open and close the door while working in the yard was great .
gave both of my son-in-laws one of these for christmas ; wish i would have gotten one for myself to backup my aging milwaukee .
i'm not a professional mechanic and instead of paying a lot for it , this set suit my needs . yes , will recommend it .
fantastic little sander . takes the basic sanding pads . works awesome . easy on the hand . simple to use . another great tool in the lxt line .
there quality made.and theyve out lived my routers so its a great product with a never ending shelf life .
head dose not stand up to use . holes and deformed plastic after relativly light use . ordered rawhide hammer from ebay to replace . ehh
these work very well , i have asthma and i can sand wood , sheet rock putty , etc and never have any problems
nice bright beam . the compact size is easy to carry around and the batteries last a long time . it is worth the money .
this is a well built apron but it only comes down to my navel ... if your over 6 feet tall this will come up short .
hex shank end rounded off on first use trying to remove a 19mm wheel lug with hex drive hitachi 18v impact driver
i am very pleased with the product . it appears well made and i think it will hold up well to use .
wow ! the price is right and it's light and impossible to tangle unlike my black rubber hoses . i like it .
it works nicely for my gym locker . i got tired of having my key drop out of my shorts ... darn it !
i've used this model for years and can honestly say that it is the most reliable 15 gauge nailer that i have ever used .
bought this for our travel trailer , works so much better than what we had . would highly recommend to anyone for a travel trailer .
it works ! just spend time finding nail or screw . reviews are correct . i would recommend this item to a friend .
it is a great tape but it does not retract if its more than 5 foot out . i have to pull it back in with my hand ! !
the can says its green paint and guess what ... it turned out to be green paint . not much to say . its paint .
best cordless i've use yet . this thing kills the bosch . good batterylife and it's fast !
very safe way to handle smaller pieces on the router table . it is my go to tool for that purpose .
it works like it should , it is faster than other popular brands for this price . it has charging speed options , good charger .
good products.not expencive.easy to use.getting more convinient for wood working with this item . i am very happy to use it .
this is a great saw , the variable speed makes it easy to cut metal & wood of varying thicknesses , and to avoid resonance on flexible workpieces .
i wouldn't weld in these , but they were a fun accessory at burning man ! the strap kind sucks , just sayin .
these are first class alligator clips . i am using them to teach my wife basic electronics along with several other kits of parts .
has never misfired , yet . it's light and easy to adjust for depth . have no regrets on purchase .
good price no complaints used them none broke yet have plany of baldes , handy blade pachaging you won't lose them
i have redone all fixtures in my bathroom with this line of moen . the finish and quality are great . instructions are clear and assembly is very easy .
perfect for what i needed , plenty of pieces for common everyday items , metal seems durable , no problems so far . very happy
not much to say other than it worked well , does help the small lenght and you can add one more component to your power bar .
this item is top notch and very convenient to use . very happy with it and will be ordering more very soon .
this tool has proved very useful . the securing screws do have to be turned awfully tight , but at this price , i'm not too concerned .
this is a quality product and is the perfect selection if you like a multi-tool and flashlight or a pocket knife .
if you were wanting something other than tape then don't get this , because all it is is clear packing tape that fits tape guns pretty well .
it came with other products and was cracked in the shipment . i didn't bother with a return as it would be more hassle than it is worth .
it looks great ! i am using this in a new office space . the price and the quality are exactly what i needed .
very cheap case , probably not worth keeping , but it did contain the one security bit that i needed.the price is certainly right .
well constructed . lacks a quick release and is suited mostly for craftsmen . if installation is done correctly it will offer a good feature for a small workbench .
decent nail puller . i'm pretty tough on mine and it's held up fine . i like the saw wrench .
does a good job but like the 40 grit discs it loses its velcro stick before its abrasive is worn out .
i should of had one of these years ago , i don't curse at the rubber any more , well worth having one of these in your tool box .
plug one end in outlet attach other to led strips and you have ucl under cabinet lights . low profile so cannot see transformer while standing
nice and heavy construction , have not used yet but i can't wait to use it . very good product for a very good price . will buy again .
great little torpedo level with all the standardangles , pipe angles too . the magnet is very strong ! a + +
feels good in the hand picture of tip on end of handle is nice extra.tips heat treated for hardness.not made in america but appear to be higher quality .
works great . have used it many times . comes with a battery ready to go . would definitely recommend to any woodworker .
i bought this to go with my kreg bandsaw fence , makes fine tuning the fence much easier to do .
these are exactly what i expected . craftsman makes great tools . this set has every sized philips and flat head screwdriver you would realistically need .
after researching the market this is the pump recommended by plumbers . it will work automatically as it , or can be retrofitted to other types of float switches .
it's a unique product and works very well to produce a high shine . great for toys because it's chemically safe .
this glue is the best on the market . i highly recommed it ! titebond , great job and thanks for making this product .
we love using these for our lights at our front door . they are easy to set and very reliable .
does give fair amount of lighting by steps - easy to install - solar panel adjustable for angling twd sun for charging .
easy to use . accurate . better then most competitors on locating risers , as well as cable attached to studs . price is fair .
great for hard to reach areas and for holding things that are not easily accessible . thin enough to get into areas your arm cannot .
i required a mechanical timer , since my switch was a switch leg run and didn't have neutral . this did the job great , no issues at all .
easy to install . i only gave it 4 - stars because 5 means i love it and i try not to get too emotionally involved with inanimate objects
you would think 100 watts would light up a room with the old a bulbs , this does not . but the light is nice and distributes well .
nice and strong . these won't wear out too fast . the backing is very good and lasts long . i'll buy again .
this is a good collection , has everything you could want including a screwdriver small enough to adjust your sunglasses .
this is not long enough . i mean , if you just need a couple of extra feet it will work but 6 ft is surprisingly short .
haven't had them very long yet but so far no problems . i like the feeling of security that i won't lose a finger tip when slicing small items ,
it's hard to get excited about a valve ! it does the job , no complaints from the plumber and the shower and tub work perfectly .
this is a great drill set with all the usual sizes . the bits seem to last forever .
i got this to supplement my flashlight collection . i wanted something bright and long lasting . this is brighter than all my other conventional maglites .
great for solder weldingand i like it . especially for elder people . or poor eyesight . a must have equipment
i use my compact screwdriver every day and having extra rechargeble batteries in my garage and truck keeps me going and going and ...
what's not to love - they are stapels ... lol sure beats pounding nails and i should not run out for quite some time . nice tidy package too .
good , quality mask protects your lungs , your brain and your liver from toxic fumes , dust and other particulates . easy to clean .
used to remove excess grout and mortar between tiles but the blades have to be held perfectly at a 90 degree angle otherwise they shatter .
it works but it's slow and i had to use a lot . and i mean slow as in days with plastic around it to keep it wet .. slow
very flexable , but very soft . if dryer type hose is what your application calls for , this is the stuff for you ...
if you purchase a bulb socket , get this chord to finish off your assm . it works for me and it looks good .
easy to set it up and great range to detect motion and movement . easy to install or mount on the wall.great product
have this product awhile and only lasted about 2 months , the timing was all wrong and bulbs were blowing off and on ...
great product for my rooms to entertain myself or others . love the colors an i can put it any where .
need i say more ? this replaced a 19v sears unit that i loved . this one i love a lot more .
does not match orginal discription , does not screw into light socket , has a different bottem on it , and i cannot find an adapter for it .
arrow as always is quality . i have always enjoyed complete confidence in arrow tools thier accessories are no exception .
i like the work sharp 3000 and this wheel is an addition to the provided wheels .
very good stuff . does all the things it says it does . i use it in cabinet making , hard , doesn't shrink , sands well .
i have owned these clamps for years and they are awesome . the 4 for the price of 3 deal was too good to pass up .
this thing moves some air . i put it in the attic for power ventilation along with a temperature / humidity sensor . works great
works well for a lightweight spare to put in your backpack on hikes . was big enough to kind of sharpen my machete . works better with smaller knives .
like these , easy to install . extends the bed over 12 inches on each side . chrome plated and annodized so hopefully they wont rust .
this is a very well designed utility knife . the price is also good . i have two of these and frequently use them . very durable .
not only do these bulbs burn out quickly , but lately on the news " energy efficient " lightbulbs made in china are causing fires .
it is bright , small , compact and used many times when i lost something in my car at night . its a must for your keychain .
it would not work with my outdoor fixture . evidently i will need to upgrade that so that this can be used .
you likely have never heard of star wrenches as i hadn't either . but for that one time that you'll need them , this set should cover your needs .
wow - i'm finally making furniture ! i feel so great . it's the perfect segue to more complex woodworking skills :)
i've been using it for 3/8 " steel fuel lines , and it works well and makes accurate bends . i fully recommend it .
it's a makita and very nice light and easy to use , i only have makita's now because of the light weight .
very reasonably priced and i feel the best feature is being able to change the light bulb from the open bottom . no tools required to change the bulb !
used with my zoeller 98-001 sump pump , installation was a piece of cake , and so far we are having zero issues with this item .
this flashlight is a little large for a daily carry but performs well given the cost . a quite good homeowner or car flashlight .
i have this product set on auto delivery and it's very convenient.price is good and easy to install . would recommend .
this 24 inch long steel breaker bar was an essential tool for two water heater anode rod replacement jobs yesterday .
feels nice in your hand and works just like it says it will , you can't ask for anything more than that ! ! !
it'll give you a great punch in leather , the plastic orange handles have came loose but is still functional and slide right back into place .
holds corners steady to let the glue dry . easy to remove using the quick release button . built very solid . should last for ever
i tested this for my intended use and it works very well . beams across my front door , so i will know if someone is there .
this is the same water meter used by nearly every water salesman that i've met . seems to read very accurately and the price is right .
just what you need if you go for a walk at night.very nice amount of light output and very sturdy construction .
i had one project for these punches . they worked just fine and the price was right so i got my moneys worth .
use it to repair hardwood flooring mostly . it is really good for that purpose . has good power and a long cord to match
if you need to get your little giant off the glass in extension format , this is it ! do it !
this is not from moen . the word moen is not printed on the knob . it works great , and couple dollars cheaper than home depot .
this worked great with my telescoping multi-ladder ( werner mt - 22 ) . it should fit any extension ladder as long as the steps aren't too wide .
this thing has saved me from having to get help for someone to hold it while i get it from the other side on many occasions . great idea .
i have installed other receptacles , so this was not a challenge . i have charged both phones & tablet successfully . seems well - made .
i can hardly imagine how i spent so many years of my life without one of these . i should have been issued one at age 8 .
set up a cabinet assembly table with these and have been building for two years straight , never any problems , sturdy and dependable .
great product and as you can see from my other rates of frost king products , i love them . works great and saves me money .
i have grown great leafy lettuce as well as a variety of herbs quite successfully with these lights and my electric bills haven't gone off the charts , thankfully !
solder wick & a solder sucker are probably not something everyone needs but they're nice to have for tinkering geeks .
great protection for your outdoor electrical connections . good price and value . good to have ready when you need it in a hurry .
nice little device worked very well in finding the studs in my walls . comfortable grip was an added bonus for the device .
stupid teenagers . why on earth do they bash mailboxes on graduation ? really ? there's gotta be something more fun , like painting or doing homework .
i used several of these plugs on some power strips i installed . they are excellent quality--very durable and easy to install .
transforms electricity from ac to dc . just like the band . works great super low profile . not ul rated though . bummer .
it is what it is ! true to size for holes . good support . best feature is the price compared with local stores !
staple wires without worry of hitting cable . easy to use and protects cable unlink regular staples . local stores not selling these and can be hard to find .
american made carbide cutters so how could you go wrong . good quality with a warranty enclosed . i would buy again .
still working after months of use and charging and recharging have had no complaints they hold their charge pretty well and take charge quickly
this light i am using to camo a iron post that i cannot remove build box around it and mounted light on top . looks better than rusted iron pipe
works exactly as advertised.aquaponics fish tank auto-stop pumping when water is low.very nice and esay to setup , a plastic hook would help .
our built-in drain stopper didn't keep the water in the tub very long . this large flat stopper did the trick . no more short baths .
very light and lovely to see so no problem to wear as keyrings , and it does its job very well with my knives
works great and great price . i recommend this lock . i use this 2 lock several canoes together also may other uses .
nice magnifying glass with the helping hands.comes in handy when you are working on something small and need more than twohands .
top quality material , well thought through design . supper handy tool in countless situations . don't see how anyone can give it a rating less than 5 stars
fine adjustment with a handle is huge , and it easily stores away too . holds things at any angle and is the perfect compliment to the jawhorse itself .
works as advertised .. the automatic mode is the best , adjusts for dst and turns the light on off with sunrise and sunset instead of preset times
4 out of 5 stars because they're shipped in a small envelope with very little protection . luckily they survived the trip and work in my landscape lights .
i'd buy these again in a minute . i wanted to more oblique angle these bits offer than the standard offerings . nice clean holes .. no--skip :-)
these sanding sponges are really useful to have around , and allow a much more consistent and controllable result with less hassle than paper .
working great for me . remember to never touch a halogen bulb with bare fingers , they react negatively to skin oils . you will have a catastrophic failure .
nice set of tools . resistant and strong . have other pliers and these ones came to complete the tools i have at home .
i was glad when i found this pail with a handle on the side . it makes small painting jobs easy and mess free .
much better than waiting on a cheaper gun to heat up and being stuck with limited tip options . the gun is heavy , but still easy to use .
i got this set to use with my lathe and it's works great , the shield is clear , and it fits nice .
used these as a buffer while wearing a splint for a few months . comfortable and easy to wash . it out lasted the splint .
item performs as expected for a $ 100 tool accessory . would consider purchasing again if there were a need for another .
these are small channel locks but they are built with the precision of a quality , full sized tool . i am very happy with the purchase .
i have purchased the generic batteries in the past and they do not seem to last compared to the oem's .
great functional tool .. has everything i need with the leatherman quality i am used too . easy access to all tools .. awesome love it ..
will be used - - is a backup for now . i am still using the one that came with the black & decker navigator saw .
this 60t finish blade has provided quality cut on all the high grade woods i used it on , oak , popular , walnut , etc .
use it for all kind of trim work , wonderful nailer for small trim or holding stuff in place to glue or use bigger nailer .
this little thing works great for the intended purposes . don't think you are going to sweat pipe but it works great for electronics .
one word ... stanley ! can't get better than that ! it works great and is tough and survived the rigors of the desert !
very heavy duty extension cord that works great for my air compreeor that is out in my carport where there is no outlets
i found the quality and price a must buy . you can't get this price at the home improvement store .
exactly what i needed . has all the 1/4 sockets and extensions that i need . i would recommend this tool set .
great tape to have in your tool box . i use it to make sure the connections in my beer kegs aren't leaking and are secure .
needed sanding disks and these were the best i have found and use on projects . do not wear out quickly and the price is right .
fit three different guns making them inoperable . that's what they are suppose to do . easy to use and come with identical keying .
light and portable - works great - not as much light as the 2 d but a really good light
i love this bungee cord . it has the easiest adjustment mechanism i have used , and i will never go back to the cheap bungee cords again .
this is one light that i purchased as a gift for christmas and my son-in-law loves it . it is getting quite a workout .
wire strippers work great when you get them adjusted correctly . much easier to strip wire with these then the old fashioned wire strippers .
if you own one of the new kwikset door locks , this is a must have . all together in one package . thank you very much ...
keep my jumper cables and a few tools in my truck , nice and handy , very heavy duty , good quality product .
the shield offers excellent protection when using a grinder . unfortunately for me it often fogs up . much harder to missplace than safety glasses .
great product ! easy to mount ; very stable ; excellent quality ; and operates smoothly . well worth the money .
works a lot better than a screwdriver and other assorted tools . makes the job removing and installing the siding so much easier .
looking for something to replace my 25 year old makita . this hitachi has great control and all the torque you need .
bosch hs1425 sds-plus shank hammer steel - 1-1 / 2 - inch x 10 - inch is a heavy piece of hardware and does the job . self sharpening ?
much brighter than the standard incandescent bulb used in 2 - cell flashlights ! a must for the flashlight kept in the car for emergencies .
these are great / the medium and large ones are very useful and all very well made and sturdy and well priced .
this is a high quality tool . definitely very useful . i don't know why we have not seen similar products from other manufacturers .
i use these all the time thought the 1 1/4 ones were great but on 2 x 4 , s they be great
if you a arch window its easy to use . you need someone to help but you could put it up in five minutes
unless you need are in some special work environment , this multitool works great for most generic jobs . wish it came with a pouch though .
a simple and inexpensive way to increase your visibility and safety while biking at night . fits over my thick winter jacket . i am pleased with this purchase .
came fast well packed mixed well went on great make sure you read it well so you don't muss it up , went on easy and it worked .
the dividing pockets are a hindrance and could be replaced with a simpler setup which would fit the tools better .
i have used channellock crimpers for a few years now and found that they hold up great and perform as good as more expensive brands .
i love this set . works great , hasn't broken , fits other bits , looks cool . good weight . great value . buy again . etc .
another accessory for my k4ms . i have used this more often . i wish they have 15 & 30 degree slots in addition to 45 degree .
the diablo 80 tooth crosscut saw blade is being used on a 12 " ridgid contractors miter saw . the blade cuts with a fine finish and is durable .
ideal for wall mounting placks and trophies and frames . well constructed and strong . have mounted many items using this item .
these bits are just right for the kreg screws i use a lot . it is nice to have the shorter bit for tighter spaces .
these wood lathe chisels are really nice for the price . they are nicer than i expected and are great quality .
can be setup in 30min once familiar with the manual.works reliable so far , got 3 to replace old chain drive type , lots more quiet .
great filter and no yucky smell . filter works awesome with 3m p100 mask and replacements are inexpensive . i would recommend this product .
perfect fit right out of the box and very secure . priced right compared to competitors . i have yet to be disappointed with dewalt products .
hands down , best jig saw you can buy . nothing else to be said .
this little device expertly holds sharpening stones steady while you sharpen your knives , easy to flip stones for different grit sharpening .
i bought two sets of these for less than $ 4 at lowe's on clearance . they were only $ 7.90 regular price .
these are a very well made product with an impressive price and even more impressive lifetime warranty . very happy with these .. thanks ! !
did what i needed when changing a radiator for a pretty decent price . not much more i would ask . amazon likes more words .
this is just the thing for sharpening tools like axes . cuts fast and gets the nicks out .
simple to use and a must have unless you want you fan to work all the time . well worth the cost .
this is a very well built , well engineered item . the light is very , very bright in a dark house . money well spent !
large bar about 7 inches long . arrived fast and wrapped in bubble wrap . should last a long time . i recommend .
great engraver . the only problem is that it has a cord but it works great . i use it often and the price was right .
got this for a friend and he is in love of this sae set . a great buy and gift for engineering graduates .
these work well and i have had no problems . super deal . get one ! i love the set of four , not just one or two .
standard towel bar . i personally had trouble installing it but thats because of how my walls were . now that it's up i really like it
got 9 of these circulating around . you can't beat them for the price ! ! ! really bright and i've never had a problem with any of them .
lasted over a year , no complaints in my main reading light . wish they lasted years , but they don't . no complaints
use them daily . strong and durable . much better than almost all flat bars i've used . never had one bend on me .
i have these detectors in every room of my home , except the bathrooms . they simply work as advertised and the price is very reasonable .
this is one of the few remote controlled devices that actually works at a reasonable long distance . it works reliably for me .
this is a very modern unit , works great and has an excellent range . i would recommend this unit . honeywell is outstanding
this is a fine product , very solid , with a 3/8 square drive tip . this is good for tight spaces and where some leverage is required .
i bought this for use with my rain water collection system so i can water my greenhouse plants in the spring . it's very durable and flows very nicely .
i have been using cheep paddle drills for too long . the better ones by dewalt are worth it .
such a nice feeling to know i have this to keep water supply in emergency . never knew it existed - wow grweat
works flawlessly , no spin out , just wait until you here the click and your on your way , much better than the dewalt .
sorry we didn't buy more at the time . i should have bought some for gifts . it is a great smoke and carbon monoxide alarm and it talks .
the dowel / tennon centering set works as advertised . i don't use it often but it solves the problem of aligning dowels and tennons ..
this is the perfect tool for destruction jobs . i used it to desmantle a house i flipped and it works incredible . would recommend
it is an average price filter and does an adequate job of filtering the dust . i would buy it again
the tool is very basic and good for light work . it gets the job done but not meant for a workshop but more the home hobbyist .
no complaints with this order . i ordered them because the multimeter i bought only had pointy leads , and these are helpful for hands-free measurement
i looked everwhere for this type of replecement bulb for my desk lamp ; found it here and was shipped sturdy and continues working well past 2 years .
great price for this brand and quality . owned several other brands and they do not stand up to this one .
this is a very good price for a quality locking plier set . everyone should have a set like this . excellent value .
this set is fairly small and is for really rough rasping . i would spend a little more for a better set .
six inch set of slip joint pliers make all jobs easier to complete . these are stanley so are well constructed and last forever
works perfectly and solved my conventional surge strip problem . good spacing between outlets for wall warts . ears on each end so it can be easily wall mounted .
have been using screwdriver to strip parts cars for months and it works great after lots of use and abuse .
great batteries , last longer than most . you get what you pay for . great price and love the fact that they last a long time .
this one went into my girlfriends ' zombie kit ' . love the concept , and it was executed very well . you can never have too much cordage !
with this 13 - piece shank set any one would be happy to recieve it as a gift , or maybe one for our own personal use .
my other shower door was broken , not sliding at allso i went ahead and ordered this sliding tub shower door replacement.fixed it quick . good as new
this battery system takes a lot of weight off the unit and have about 20 minute service time , very satisfied .
i don't know what i and my guys would do without having this for our finish work in remodeling places . it so convenient and the price is right .
these goggles do a phenomenal job at blocking blue light.they are also quite durable , and fit well over prescription glasses .
easy to program and install . it's the only opener that will work with my very old door opener and the price is reasonable .
perfect for searching for lost items or clearly seeing odd ball items on the ground . very nice case and unit seems to be well built .
will never use another sandpaper , cheap price for sandpaper and a good value . don't hesitate to use .
for a guy who has prescription glasses these are a must . much more covetable then the ones job sites hand out
i use this charger routinely and it has always worked the way it is supposed to . time will tell regarding durability .
great ratchets and sockets set . very durable and much more pleasing to use than the original sets . loved the universital feeling and ease .
just the item i needed to replace two of my portable drill batteries that were over two years old . a good price .
this kit is necessary item to hook up the tankless rheem tankless water heater . they make hooking it up easy .
great add on to my leaterman wave ... great quality that i am used too from leatherman . would recommend this to any leatherman tool owner .
what you see is what you get - though it would be better if the case was more durable and suitable for lt storage ...
the uvex s8555 bionic shield replacement lens provides great visibility due to its very large viewing area and excellent clarity .
ordered it for electronics work but overlooked that it was 2 " so i added it to my mechanics toolbox and ordered an ullman for my electronics kit .
melts well , flows well , dries quick - this solder is quality stuff and makes working on any small connections a breeze .
i've had great experience , overall , with incra products . this one is no exception.as they say , you can pay more , but you won't get more .
its bright , zoom is handy , it works with regular battery so you don't have to be worry about 3.7 aa weird battery .
good way to maintain a decent stock of rings and solve those problems when you don't have an oem o'ring .
excellent product , works well , turns easily and i have used these in many self made jigs . they will last forever and probably out last me .
this is a huge ripoff , although the unit works great and is very quiet , please buy it at the store , or even homedepot.com
i chose this knob for the contemporary styling and satin nickel finish , the cost of 25 knobs was 75 % less than at a big box store .
i really like these . i wore my first one out and it finally broke but i like it so much i bought another
it puts off light and makes it easy to see things that would other wise be too dark to see .
this provides useful information . very versatile . but the case is flimsy and hard to shut the battery case . i had to tape it shut .
light weight , easy to move around , sturdy and stable . nice platform . i feel secure on it , and a reasonable price.whats not to like ?
good selection of blades . bosch products are generally good quality . theses performed well cutting materials i had touse them on .
these batteries are recent manufacture and all tested full charge on the meter . i would definitely buy again . much better value than buying at the local store .
very convienent and easy to use . set up was easy and doorbell is quite loud to be heard on two floors . range seems to be reasonable .
easy set up and installation . " on light " can only be seen by looking at it directly from the front . weak alarm sound .
need one to start turning my longer vessels on my lathe and it works just great . great price and valuable item to have .
not much review is needed on an item like this . it serves its purpose and works as i would expect it to .
great price on amazon . unit is well built and easy to install with excellent instructions . exhausts really well , looks good and provides plenty of light .
i like the battery tester on this unit comes in handy . it holds a good amount of batteries and best one on amazon for the price
great led bulb for the price . brought nice light to the inside of our big barn . hope that it lasts as long as they promise !
almost all of the o-rings are the same diameter , so the kit as inclusive as it is , leaves plenty of sizes to be desired lol .
i like the product i have purchased numerous one of them and they all seem to have a short life recommended for household with younger children for temperature control
this is nice to have , esp if you carry around a lot of screws , etc .
purchased these about 3 years ago as a part of our office crisis plan . they work great and have continued to work like-new during our crisis drills
works well . sort of odd having to press ' 0 ' to open , but , it is what it is . let's see how long it lasts .
another top-notch item from magswitch . really improves safety on a table saw , jointer and bandsaw . great design .
standard mig pliers , work as they should . nice enough construction and price for what is essentially a consumable tool .
way better and much brighter than the incandescent lamp . it does not allow much focus though . it is a broad beam source and close to white light .
i bought this to do a little maintenance work on two laptops . it worked out wonderfully . my favorite part is the ratcheting screw driver . very handy .
not the prettiest but does job specially for bedroom behind the bed or living room behind thesofa is a good gadget
you have to break off a finger nail if you want to get out a tool from the dime mirco tool . and from gerber no less .
works well . very happy with it . does what i need doing . one item i use the most often , great , ok .
gives better perspective than a tape measure and is a bit more versatile for some applications , i would recommend the product .
i like the makita tools but the battery always went out . replacing battery every three months is annoying . this drill does the job but battery sucks .
these are excellent for clamping the hoses on my dust control system , you do not need a tool to tighten the clamps on the hoses great product
i am very happy with this purchase . the bag is very well made and holds all of my wrenches securely . i highly recommend this tool bag .
it took all of 30 minutes to install these on two commodes with only a flat screwdriver and small channel locks . works great !
i have a ceiling fan that uses chandelier bulbs so i bought these to convert to regular bulbs . i got them in on time and they fit perfectly .
used to install vinyl plank flooring , worked well and helped with sealing the seams , almost a necessity for do-it yourselfers like me .
you can get by with a screwdriver or tack remover , but this is enough better that i bought a second after misplacing my first one .
now that i finally found the right size pentalobe screwdriver i was able to replace the broken back on my iphone.good product , good price , fast arrival .
i would have to say i have no complaints , lights seem to be a good quality so far . great price . shipped well . good purchase
i hate these they burnt out with in a few months when they did work they were bright and nice
design and installation were great . price is fair , sometimes you can do better at a big box store . test button is plenty loud .
this is the best flashlight i own hands down . the brightness : size ratio is astounding . the light is quality as is the holster .
i use this gauge to test fuel pressure in supply lines and it is very stable . i bought two of them and am very happy with their performance .
well constructed cloth bag for heavy duty jumper cables . a very good replacement for the clear plastic bag that came with the cables .
a great product . does what it says it does and could not be any better . thank you so much . will buy from again .
too bad this product cannot work with plaster walls , because it is the greatest thing with drywall . why didn't i think of this .
this beats any rotary tool i have used . light and easy to stay in the grove with it . quiet motor easy to change bits or tools .
this bar is different than the old conventional pry bars of the past.that being said i have use it several times and it works good in different angles .
a great price on good quality bulbs , can't beat the deal . stock up before they're illegal to sell . you won't be sorry
it's a mallet , you bang on things with it . i got it for automotive work like whacking parts to make them go without leaving hammer dents .
bought this to properly install my tow hitch . worked great , and i know i will be using it again in the near future ...
is exactly what it's supposed to be . a a a a a a a a a a a a a aa a a a a a
this item works fine . i also found a newspaper article in pa showing this item and how it saved lives .
like everything else kreg sells this is a very over priced add on that should have come on the router table its self when it was purchased .
this fan can move a lot of air which is what we were in search of . it is quiet , non wobbly and a great value !
this is a good quality , compact light . i toss it in my travel bag for every trip . battery life is good and light intensity is adjustable .
it surprised me how well it worked being so flimsy . it solved an airflow problem in a bedroom floor vent .
wore out my old set . this set makes a nice replacement set . they are well made accurately sized and priced right .
it takes bosch template guides which click in , rather than screw in guides for other routers . harder to use and more time consuming than bosch unit .
i am very impressed with less battery drain better light output over the original led replacements to say the least ! ! 500 lumen outputis truly impressive ! ! !
klien seems to make the tools that will last longer than others out there . this was a great price compared to home depot and lowes .
i use these at my local demon worshipping meetings , we hold them up and point the way to the river styx . they are great !
it's very long , and very nice . the plastic allen screws do not scratch the miter slots .
if you have any pets and allergies , then this is definitely for you . it has helped keep my wife's allergies in check .
the product was as advertised . product arrived in excellent condition , thanks to good packaging . and yes , i would recommend this product to my friends .
this drill is great , powerful and has 2 batteries for great and easy use . this id the best drill i ever invested in .
good product overall , sturdy and simple to use . nothing more to say about this product . recommend , cheap and quality is good .
it's almost faster than my circular saw . i'll never need another one . very heavy duty.very happy with the deal .
perfect for safely using single edge r = blades for domestic chores - - like cleaning a glass top stove--came in a short time
i have four of these light fixtures installed on my new exposed porch . they look amazing . i got good amount of compliments from visitors .
very powerful and bright . seems really well made . strong belt clip for retention . nice ergonomically . positive click switch on tail end
used with mi-casa verde and also with nexia . both work well . no issue with it thus far . connect easy with both .
great tool for soldiering and holding wires while you work . it helps with seeing the items by the magnifying glass but it could use a bigger magnifying .
very realistic and enough to do a large fireplace . the embers have a beautiful glow and make a huge difference to enhance the gas logs .
it was not bright enough for what i needed . it was a good deal for the price and would work well for walkways .
i'm new to the use of lutron , but i'm very pleased with their quality product . it was easy to install , and works flawlessly .
works well , the flame seems to not be consistent all around and i have to leave it on the lowest setting at all times , but it works .
this flashlight is light weight and easy to carry . it is bright even on the lower setting . i highly recommend it .
this product works great , just as advertised . using it made build up on my welding tips and nozzle non existent .
it's a light bulb ? do i really need to say more ? it turns a bright hue when 110v is applied to it via the electrical grid .
this set of bits is not for stainless steel.other brands do fine with stainless steel . thesedon't . text text
this kit is a nice cheap way to make anything into a lamp . it does require some extra parts in some cases but overall it works well
second fridge filter i bought and i have no complaints . i definitely will continue getting these just to save a few bucks each year .
substantial tool , well made and bright yellow which prevents running it over with the lawn mower and other stupid stunts . good buy .
very solid , very bright . works well . light cant be focused but puts out a decently long beam length nonetheless .
extremely bright and long lasting . quality is great ! i've used it many times since it goes with me everywhere ( keychain )
i've used this model a lot for shingling etc . has a high cfu which means it can keep up with nearly anything you're doing .
i haven't used this clamp yet on a project , but i know it will come in handy when i do .
good selection of grits , but the loop fabric is very light on the back of the disks and fails before the grit does
the only objection is that it is a little heavy for someone my age ( 75 ) . however , the other features more than offset the weight issue .
product description : " 1/8 " shank , 2 class diamond titanium coating " product image also suggests this , the ones i received do not have titanium coating .
this item is harder to turn then i would have expected . but it is ideal for setting up your cuts .
upon delivery , i test each of the lightbulbs i purchase from amazon . every bulb works and i expect each one will perform as expected . i recommend .
wish i had ordered with the draw string thugh butthan that is my fault and not the companies , it is good quality and a great buy
was as advertised . i mounted on a wall and so far pleased with it . drawers are flexible plastic and should last a long time .
very happy with this purchase .. good value and very good quality . would definitely recommend this item to anyone needing to purchase something similar
nice and sharp , these nippers work exactly like we needed and do the job well . what more can you ask ?
sharp metal clamp in slots . hold wrenches almost to tight .. very nice though . i bought the plastic version from another place and it just bends ..
this is a wonderful level : well-made and accurate . the only thing i'd like to see added are rulers on each side for easy measurement .
this is the safest way to split a 30 amp outlet . combine it with a triple outlet and your set . good find and would recommend it !
i'm giving this a low rating and i won't buy weller again.the problem is the tiny , vulnerable power cord.it makes this a throw away tool .
an oscillating saw does things no other tool will . and this one is more than up to tasks around the house .
i saw this light in a current home repair magazine . it was recommended . i bought it . i love the very small size .
this is a genuine goodyear product . the hose is sturdy but flexible and there are no leaks . the couplings work well . no issues .
just the right amount of spring tension on these delicate pliers . the hand grips have a nice feel and distinctive color which makes them easy to spot .
good hidden storage space ; looks completely natural on the bookshelf , because it * is * two books hooked together with storage carved into them .
i received my level without one end protection ; now i have to take care of the level end to not damage it
hooked this up in my garage for an exhaust vent . used only a couple of times and burnt out . junk
i need to cover my nose due to my allergies and these work out very well . simple and effective and gets the job done .
without youuuuu ! ! no really ! caaaaaan't stay a minute without this multitool ! i am sure i can even used it in deep space !
for the price these can't be beat ! fit nice and don't hurt ears even after extended use . recommended for medium noises .
i bought it as a set , the it has all the pieces needed to connect the hose to my compressor .
when i open it it was hard.after i added water i could use about 3/4 of it . not sure how well it will kold up / last ...
the light is acceptable . it is not as bright as advertised but a value for the price . materials are very good .
received on time and product was as expected . packaged well . i assume they all will work as i bought them to have when i needed them .
energizer batteries always work well for me . i recommend these . work great and they last longer than other battery companies .
this compound put a nice mirror finish to the honed edge to my knives . i'm sure it will work for other metal polishing work .
this was the second bulb the first one broke during shipping , the didn't pack this one any differently but it was ok and works .
if you work with wood and need a good , dependable , and waterproof glue , look no further . sticky sticky sticky sticky
very easy to use , just place it on the wall and move around until the magnet attaches itself . very easy to carry around in the toolbox !
bought this fro my son-in-law and he loves every tool he gets and was thrilled with this one also . thanks
this is a great item helps alot on setting screws with out breaking them off , doubles well as a tip holder as well
need this for my pocket screw jig system . could use a little further reach but this will work fine with the system i have .
looks like a good piece . haven't had opportunity to use it yet ( working on another project ) . should help with the small pieces .
great tool for almost every time u need a pry bar . very durable and handy when needed and doesn't take up too much tool box space .
everything you'll need to perform a professional installation , quality parts , very highly recommended , all you'll need is some teflon tape for the filter connections
does what it does . this is a must if you have the plunge base for the colt palm router . yup
bought because of revies all reviews were right it is great high quality strong and easy to coil back up as others said highly recommended
i upgraded to these , and i love them . i breathe so much better . it is nice to know that it is getting things cleaner .
used to attach hose mount on outside of house . regular drill bits don't work , these masonry bits did . the set gives you most common sizes .
a very nice decent quality flashlight that i cant complain about over all well worth the price and seems good so far
works well . very fast . always have a charged battery even when you are using two battery powered tools to work with at the same time .
have had this item for over 12 months . no complaints . works as described , its light and stable and easy to fold and unfold
these various little belts worked appropriately for the purpose as designed . only needs little pressure to achieve optimum objective for a sharp edge .
we use it to make sure things are clean , also for educational purposes.fun to turn out the lights and see what glows ! !
i am finding more ways to use this light than i ever thought i would . i wish i would have bought it sooner .
great light for the money , very tough , simple design and very bright . only con would be the price of the batteries
best sand paper i've ever used , does not clog up and cuts really fast .
powerful impact . will do about anything you want from a cordless tool . heavy built yet easy to handle . rocker switch for quick foreward and reverse .
there's not much to say about it ! it works , t's small , it's accurate and it stay's where you put it ! !
this item is exactly the same thing that comes on the drill dr i got . it works great and last a long time !
this item works perfect for me keeping my hand unharmed during masonery projects , need to buy the whole set from stanley .
pretty strong , easy to use , has the right attachements but it could be stronger . i guess it is as strong as the price will buy you
i had one of these professionally installed and it worked for about 30 days . the power outlets still work , but the usb outlets are dead .
i have used my se mh1047l illuminated multipower led binohead magnifier and it was well worht the money i spent . thanks , grace .
some good tips in this video presentation . the video includes some helpful tips that can be used on other projects .
guess i did not realize that they were quite so small but i should have had a clue by the description , showing 3/4 " .
dewalt rocks . their products are well made , they hold up and they're not priced too expensively . i'd buy them in a heartbeat .
well packed so it was protected from breakage works well projects heat well to keep things nice and warm will buy again
these have gone up in price since i bought one . nice mask and it does the job . fits good too .
i purchased this along with a new wall socket . works , fits , no complaints . would buy another if i need one .
although don't need as many of these , i have several 3 way lights , and i am stockpiling incandescent bulbs for future use !
works great for steel when used in a drill press . in a hand held drill on wood it makes a mess . wobbles everywhere .
this is my 3rd pair of mecanix wear gloves and they are great . not too bulky so they have a great tactile fit & feel .
a unique style of vise grips that provides a firm grips on pipes and other curved surfaces . locking mechanism is solid and teeth are machined well .
i have done some serious yanking with these suckers , and the hooks haven't bent and they are still connected to the handle ... nuff said ...
i got this for electric throws for the couch in the livingroom . the plug its an outlet at at angle to free up space for other plugs .
anything from key smoothing , to fineinstrument cleaning , to various firearmparts , this is an excellent tool to have.use it all the time .
the positive review are true . while this may not be the most " wow " tool you'll ever own , it is pretty slick .
removes the frustration of changing router bits on a porter and cable 3-1 / 4 hp table mounted router . i'm using on a cast iron router table .
it feels very solid , i love the grip , and the extender feels solid and well built . i also love that it easily fits in my toolbox .
this setup is amazing , the power of this thing is unreal , i flush cut 1 1/2 ' " oak with it and it just kept on running
i own quite a few different channellock pliers . these are my most used , they are great . i highly recommend them .
bought this for the little kids . the time function is a great battery saving idea . light is very bright and easy to use .
i loaned this heat gun out to my son and he said it worked great . he's quite picky , so i'm anxious to try it myself .
good durable quality hose at a great price . yellow is much easier to see than black . plan on getting a second .
hope i never need them but keep them for when the shtf . a little lighter then i expected but the grip and blade are nice .
i installed this on my garage sliding door . works very well . an added security for the garage . installation is easy and simple . price is good .
i bought them so i can get the free shippin but it turns out i needed them the next day after recieving them . they work great !
great organizer , brooms , mops , dust pans etc , its all up and out of the way , works durable , great price .. quality item .
this is the only brand i trust from just word of mouth . i use it on gaskets and seals from marine to auto . never had any issues .
i like this low profile yellow bulb , i use it in my little lamp next to my bed . highly recommend !
so far so good . this thing is super compact , super light and super quiet . perfect for cabinet installation which is what i'm using it for .
you need to fuel them . this for the price is a great measure for those of us who are too damn lazy to mind our charging cycles .
this fan was great for the bathroom . nice quiet sound . really moves steam out of the bathroom . i am using two .
throws a nicely proportioned beam . since they are visible in the center island of my garden it matters that they have a sturdy-looking character
what's not to like . well made , handy compartments , super price . get a few , for tools , car , office .
wanted a grown-up flashlight , this one almost there . not the throw or brightness i was expecting . nice that it has rechargeable batteries
does exactly what i thought it would . it adds a nice glow to my front walk and even looks pretty in the daylight .
i use this for sanding fiberglass on my surfboard and it is super awesome for getting it nice and flat
fit my lava lamp perfectly . have been turning it on and off for a few months now and works as any bulb should .
wow ! ! ! i am very happy with this purchase . the opening and closing is smooth and exact . i am very happy .
this pack is well-made and offers all the sizes you're likely to need . recommended for all projects around the home or business .
thus far i am most satisfied . the item works as it should , and i hope it continues to do so !
great and easy to use foil tape product . a must have for every household . i have found many used for this great foil tape .
this drill is very nice , it recharged fairly quickly and has never failed at any job i used it on . highly recommend
i use my tools quite a bit and depend on good tools . these are worth the money .
ok this item was what i was looking for for my application for wood working and it came in handy and was easy to use
this is a very nice chuck and well worth the cost , no more looking for the little wrench when changeing the bits . i recommend !
great paste use very little with very big results ! ! ! this stuff is so good you can even use tiny amounts for stropping ! !
i should have bought one sooner . the time it saves more than pays for itself ! as a retiree and maker of custom furniture i recommend this product .
my husband needed one or two of these bags for tools or small treasures for computers or something . he's very happy with his purchase .
great saw ilove everything about it4 stars only because i always felt the front knob was to exposedand would eventually get bent in my truckother than that perfect saw
i love this item . very realistic flame imitation . stays on a long time . nice storage / charging station . great price as well .
seemed like a reasonable price at the time . bought them expecting to hold down a cloth shield over the motor home .
the casement tool is a time saver , especially if you don't do this type of work for a living . excellent tool for the handy man .
the 4 " connection is at right angles to the floor and should be angled . holding and using the sweep is ackward .
love the outdoor lights and i'm very please and 100 % would recommend these lights to anyone thinking about buying them . 100 % please
not all 3 way cfls work very well , but this is great ! ! ! works even on some very old lamps we have .
this is a good product.not as good as the first flip and drive set dewalt made , but it works for me .
these are way more comfortable and don't fog up like your normal safety glasses . they are a little big for my face type though .
my kidde model is beeping all the time even though there is no source of carbon monoxide . my other unit is quiet . i am replacing the kidde
these are great ! brilliance matches my other incandescents , there is almost no delay when turning them on . i don't mind burning these lights at all .
this gadget is perfect for my bug-out back pack ... lightweight and functional in the simplist form ... i couldn't be happier with my purchase .
fairly easy to snap together and hold medium size cords . have not been able to test bad weather with them yet , haven't had any .
should come with the purchase or the router table but oh no its an add on to this very over priced router table .
takes a little patience to level to the table , but a little extra time here will pay off later . good solid base for mounting .
i gave a set of these glasses to a friend and he loves them .
what can i say . it was easy to install and it works as advertised . i am ordering more in a couple days .
nice smooth operation , nice packaging . looks very professional . i would recommend it and it seems sturdy . that's it , thats it .
this stand provides a very stable platform and is easy to use . i especially like the decrease space when storing my saw . definitely the cats meow !
this is a great accessory for the new impact drivers that are becoming very popular . this set is well constructed and comes in a handy compact case .
it took just a few minutes to program this product , and it works better than the original craftsman door opener . i would recommend this product to everyone .
tried to follow package directions carefully but could not get the cleaning results i wanted on my gutters before repainting . had to resort to other methods .
this meter is a fast way to see if your ro purifier needs servicing . can't ask for better for the price .
very good product and the price was good . work buy again also fast shipping . very flexible belts to sharpen about anything . including gut hooks .
simple tool does the job intended only used it once but it seems plenty sturdy and balanced . good enough for me .
this is a very good blade . it is quiet and cuts really nice . freud saw blades really are good ones . i highly recommend it .
i have a hot water heater that hides in a closet and is seldom looked at . now i don't have to worry about missing a leak .
great all different sizes and easy to use ... price was right and the service great ! ! ! all in one box great buy ! ! !
i haven't measured these pegboards yet but they are about a foot and a half wide and about 2 feet long . not very large . i won't buy again
i have used this both on my table saw and my router table . it is accurate and the magnets on the bottom make it really easy to use .
not much for me to say--i needed a drill , and this works well . black & decker is a reputable brand .
this recoil air hose works great for me because i usually have to work in small spaces and the larger non-recoiling hoses get in the way ...
i miss the original version of this glove . the new design is smaller ( had to buy a size larger ) and is less flexible than the original .
charged up nice , holds a charge . much cheaper than oem so i am happy . i'm actually planning on getting another just to have two batteries .
we have this faucet installed for about two months now and no issues at all . the hardware and accessories supplied are very good in quality .
i live in an older home and i like the heavy duty features and the look . it is made to last and easy access to replace the bulb .
is a fantastic tool , i highly recommend it , it is strong and durable and can handle almost any task in either metal or wood
flat as my indicator can measure , works great with my height gage . just the right size and weight for my use ..
we use this sharpener on all our knives and love it . quick and efficient . it is nice to have sharp tools again !
it is what it is - it works as expected - can't get overly excited ... it's a 1/4 " collet
purchased this set to use with my old workmate . after 15 years , some had broken and needed replacement.item was packed well and shipped promptly .
does exactly what it claims . found review in recent issue of handyman magazine . cures toilet seats from slipping . installation was very easy .
great tool for the price . love the craftsmanship making it a great investment for the price . a must have for every tradesman .
i am using three ( 3 ) of these fixtures with 7,000 k led 4 watt mr16 lights to light my flag . they are doing a great job !
i love that these are made right here in the usa and yet are a good price . of course the quality is top notch .
i needed these in a bad way . had to back a stripped screw out . guess what , it worked . a must have
i really like this sander ! ! ! it is lighter in weight , easier to adjust and easier to change belts than the old craftsman sander it replaced .
does a very good job when i am sanding , painting and prevents fog up of my glasses while i work .
typical sanding disk . nothing else will do the job . these are much better than the dewalt ones , they seem to load slower and smear finish less .
just what i was searching for . it's a nice warm light but not as warm and yellow as a standard incandescent bulb . works well .
you can find these anywhere . they are handy for getting liquid solder off printed circuit boards and component leads . easy to use , easy to clean .
great battery , just remember this is not the same size as a aa battery . make sure your device uses this size .
one of the few remotes that actually work for my older gene door opener . i have whole collection of remotes and this one finally works .
this was bought at a fair price and was very easy to install . very loud and an inexpensive way to protect your home from water damage .
this is a great saw at a nice price . it has lots of power , is easy to adjust , and comes in a sturdy carry case .
i am not a carpenter , but these bits are pretty good for what i needed . they drill ... what more can i say ?
bought this size bag for my son-in-law , he has many bags but never this sized one so he loves it
this really works to show you the center of the studs without missing ... i've never had good luck with any other devices meant to accomplish this task .
these screwdrivers are good quality for the money . i have used them many times and highly recommend them for handyman use .
simply the best saw i have ever used . it is well balanced and light . every one on my crew fights over this saw .
i have trtied other glass cutters and never been able to cut glass easily until now . this baby works like a charm !
great organizers ! easy to install on pegboard ... and they come in different sizes too ! planning on ordering more cuz i'm not done organizing all my stuff !
this thing sucks ... and sucks and sucks and sucks and sucks ... great vac ! ! !
kind of flimsy and junky . i returned it and bought the gq gmc - 300 . it is a much better unit . i'm much happier now .
this does not make me forget about the sponge , but it helps clean the tips and i am glad i got it .
i love this bits they aren't to expensive and really solid they cut really well when i use them and them come in a great case
painfully bright light yet amazingly small and lightweight . do not point at wife - will get very mad at you .
they are great for a high mounted fan . i haven't been using the fan for cooling lately so i can't vouch for the filament's resistance to vibration .
i installed it in 10 minutes and programmed it in 5 minutes . it replaced a 20 yr old timer that never worked .
this is the cheap and versatile version of much more expensive clamps that can be found on the market . i should have bought more of them .
this puts out as much light as an overcast day at midnight . batteries last about 10 hours and fade into obscurity . oh well ...
essential tool for drilling in screws . dewalt makes a good product ; i bought this and use it with my electric dewalt drill .
this armorall vacuum is perfect for small spaces like around my wood working shop . it gets rid of excess sawdust and debris quickly and relatively quietly .
great value , solid product . the wrap / casing is actually useful too . came oily upon arrival - not a bad thing .
i have this in my range bag for my guns when i go shooting . nice size and bright . very convenient .
i use this on my random orbit spindle / belt sander , it cleans the belt right up ! this is going to save money in the long run .
the dust hood was exactly what i expected , was packed well and delivered as promised--thank you . bogie sends
i also love the storage handle for the razor blades . simple and easy to use . uses razor blades that are common .
why buy 1 battery when you can get 2 for just a few cents more . great battery with fast charge time .
no more piping bag tips sneaking into the disposal and then getting crushed . that was the main reason i got this , and it is very nice .
i have this tool and use it regularly . it's as good as more expensive models . i love it .
i tried and looks sturdy and dependable . did some of my belts . also use before riveting several items . works like a charm
it is as good as the kit i previously reviewed . i use this size most often , therefore i keep several on hand .
anyone can spend $ 12.00 at harbor freight and buy a pot metal torque wrench . this wrench is heavy duty and worth the extra cost !
as many times as i tried , it still leaked a lot . i was really disappointed because nelson products are usually great .
this little guy works great . i lost my original for the bathroom sink and decided to try this one . i am very happy with it .
its not what i was thinking of , the drills came in a very simple case made of scrap material , its not g
i order these blades to go with the new saw . the blades are good but you have to be very careful because they will bend easily .
this gauge works like a charm and easily moves from plank to plank . well worth the money .
this was the kit i needed to take apart hard drives . i bought several other kits but they were too big but these were just the right size .
this little milwaukee radio puts out some great music that can fill your whole room ... with the adjustable bass and truble i use it every day .
have 2 cats and a dog , all of which seem to enjoy wrecking the slider sceen . no more problems with holes and tears !
i have only used one so far . seem just as bright at the 6 watt ones . no problems so far .
this item is very hard to find in my area . was glad to find it on amazon . it will do six full sized windows easily
these detectors were easy enough to set up and use . the instructions are good , and it is definately worth the cost to have some peace of mind .
takes the guess work out of pressing the sharkbites onto tubing , and when you're using unmarked / unlined pex like tubing
great stuff . it works like it should and will last a long time . i recommend it for new and old welders .
this is the classic power screwdriver . good to have around for day to day handyman stuff but not up to contractor specifications . but for the price ...
this works great ! lots of surface to work with which cuts the amount of time you take to sharpen a knife in half .
this is good for making angle cuts on wide pieces . if you're simply cross-cutting at 90 degrees then make your own cross cut sled .
mounts ok . stainless delta 72020 - ar kitchen air gap . used to match a delta faucet expensive for what it is but ok .
this was a very cheap set . the crimpers are only ok and the connectors are nothing to write home about .
we had this slow close toilet seat for about a 1.5 yrs now and so far so good . no issues so far ...
this was my second delonghi oil filled radiator . it's an excellent source of heat in a small room . an excellent buy .
i used this blade to rip i inch thick cherry . glued the boards together for a top and the glue lines are nearly invisible .
i loved this ! easy to ' install ' and now i can rest-easy about my water fountain plug .
while it is a shame you have to order this extra as it is very handy to have and use
mounted on utas ut15 shotgun and it is very solid and bright . this is very high quality for the money especially .
this is great fun to have to ck hotel rooms to see if they are clean , play with at parties or to ck for animal piss problems
not much that can go wrong with these . the magnets work well and they fit in the impact just fine
these are had to find in my area and very expensive . i think the price was excetional and will be a great addition to my impact socket set .
what else can i say ? it's small , inexpensive , and appears to be on-the-job . hopefully it lasts 10 years . kidde has a good reputation .
good price and good quality . perfect for diy / casual user . don't see any needs to buy a newer expensive model . this is a good product .
exactly what i needed . good length & quality . other lengths seem to be more prevalent . this the only 20 ft cord available .
does its job as intended , hard to give a tool a bad review unless it doesn't completely work and this works fine
the quality is just as good as any other bungee cords that i have used in the past.the price is half of what i would have paid locally .
i looked all over for one of these , but once i figured out what to search for on amazon , there it was . perfect filler .
i absolutely love this thing . it is so nice not having to take a bit out of the drill every time you need a different size .
does it's job ! i replace about once a year and have always had great results . never had any leaks or mold / mildew problems .
lights will illuminate its immediate area as advertised . lights will go into dim mode until motion is detected . a reasonable distance range .
ordered this item from dnt after receiving another of a different grit . its superb quality is as outstanding as was the first one ordered .
works sooooo much better than the " hit or miss " normal stud finders . if this thing sticks on the wall , there's a stud there . boom .
they are sturdy and very easy to adjust to size . no need for a socket wrench or screw driver . just what i was looking for .
this is a gift so i won't have the pleasure of using it . however , i use my two bosch drills exclusively and i'm completely happy with them .
this had the torx drivers in sizes i needed , and enough length to go where they needed to go . can't miss with these .
this will help me with hobbies . much nicer than 1/4 drill motor . will use a lot i think . i hope so .
i give this to friends , my family has on their key rings . there is even one in ireland now . mcgiver tool
280 lumens ... checkbright as hell ... checkonly thing i can even come up with that is less than desirable is the color ... id perfer black
easy to program for an older ( 12 yrs + ) liftmaster garage door opener and a dip switch community gate . quick delivery and good price .
i needed this type b bulb for my reading light . i was happy to find it on amazon . it arrived well packaged and works fine .
these seem to be of a very good quality . i've used them outdoors and they show no sign of deterioration . and the price is remarkably low .
bought this to add a light to a closet where there was not switch , ran the extension cord through the wall and instantly have power on a switch .
this , combined with the a209909 pack , provides a useful assortment for a new , or infrequent , user of an air nailer .
hammer head strikes again . estwing is the brand to beat . the only thing they lack is an electricians leather handle hammer .
it's a plastic " decora " wallplate . it's white , made by leviton . if they can't get one of these right , no one can .
what else can i say ? they are cheap , easy to use , and work as advertised . i would buy them again .
i like this drill ; it works well.does all that you would expect from a this kind of drill . nice case and good design . would recommend !
used it the first time one of the magnets fell out and left on the pipe . it little glue and duct keeps the magnet in place .
great tool wp precision square and look very strong and accurate and will last a life time and more i am sure .
it's so hard to go from low beam to hight beam and also to strobe light . night a great lite .
i was so hoping this would come early and it did great job , and its excacly what i wanted to get for my daghters b-day think you
i don't know how i did without these adapters in the past . chuck them in a drill and get a lot done really fast .
i really like everything about this other than the flexible part doesn't flex enough when you really need it closer to the base but it really does work well .
there's not much to say . it's a fluke product and like all there products it performs ! they make it a lot easier then holding probes by hand .
the fittings arrived as pictured . other reviewers said they received theirs in a plastic bag , but mine came in the milton packaging .
well made and durable built product . works great in the wood shop to clamp down those little things . i would recommend this product .
they are very clear , i used the they entire day i got them and the never fogged . really great safety goggles !
very happy with this looks good and works fine . i like this much better than the big bulky old fashion ones .
if you are doing any type of wood working where their is dust of any kind you need this product
small light , very bright illumination , easy to carry ... what more can i say ? well worth the 10 bucks or so it costs .
well made . tough . sticky ... really sticky . this is permanent tape . not wussy tape . order this if you really want something held in place .
i buy this flashligth i love it i use a lote times in the car i buy another because is beatifull
sure , there are better testers out there , but not for this price . very useful & great value at this price . i've used it many times .
great tool . saves a lot of work if you do several holes at a time .
the fit is not very snug , but good enough and must be tightened properly . the best option out there if you need an adapter .
if you have never owned a really good square you should , it changes things dramatically.super product . take the plunge and get one
this is a nice cover for the new rectangular light switches and receptacles . it is very reasonably priced and works with all standard sized units .
these are good quality blades and last awhile . they cut through pretty much anything . this set comes with both wood and metal cutting blades .
good for the homeowner occasional user not sure if they would hold up to daily hard use fine for most of us .
i like the snips . it needs a little wearing in because it is stiff to cut . i got the best price on amazon as i always do .
for the price , this brush will do the job and it seems so far to be of good quality .
what every woodworker should have , very handy setting up many different shop tools , not just a router , very well made
we bought this one for my daughter's bathroom and it's worked just fine . no problems with it at all . would buy another
very well made and correct dimensions as stated . easy to put up , i choose a wood frame . clips you need to get use to .
you can carry currency as suggested or , when traveling , possibly duplicate copies of your passport , id or a list of . . . .
only issue was the chain which is understandable due to so many model made but also an easy fix so i rate it quite well
it uses in japan.it can use for pex 220 a / n currently sold at japan , connecting.the attraction-of-dirt performance of a standard thing is also good .
added to the breaker panel to power my wall outlet circuit . easy installation and fit . easier than making a special trip to the local big box store .
this miter slide is well designed . comes with attachment screws that the other " k " brand doesn't . worked perfectly for my table saw miter sled project .
versa-tools was rated top 2 or 3 in " fine homebuilding magazine " for multi-tool blades along with being a better value than other top brand name products .
they work great and seem to last for a long time . i use them on wood , steel , aluminum and many other items .
bought it for my desk in the office and have used in a number of times already . great to have the wingman instead of a tool box .
kidde detector was easy to install for use , they have a life of 5-7 yrs so they will beep and let you know when to replace .
great light that has various light settings . only wish it rotated a full 360 degrees instead of the 180 degree arc .
bought this to replace one in a fiber optic tree we purchased a few years back this light is much brighter and fits just like the original one did .
very satisfied with this purchase . it's very easy to program and has a direct range of approx 100 ft . would recommend it .
changes color when water gets different temps . hyrdo-powered lights . good water pressure . cool buy and easy install . worth the price .
this pump works great , keeps the sub-basement dry and i don't have watch it . pump works automatically and is rugged .
after using several cheap hacksaws , i finally got this one . wow , what a difference . you do get what you pay for .
this welding pliers work as good as any i have had , i have been welding for 44 years and would not leave without them to go on a job
this bulb is seriously bright . it worked out better than i had hoped and per the led thing - minimal electric usage.larry
i used this to cut 1/4 " and 3/16 " brake lines . it's nice and small and it worked on the smaller 3/16 " lines really well .
just like any thing " milwaukee " it is top quality , and i wasn't disappointed , it is very compact , and is everything that was advertised .
i bought 2 of these for my boys . 8 and 11 years old and they fit great . i figure they would keep them safter then adult glasses .
the best circular saw blade i've used : fast , smooth cuts in a variety of woods and osb . highly recommended .
this is just what i needed in order not to over charge my battery . it is simple to use and looks better than most timers .
this is of the same quality as other brands that i've used . be sure to get full / over extension as needed .
this is a really sturdy sink and it goes well with the black granite kitchen countertop that i have . the price is quite reasonable .
perfect addition to my workbench . the packaging doubles as a storage containger . it is slide open and i hang it on my pegboard .
what else is there to say - it worked and this roll will last me for the rest of my life .
this socket tester is a bit more expensive than some but it feels solid and does what it is supposed to . i would buy again .
big plus , no longer charges subscription fee . easy plug and play . iphone app is simple to set up . reasonable cost .
gorilla glue is worth the money you spend without a doubt . anyone that disagrees is a hater or works for a competing glue company !
pretty bright compaired to the original bulb , its a whiter light . hopefully it will last longer and double the battery life .
one of the few drain protectors that is big enough to cover our bathtub drain . thus , it works as advertised .
these screw extractors work great , i have removed many a stripped screw with them ! i would prefer they weren't packaged in plastic but whatever .
this is a very bright light . i would say that the light is a bit more on the blue side , but it is bright .
absolutely love it ! super happy that it auto shuts off after an hour . i slept much better than normal and love all the different variations of colors !
i like the fact that these pads stay put with the hook and loop fastening system . glue backing always gets compromised by dust . these perform much better .
so far i've used it for many reasons and it has worked properly since i received it . all i can say is that its simple and it works .
always make sure you're getting enough power from the alternator and how much the battery is getting drained . can't live without it !
it is a fine peace-of-mind product . i had a pipe burst once and it would have been nice to have known it sooner - - really nice !
good quality product and works well . the assembly directions for the shileds and tool rest are minimal so you'll need some mechanical ability to firgure it out .
the fuse burnt out after the first use . i would not but this item again . this item needs to be better designed .
quiet as ever.variable speed is nice.clean start and stop.nicely balanced.cheaper than the competing brands.but better quality .
this adapter snaps onto the bottom of the versa saw making it possible to cut pvc pipe without be unsafe . works great , dealer was very fast shipping .
this is what i should have bought first instead of the mega-mouse . i'll probably never use my mega-mouse again . bigger is not always better .
these leds provide great light just as well as any incandescent could . we are very pleased with these as replacements using far less power .
first time with these filters but won't be my last . they seem like great filters . very solid , fit better than the previous ones .
ordered this cleaner to remove gunk from belt , spindle and disc sander . it does the job with no problems . would buy again when needed .
i bought this to have a powerful 1/2 " drill on hand & also it was still made in the usa .
i should have bought two of these ... i hope they are made in the usa ... good , solid , well made ...
sentrysafe h2300 0.36 cubic foot fire-safe waterproof chest , silver gray is a great unit and i like it enough that i will be buying another .
purchased these for a product that was not good , so never really used these . but they are staples , i'm sure they are good ones .
this works perfectly . i have it hooked up to a mosquito light , which now turns on only during mosquito hunting hours
i've used these bits on several projects . they are sharp and i've had no problems . would buy brand and model again .
superb light output , long battery life , overall great value . great clamping force won't easily fall off whatever its attached to .
these are excellent cutting , non clogging , long lasting belts . i am running hundreds of board feet through before a change is required .
great little strong light with strong magnets on the feet . so strong that it supports it's own weight hanging sideways or upside down .
this dewalt dw7441 side and outfeed support is really well made with heavy material . it truly helps when cutting materialon projects . easily installed
this was a purchase by a guy in our shop . he liked the helmet and would purchase it again . good product .
i have bought a few off these and will always buy more . they are super bright for the size . i would recommend .
when it comes to plumbing the moen genuine brand may cost a little more.the bottom line it is the bust one can buy for a moen owner.talking from experience !
the connectors mate well and look good . they do not leak no matter how roughly i handle the air hose . i would recommend .
i usually get a headache after using polyurethane , but not after wearing this mask while varnishing . fits well , soft seal around face , good product .
i used these refills with a drum inserted in a drill press . they have worked well for sanding tight curves in small pieces of hardwood .
works good but the band material goes bad in about five years . it doesnt hold up any more . so yo uhave to get new head band material
i used this as a leader hose for a air hose real . it is well constructed and durable . the bright color helps prevent trip hazards .
they filter out all the bad stuff and are still easy to breath through . a great value for the money
these are very easy to program . they are the size of car remote . they work good . you can program any button for your garage .
exact replacement handle for the toto model . handle has a little play and you have to adjust the flapper chain shorter so that it flushes correctly .
this tool gets used on every project . it comes in very handy for depth measurements and marking shorter straight lines . i would definitely purchase again .
this is a very nice tool well built works well but a little bigger than i expected not much good for tight places .
a must for any electrician , great for breaker panels and motor cans where retrieving a dropped screw could be fatal
we've had these up for almost a month through heavy rain and light snow . going great so far . ice may be a different story . we'll see .
great flashlight for the price and it provides a strong focuse 3d beam of light . not too bulky and just right to fit in the tool box .
nice fixture , easy mounting and wiring and the sensors work flawlessly i just wish it used a standard bulb not the gu24 type .
typical dewalt quality . good and honest tools.nothing exotic or special , simply works and very well at that.no issue .
love this ladder ! 1/2 the price through amazon as in retail stores . love it . came in two days .
i purchased two of these about 2 years ago and am very happy with them . they have held up well and are very easy to use .
i couldn't believe how quiet this sander is and it is also easy to hold an comfortable too it is also powerful and can smooth the rough spots quite fast
excellent saw . we have used this or simialr models for years . rugged , durable--a real work horse ! !
very inexpensive part to fix a broken end or to make your own custom length end . molded ends are way better but expensive .
mr beams 360 led spotlight with motion sensor . i love it . it is the best motion sensor light , and it is as advertised .
great price , haven't used it yet therefore i gave it only 3 stars .
not to brite but looks nice . i like the glow of the green . leviton 16509-2 pk glow guide night light , almond , 2 - pack
this faucet is everything i have come to expect from delta . it looks great , installation was very easy and it works perfectly .
the most powerful and best disposal ever , super quiet and strong , disposing of the most difficult scraps quickly and easily .
all the projects i have built was glued with titebond ii.better then any other glue i have used .
it is a pain to put together . not positive it is water proof but it is waaay too much bother .
this item is a little pricey , but as good as any . the box contains a wide variaty of fasteners that will cover almost any need .
this is such a great product it has a very cool look to it and it is durable
i have other led bulbs with similar wattage and this is much dimmer than those ... good for mood lighting , but not good if you want functionality ...
size allows access and maintains my grip , has sturdy construction . has reversable tip and the ability to utilize otherhex shanked tips . nice tool to have .
these were less expensive than the d batteries down at the dollar store . they lasted almost twice as long in a side-by-side comparison in two tent fans .
great little flashlight , nice and bright and works well . the bright color also makes it easier to find when its shoved into our junk drawer !
i was looking for two adapters and bought eight for the price of two . i love to find a good deal .
it didn't me take very long to install this plate cover and it works well with the switch . i would purchase again .
good quality , does the job , the plastic material does not have chemical smell , seal around mouth was also good , good product
product is not great as closing and fixing is tough so i would not recommend where frequent opening and closing is required .
a strong light that produces the < 400nm wavelengths needed to use to check for pet stains . a great and invaluable tool .
these are very good quality shop towels to have around for a variety of purposes . i feared they might be flimsy but found them to be very durable .
i really like this flashlight . really excellent illumination in a fairly compact size . good quality in the material and design . quality sheath .
fairly well made with lots of pockets for different tools . difficult to switch buckets if the bucket handle breaks .
i use epoxy's on some wood working projects these seem to be on par with other top brands at a better price
the 4 " quick connect and disconnect fits perfectly with the 4 " hose i bought although a little tight on other plastic fittings .
its a good set , but it fits loose on the saw so the blades rattle . i have been waiting from black and decker , but no responce
bought two of these on for the bug out bag and the other to sharpen my pocket knife , puts a nice sharp blade on knife
these stay clear , with no fog up even on the most hummid day in south texas and very comfortable wearing .
when our professional cabinet installer couldn't find a stud with his tools , this unit could . easy to use and hasn't missed yet .
the press grip to open knife is so good and the button release is nice .
great cord nice quality and works great . no complaints would use brand again . used for xmas lights and did as needed and safely
it is easy to put up and lights where you position it . it could be clipped to guttering , or railings .
this is a very good product at a very good price . it was easy to hang on the wall . i have had no problems at all .
needed for a walk through the garage and it lit nicely , easy to install and its bright for that area .
maybe not for adventure travel but fine for the home or small business . does not have child sized bandages . case can be wall mounted .
materials and construction are ok . would have liked handles a little longer and less slick , but will still work . can't complaing about the price .
a real pleasure to easily discover a reasonably priced readily available supply of refill blades for the stanley 10-099 six-inch knife .
since amazon hasn't found the need to give measurements ... would someone who has these post a length measurement ? thanks ! !
this is a nice ratchet . i use it for most of my car work . the extendable part slides in and out very easily while working .
i use them everyday , they last long , are strong , give me a good sandpaper and i am happy . these make me happy .
covered the wires we wanted to hide and did what it was supposed to do . what more could you want !
wow ... this tool drills like a knife through butter . nuff said.worth every penny for the casual hammer driller . can't go wrong with bosch .
these are nice lights , but they do not stay stuck and will fall within a week or so of them being put up .
bright and adjustable however , i have had it crap out a few times unexpectedly which makes it somewhat unreliable for me
way too expensive for what you get . browse and find the oshlun multipack and get a bunch of blades for less money .
i found the unit to be too heavy for my applications plus the housing became too hot to hold after only a few moments of use .
bought this to hole the jumper cables that i bought my son-in-law for christmas . it will work great to put in his car trunk .
love this product have been using it for over a year and so far no issue whatsoever in my outside lamp
the gun by itself works fine , but several of the included attachments are slightly too small to thread in to the end .
mine relaces the exact model i had before . that one lasted the amount of time it was supposed to then gave warning beeps .
what can i say thats not been said , i've had mine for 3 years , give or take a month or 2 , i am a satisfied customer .
i needed these for the werner extension ladder to help protect the siding on my house that has new siding
very handy for sharpening things around the house but even better in the car or toolbox cause it take up very little space . sharpens very well .
it is a good compact compressor . its a little loud for indoors but does fill up in a short period of time . i do recommend it .
its a great chisel for a starter chisel its perfact for going through drywall as well when demoing or when trying to find a race way for a conduit
freud bits are high quality and perform as advertised . i have been very satisified with the performance of this bit .
when the original pad disintegrated after 10 years , i was glad to find this was still available to salvage my sander .
it arrived today - - can't turn it on . pricey too for such a little thing ! refund
very handy storage box . it has a lot of places to store from screws to nails and other thinks to keep organized the tool area .
we stocked up on 100w and 60w incandescent bulbs so we had several around the house while the led technology continues to develop and the prices go down .
looks great and super easy to install but it is loud . lighting is very nice and fan blades are good looking , to bad about the noise
it is a hammer . what more do you want . it is built well and its well ... a hammer . buy it .
user friendly and efficacious handy device with longer lasting properties . very sturdy and reasonably priced device . highly recommended by me .
bought these for my son for repairs on home and auto . he is very pleased with the quality and the price i paid .
this protractor has been a great product . i can get the angles with accuracy along with checking levelness of other things
got this for the kids shower and it looks great ! this does come in a bag ( bulk packaging ) not a retail package .
it is well made and very sturdy . folds up easily . i was able to reach ceiling height objects without fear of falling !
i use these mainly to get into those aggrevating , tightly sealed plastic packages . they certainly do the trick . i like ' em .
this is a nice , well make , respirator assembly . the mask is comfortable to wear and properly blocks out dust and dirt .
this tool is extremely sensitive and will find wires in walls . work very well , and adjusting the sensitivity is easy .
for the reasonable price this spreader is well made . i've used it a couple of seasons now with never a problem . i highly recommend this spreader .
great tool . has no problem straightening any board that i put on the deck . should have bought it years ago .
i ordered two of these and they are good quality material , workmanship , and fit ( for the tools for which they are intended ) .
this item works well . it is a bit hard to get to lay flat but not too bad . it is still curled a bit at the ends .
this alarm was reasonable in price and is easy to mount . it's small enough to be discreet and yet has an easy to read screen .
this is an easy way to check your blade angle on a table saw , miter saw etc . quick and easy .
this is a very reasonably priced quality product . battery lasts forever and it's comfortably small . the light is adjustable and it's really bright .
just the thing for using in a half inch drill for smaller bit sizes rather than having two drills and works nicely in a driver also .
they are not the heaviest duty , but should work in most situations . i use them more for clamping and gluing so there isn't allot of movement .
these look very well made and will aid in my soldering projects but i've not actually used these yet , just got ' em today :)
best thermostat i have ever purchased . easy to install and operate . large digits . easy to read .
one more tool to add to my son-in-laws plethera of tools . he loves it and can't wait to use it .
i love this shower head because the water saver is easily removable . having to use a filter is annoying , but it's better than anything i can find .
not much you can say except they work well even on heavy furniture . makes moving large chairs and couches on carpeting a snap . good value .
this stuff is the best i would not use super glue without it it does all its suppose to do and then some , its an excellent product ...
when they work they are great but this is the third timer i've needed to buy over the past 10 years or so
has been reconditioning batteries since arrival . have improved aa aaa run times on some batteries my rosewill charger wouldn't charge any longer .
arrived on time with charge and have not recharged yet . one year warranty and the best price i have found . fit like the original battery .
i really like its compact size , but this nice drill / driver needs a better chuck , like the jacob's 500/5000 series who comes in dewalt dcd 710 .
fits were big drills won't . 2 speeds gives it the ability to either brill holes or tighten screws would recomend to anyone
works great . it's my second one . works great in my truck . i move it in my small car to get more room for the passenger .
it's not meant to replace a full sharpening , but it's great for putting an edge back on a knife and sharpening the edge
this bar arrived just as pictured on amazon . like any bar , it needs to be well installed , but it looks great on the wall .
my husband has this with him all the time . get's used a lot ! leatherman guarantee !
this was ordered as a replacement for my 7336 sander . the fit was perfect & only took a few minutes to replace .
these are solid , working hemostats . they lock , they are sturdy , i would buy this brand again . they are a great price too .
this tool is very good for installing and fastening electrical wires on walls . i used mine for years without any problems .
i heard stabilas were getting cheap and flimsy . i heard wrong . still the same high quality you'd expect from stabila .
i prefer the lxt or whaterer the hier end 18 volt system is . the box on this is a joke . the plastic makita cases are better .
this product came to me without a dipstick , i was very upset by this fact . i did not expect this from hitachi
it was bright right near it , but didn't illuminate as well as my old fashioned fluorescent tubes . a a a a a a
i bought it because i know i'll need it soon , looks perfect for my needs , i suppose you should get one too !
" outstanding and usefull for the price " . easy to use.the grip is very conforting . many saws were priced over $ 30.00 . a great bargin ! !
are the words i can said about this drill , i recommend it for whole king of work around the house and the industry , its a powerful drill
these are the lights we use on out bikes . the flashing mode is great when traffic is headed your way .
this is an extremely well-crafted item that contains high quality materials . the preciseness of this instruments lends it to making fine and accurate measurements . highly recommended .
i wasn't crazy about this flux pen . the flux is very thin and tends to run all over . i'm happier with a paste-style flux .
it does power the product , so i guess , 2 thumbs up .. nothing special , but it does work ... great price as well ...
works great cheap and do every thing there meant to cant beat that for the price why buy a more expansive pair when these do the same thing
it is a freud . it cuts smooth like every other freud product i've ever purchased . buy with confidence . nuff said !
nicely made and priced well . one of those tools that is needed for the shop . plunge cut square holes very easy .
the battery pack works but not great . i have another drill with lithium and it is much better . i would suggest the lithium packs over this kind .
quality tools made in usa . i srongly recommend these . the ball tip is nice were straight on connect is impossible .
this thing loosens up anything rusted . great product ! ! ! blows away the other brands . wont use anything else on my car
for the price , the quality is excellent . the brightness is very impressive . i would highly recommend this to my friends .
this is a perfect oe replacement part at an excellent price . you will need an extraction tool for the old one though .
bulbs well packed in original ge 4packs and lost of bubble wrap . i didn't test them but assume no issues .
great bought two ... kidde 466141 kitchen / garage fire extinguisher 10 - bc ours had expired and we wanted one for outdoors as well . good size
dewalt seldom lets me down on the quality of their products and this is no exception . a little more variarty would be better
these stations always make soldering 100x easier and less irritating . i enjoy using it and it makes for very quick solder work .
it's pink and shines like a spot light , great for looking a menus in low light as well as finding the key hole in the dark .
i was surprised by the amount of blades they sent , and the diversity of applications you can use this saw for !
super quality great product really cool police light super bright and very heavy duty highly recommend . this is an awesome product
great jig saw . the light is great and makes it easy to see . fits well . works well .
maglite lm2a001 replacement lamp for aa mini flashlight , 2 - pack . so glade that amazon has these bulbs as they are had to fine .
much quicker and easier than nailing in a drywall patch . any amateur can do this .
works , didn't break yet , lots of torque , you need one if you're looking at this , not sure what else i could say ,
i bought these based on others reviews ... greenpig solutions 52 concentrated formula live septic tank treatment ... seems to work fine and would recommend .
i use this light on my band saw and it puts the light where i want it . really helps me to see the cut line .
the velcro tip that catches hair , etc and pulls it out of the drain is just glued on to the wire . it came off during first use .
the distance fro the house to the on off switch makes this light quite convenient . a lower warmer light output equivalent would be nice .
hard to find in stores . works great because it sits there and you can adjust the angle . great for working under the vehicle .
the extra length of the jaws and the comfortable , easy locking handles make this an excellent choice for cabinet building .
i bought this because it was on of the cheaper ones and it worked great cinching clamps on my pex line in my trailer .
looking for a multiple charger with flexibility that being charging different types of batteries and this wasn't what i was looking for and returned it .
i bought these on amazon.com . they are very easy to install . all you need is a hammer . they work great .
what a flexible product ! this item has really helped clean up my closet . i'll be buying another one soon enough !
i bought the cheap one before this and when they kept falling apart i got sick and tired and bought this one , great choice
light blud work well . produces enough light for what we need . not quite as well as the philips version though .
i'm extremely happy with this drill . light and powerful . the battery just keeps going ... also , the one-hand chuck is the best i've ever used .
i have bought several and given them as gifts . they are well made and very useful and handy to have around .
came as described . great for nails . screws , electrical or plumbing parts . will not scratch counter tops or tables when working
i use these diamond burrs for shaping my sculpted bandsaw boxes . lots of shapes and sizes so i always find the one i need .
works great on my porter cable 333 . not a failure in the box . high quality
as others have commented , the high-pressure indicator is really loose . it reads the same line pressure as the plumber's guage did .
crazy easy to install , comfy and no slam . both the seat and the lid are no slam . would buy again .
great selection . well made . worth the price for such a complete set .
second charger of this type i've purchased ; very useful for keeping all of my black and decker 18 volt firestorm batteries charged and ready .
shines almost as much light into your eyes as onto your keyboard . shouldn't need a rebuild ( with electrical tape ) , but it did.it works , though .
it's sandpaper . never could tell one product from the other . they all seem to work fine .
a direct fit for my stanley bostitch brad nailer but then it should have been being i purchased the band name brads .
this is a good case for reciprocating saw blades but it could have been much better if it were a little longer so it would accommodate the longer blades .
i bought two of these and i have never installed one before . it installs like a charm and works great .
i bought it in december and now its february and its working well . i like it .
these are awesome , they take a mere 3 watts and are dipped in silicone and they seems to emit no heat which is great .
great item . comfortable and bright . i use it to walk my dog at night and i love it . i will be ordering a spare too .
protect hands as well and working of ruff projects . these worked good on cold weather also . looks good fits great !
this does what it's supposed to do , which is help center my router in its base when i change bases . it's not rocket science.pat
nice quality bit-drive set especially for the money , the handy hard rubber holder keeps bits organized . i definitely would recommend this tool
not real great looking , but it works as it should , and it's almost impossible to find biscuit finish accessories in stores .
haven't actually used these yet . i bought them so i would have them handy when i do need them . they seem fine .
the dewalt flashlight is a lifesaver but the bulbs are hard to find . was glad to find them here and they worked perfect !
terratek tpmt 319c oscillating multi-function power tool , 9 - piece kit was exactly what i needed to complete several projects around the house .
if you never had the opportunity ... buy it and you will love how razor sharp you can get your blades .
works well and as expected.easy installation like the selectable speed fan control instead of infinite selection like the old one.no fan hum noise , good price .
used this in the bathroom to keep our outlet options open . i had no problem using all 4 at once when necessary .
small , not very noticeable on ceiling . just follow instructions . i used small plastic anchors for gypsum board ceilings since alarms are very lightweight .
these work great for sealing caulking tubes . they are just like little condoms . they roll easily on and off . what a great idea .
it's a " plug-it and forget it device for 10 years , then you throw it away because battery is not replaceble
i bought this belt set to hold my basic important tools so i don't have to keep running to the tool box .
my house has lousy water pressure . this unit has transformed my shower from a namby pamy garden sprinkler into a refreshing and stimulating massage .
this product is as good as they say . easy to add sand-paper and versatile in its use . i recommend it to anyone .
these are high quality and will bend instead of crack . works great and would buy again . don't waste time on bad tools .
genuine milwaukee blades and are in a plastic container so the will be where you want the when you need them .
this is a great flashlight and the deal is even greater because it can be purchased a great price for 500 lumens .
i've had this filtration system for 4 years and it does what powermatic claims . some wood causes nasal and respiratory issues . this filter really helps .
this battery works very well and has lasted much longer than the stock batteries in my cordless vaccuum . a good buy .
this was used with a philips 424381 11 watt a - 19 led bulb . control provides full range dimming and works as expected .
have used this for my iphone 4s and my nexus 7 . remember , this is a 1amp charger , so it will chargetablets but verrrry slowly .
not much to say . appears to be well made and installed in 10 minutes using the included bracket and cutout template . very happy with this product .
kind of a cheap effect . i was hoping for brighter light and more spread . i guess its ok for a child as a night light .
very easy to set up and install . one set of wires supplied goes to the 12v supply wire , then connects to the light itself .
nice , well made light . not super bright but handy for the car or camping . light fusiion diffuses the light evenly and with a nice glow .
i find this flapper substandard . it deteriorates quickly and must be maintained or replaced annually .
i would reccomend this jab saw to anybody who needs ajab saw for thier projects at home or work , buy now .
been using this product for years . stands up well . still need to shop for decent price . good value although i've bought it cheaper .
this towel bar is very nice and was very easy to put up . i'm very pleased with how it looks in my bathroom !
this is the only sandpaper brand that i use . i like the different grits available and the finish it leaves
i'm very pleased with the quality of the workmanship of how this woodworker's vise is made ! only complaint would be that the installation instructions are not real clear .
it worked good , i think i bought the wrong size but it held up fine . this was a good buy
it appears to be cheaply made , out of plastic , and very fragile . i was looking for aluminum housing .
very important to have one of these on each floor in the house when you have a gas stove . easy to use and it may save your life .
not sure about the bits they work but have since replaced a fewi really bought it for the case which works well
use it a ton . nice quality . easy to wrap on things to hold it . hope that dewalt does not drop 18 v
good size for tongue and groove knock around . safe on hard or soft woods . doesn't scratch or ding product . get it , you'll like it .
works great for small jobs and saves a lot of time painting tables and chairs easy clean up and easy storage ! ! ! great buy ! ! !
this light is very good light and i mean very good light for anything that you can do with it .
purchased for use with my milwaukee m18 driver , this adapter makes a great addition to my toolbox for doing projects around the house ,
nice standard and metric 1/4 " nut driver set in a compact molded case that comes in handy in any toolbox .
great for drilling . not so fast . but enough for tiring bolt . godoasdasdfvasfvasdfasdfadsfw
the same as everyplace i have seen yet at a lower cost . works better than other i have tried too .
love this air hose ... nice color , bright lime , it is really flexable - that is what i like the most about it .
this is what i was looking for . a neat setup with a good selection . i am happy with what i was supplied
very nice light , comes as advertised , works very good , and very bright . seems to be well built and well functioning .
decent ok heavy duty home garage tool , nothing fancy to write home about it . i have nothing more worthwhile to say about it .
very handy , use it all the time for transferring dimensions and all manor of measuring on the small scale . built in level is also useful .
they work fine and the price was great . i can't say anything about longevity of the bulbs . i'll try to update the review if they don't last .
love this axe . super sharp . carry it in my truck . used many times when i would not plan on it . watch your fingers people .
purchased and gave them out as gifts . they work well use mine mainly to see inside my gas tank on my motorcycles .
we bought these because the price was good . the flashlights produce better light than a $ 30 flashlight we already had in the house . i highly recommend .
good knife feels good in my hand.the only thing is you have to always that that the blade is always exposed . i would recommend it to a friend
i have very bad knees and this product allows me do simple task like checking the air in my tires without knee pain .
it has what i need for my minor jobs . nice basic kit for cracking open your shiny electronic toys . i'd buy other tekton products .
this is great tool , not too expensive , and can compare with some other branded company honing guide.thumb up for this tool .
this knife is bright in color making it easy to identify when working on projects . it seems well made and ready to handle most tasks .
great item , no batteries , easy to use , sturdy ... loving it , easier then usual pull up handle , just press down and water ..
the lifter works fine and the pads side easy enough . i only wish they made one for lifting heavy furniture , that you could lift without emptying .
it broke and i lost my investment . exact same model is sold by radio shack which still working good after two months of use .
i do recommend this sawit works great ! it was a great buyvery well build , great tooli do recommend it
excellent visibility without hitting by any vehicle for any parking lot , side road for mailbox , anything for safety reasons without getting hurt .
haven't used it yet but the quality looks okay . not sure how they will handle impact situations , but not a bad buy even if used as standard sockets
returned due to a broken part and dented housing . i like the skil drill press and have requested a 3320 replacement .
does an excellent job in general usage . i have not yet had any incidences of chipouts . used it on different kinds of wood products . recommended .
works well . last battery lasted me a couple years which is longer than expected . this one is working great so far .
good ' lil saw , seems gutsy . not a one hand use item . see rigid for a one-hander .
i bought this because i run / jog at night . it works perfect and fits over my jacket on cold nights . a + +
exactly as described . now i can lower the thermostat without freezing . color is a deep dove gray , very pretty color .
found this useful working with my engine and other parts on my motorcycle . always handy to have in your toolbox and inexpensive as well .
helpful tools , knife gone dull little too fast , overall its a good quick tools ! i like garber tools and this one worth the money .
these work well to make short work of bolts using a drill with sockets . i would certainly buy them again ..
this saw rocks . it's one of the nicest ones i've seen so far . what you would expect from dewalt ...
they are ok for the price . i dont expect that they will last too long .
i bought this as a teaching and reminder tool . it works very well . it is plastic and will break if dropped .
been a fenix man for sometime now . very high quality . very bright light . you will not be let down , well worth the money .
seems to filter out most particles and reduce chlorine . easy to install . does it's job as well as many more expensive filters .
i had to buy a second one because i kept misplacing the primary one . this is the best driver tool available . you will love it .
exactly the blade we were looking for . prefer the dewalt brandname ones to others in general for this saw .
the best set yet , everything you need to get started , on the low end for the bits , but will do the job ...
great set of blades.they cut great compared to some other blades i had before.would buy this brand again instead of the brand i had before .
high quality at a good price . goes on easy . i use a spray handle and with that get a nice drip free clean hands coverage .
i've put this to the test quite a few times and it hasn't let me down - quite the contrary . i highly recommend this unit from ingersoll rand
a safe and sane addition to my existing stationary power tools , makes them safer to operate . perfect fit for all my tools .
good price . the product worked very well . my package was missing the fuel meters . i was able to get some sent no charge from paslode .
these are really good looking and very substantial . they come with a center support but we didn't need it because of the strength of the rod itself .
if you can't do it with this better get a tractor . great build best for the money ! can't get better by paying more .
nothing special about it other than it is camo , keeps things reasonably dry and is adequately thick . not much else to say .
worked for some tasks in my handyman business that were difficult . makes reaching that hard spot much easier making the job easier
i got this to replace the fridge light . it works well and gives off a nice clear light . i recommend it .
i am using this to wire up led wire strips . works great . easy to cut and strip . now i just need more ...
good sheath , i like the dual purpose holder , but for your safety and those around you , store the pliers closed .
i ordered this one and the 9 - led one at the same time . go read my review for that one . cheers .
as advertised and do the job they're supposed to . nothing outstanding and nothing bad . costs less than buying all the blades individually .
sturdy and light weight . nice attention to detail ; the contours on the body really improve the grip . more convenient than screwdriver style for most applications .
what can i say about the product other than hey are nice quality and work with my skeletool . buy this product and you wont be dissapointed in it
i used this on restoring a vintage phase linear 400 that was 30 years old and it worked great . exceeded all of my expectations .
this is a well built light which takes up little space . i like it much more than my old traditional desk lamp .
i have used this tool on many roofs . it has give me no problems . i would highly recommend this to anyone .
pay $ 50 for a light and then pay more money to keep it from being too bright . why doesn't that make sense ?
bough a set of these wrenches , great tool to have in service van when you need a quick wrench . especially for larger bolts and nuts
great selection of screws , will cover most new user applications . this is a must have for the first time kregg user .
this brand is lightweight but gives a huge amount of light . i would buy another as an extra since this one is kept by the bed .
great value great quality this goes with my saw that i also purchased and i'm very pleased with both saw and blades
this is just junk shaped to look like a tool . the chrome plating was pealing when it arrived . first time i used the hook , snap !
this was a recommended product from many artists to use on the canvases . its a very solid product . worth the price paid for it . quick shipping
a little cumbersome to carry around but handy when you need it . i have used their other products for years and they are good quality .
a part of my edc all day every day ! ! very versatile and the knives come severely sharp from the factory !
best pipe wrench ever .. so put this on your pipe and torque it.didnt think usa still had the technology to make these ...
again for the price this set was a good gift they were happy to get them because there old set was junk
i installed this vent under my eave for a bathroom fan install . it worked great and i didn't have to cut a hole in the ceiling .
this is a really nice product . testor works fine . multiple storage of all the different types of batteries is great .
seems to work ok . would have given it a 5 - star except that the allen key and set screw need to be a little bigger size .
compact with quality . my other regulator started leaking so a replacement was needed . the device installed quickly and easily with my system . meets every expectations
good quality . works like it should . the right size for the job i bought them for . would buy these again .
i had a chip off the corner of a brand new sink . this not only fixed it , it matched perfectly and made the repair almost invisible !
if you need a two prong / non-grounded us flat white cord then you can't go wrong with this one .
looks to be well made and the colors are bright and good looking ... also has a blinking option in red only ... thanks
this ' made in the usa ' light is flawless . surefire is the ' gold standard ' . i will be watching their product line anticipating new models .
my haiku review is as follows : holy crap it ’ s strong . a great bargain at this price.plan on buying more . ( $ 11.99 )
the bestest deal for the new dremel man.don ' t forget it.just get it.you will not regret it.and you're welcome ...
what can i say about a hose tool that hasn't already been said ? i works as it should and looks good . nicely done .
i expected a bit stronger beam . it mounts easy and fast , works well , just seems a bit softer on the brightness than expected .
great replacement product . worked right away and easily . highly recommend this product if you need it . great price too . enjoy !
packaged well and arrived quickly . it looked slightly different from the one i was replacing but looks and fits great and does the job well . recommended .
bought this to replace a skill brand saw . love the improvements and ease of use . alot of power and quality made as are all dewalt products
this is a great light for my home defense shotgun . it is very bright and does not take up alot of room on the end of the gun .
the subbase mounted perfectly on my bosh colt palm router , and accepted the threaded temp guides , positioned in true center on the router .
will need constant sharpening . have a faux-looking nitride coating on it . doubt this is truly high-carbon steel , but it does work .
looses its adhesiveness to quickly . had to put an extra dob of glue to keep them form falling off of the doors .
bought this item becuase the price was so cheap i couldn't pass it up . very nice quality and has a sturdy built to it.bryandeptford , nj
let me make this simple :p ros : 1 . excellent light 2 . excellent construction 3 . excellent size 4 . excellent holstercons : 1 . mediocre battery life
the index finger split on me after just a week . i've got fat fingers though so maybe they are made for normal people . otherwise nice and comfortable .
exactly what we wanted . a cf bulb that fits in our outdoor fixture . also i believe the first compact fluorescent in bug orange .
i bought this to recharge my lawnmower battery . i like it because you can see the status of the battery charge . works well and would purchase again .
something i wanted my boys to have for their work bench . it is funny how excited they were to get the wood glue .
damn , das bright ! it does get hot after being on , but nothing like a regular bulb.plan on getting more !
this light puts out great light and you can see in every nook and cranny with it , it's really great ! ! !
quiet , would not say whisper quiet but wonderful compared to most fans . it was easy to install and had great instructions included .
i bought this as a gift for my sister to use when she is crafting . she absolutely loves it ! i may buy one for myself .
this just works amazingly well . a pleasure to use . highly recommended if you need a smaller scraper . built to last forever .
much better switch than the ge product . requires less torque to go through the switch positions . bought these as spares .
this tool has so many uses it is amazing . i have used it to scrape , pry , and cut . it is well made and works great .
very complete basic set of hex keys in both sae and metric . labeled packaging is great for storage and use .
this bulb is a replacement bulb for a spotlight , and the color balance is very good . the item is easily installed .
i had to re-screen a porch that had hundreds of staples , without the tekton the task would have taken forever ,
handy to have around the shop and color coded makes them easy to find the right tool for the right job .
seems to work well for an inexpensive soldering station . takes a while to heat up , maybe no more than standard though .
haven't used these pre filters yet but they appear to be the correct item and should work well to protect the main filters .
had a long piece of wood which would tilt when not centered , so i made spacer blocks from wood scraps - this works faster & easier
like the zoomable front shade which narrows thebeam quite well . brighter than previous reviewsled me to believe .
these are really nice . we purchased three and one quit working after about 6 months . those that still work , are really nice .
product was received promptly and was as advertized - perhaps too much protective packaging . well design and useful product - won't be losing keys .
this hunter fan was an excellent buy and the fan runs very quiet and without any wobble . a very good product !
from the perspective of an amateur woodworker i think these blades are great . two blades for this price is a real bargain .
super strong pins , they look they could hold up a ton.these pins look better than the ones that came with a lot of cabinets we have purchased .
it's very good , came one day earlier it's little bit long but ok.nothing to say bad thing about it . ok
we catch and release trout and these are excellent for causing little damage to our very small egg hooks we fish barbless with .. many uses for these forceps ..
so far so good ... this light works perfect , it seems well made and it sensors movement as described . easy to install .
showed up as advertised . have used it for several projects , from crafts to automotive . is strong and holds up well .
3m prooduces the best of the wet or dry finishing paper products . always my first choice when a selection of wet or dry sandpaper products are offered .
i own a lot of bosch tools because they are well made and reliable . i couldn't be happier with this table saw .
this works great in my media center to replace the one that was there . i replaced the one i had which lasted 15 years .
bought these to replace the small bulbs in my grundtal spotlights and these are perfect and couldn't be more cost effective !
i purchased these to help with installing new cabinets . the variety of sizes makes it invaluable . much stronger then wood shims . i love em.buy it !
i'm quite pleased with this saw it's very well made and not too heavy like my last one.plus you can't beat the price .
these are a good quality from the few times i used them and the price is unbeatable.will buy again when i loose the current ones .
i can not tell the difference in these and the $ 30.00 sets i have looked at in stores . highly recommended
i purchased this item to work on my guns , it's just the right size but maybe a little lacking in precision construction but worth the money .
i use these almost daily and am pleased with them . even though i am hard on them with an impact driver , none have broken .
these flashights are bright , very portable and much lighter than d cell flashlights . i have them scattered around the house for power outages .
great price and great quality . they are small which is what i wanted . be careful using these as they are razor sharp at the tip .
great product idea . one of two tools in my box that doesn't say craftsman on it . too bad they don ; t have a metric one .
these are the longest allen wrenches i have been able to find , and very sturdy .
i love this for my cheap home photo lighting setup ! lightweightsmooth slidingfull off positionlong cord
i recommend this repair kit to all in need . it is easy to install and worked well with my fixture .
it works good for what its designed to do . flat against the wall . i would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
a great tool & worth the money . stop fooling around with quick clamps for cabinet installation and buy these .
these look so great on our new toilets . very sturdy and looks vert elegant and gives a new dimension to a plain toilet .
i have to buy it for pocket hole joining using my k4ms . i have yet found an alternative in my local stores .
good flashlight i loved because at night is diferent about i can see in the day , i loved for see my stuff in my room , i loved
it works great and does what it is supposed to . it works great and does what it is supposed to .
only one complaint . " made in china " other than that , this light does the job far better than old style flashlights .
these are just perfect for locking all my camera cases , and electronics in their cases . love them ! great buy ! work great !
not much to say ... it works.easy to install , bright markings to show you the correct orientation .
what a great addition to an already great table saw . simple and inexpensive , saves a tremendous amount time for clean-up .
it worked o . k . would like to see better friction for holding the helmet up , but for the price it is a good deal .
nice tool , worth every penny ! i used it for one project only but i can see that it has a lots of power .
works as expected . its a level what more would you expect . package was perfect and color is light pink.highly recommend it .
i had bought this pair of gloves to deal with sharp things aka broken pieces of glass . they are comfortable and i feel protected .
seems like as good a build quality as the work tunes brand , cheaper , and more complex to operate . still sound nice and all
a super little spur drive for small turnings ! i've used it several times and would certainly recommend it to others ...
the blade launcher works , it was very sharp out of the box , and the clip is removable . works very well as an every day carry knife .
i . use these batteries and these chargers all the time . i have had no complaints from many customers in over a year with any of these combination sets
wow thank god for china . if they keep making products this good why would you buy american . just buy it
i was wary of this . i went to radio shack after i bout this and they're selling pretty much the same thing for 25 bucks .
leaves your knife razor sharp if done correctly , good price overall and will last you for the years to come if treated properly .
this is a great little tool for quick fixes without getting out a power tool . very handy to have on the job .
these were purchased after too many exhaust jobs where rust blew under standard safety glasses--they work perfectly . very comfortable and so far have not fogged up at all .
for the price you cant go wrong ! ! its a great flashlight got reasonably fast and overall god deal for a good product !
the overall system is fantastic . super intuitive and simple setup . my new favorite tool .
delivery , quick ! easy to install and does the job . additionally it looks good where installed and i liked it so well i purchased more .
nice dimmers for regular incandescents and dimmable compat fourescents . double check you compatible dimmer list if you are going led , as these are not likely appropriate .
it is a mirror on a stick , not as cool as a jalapeno on a stick and it doesn't talk as well but reflects things perfectly
was easy to install and code . made life easier for me . it works great . can be outside without being in my car . thanks
good set of hex keys at a great price . the set goes down to smaller sizes than mos others on the economical market .
my stock dewalt blade was worn down so i bought this to replace the original and it was been working great .
love this timer . last one lasted on pool filter for 12 years . bought two so i would not have to go searching again .
fits my power drill perfectly and since the tips are magnetized it holds the specific bits perfectly . not much to go wrong so a good deal
the charger transformer and cable are all good quality and the standard sized charger plug-end fits the streamlight charging bases perfectly . no complaints .
these bulbs are good quality and nice lighting and they seem brighter than incandescent bulbs . i use them all around my home in different wattages ...
appears to be precsion made and of good quality . will edit review after using with impact wrench on rusted bolt
i have not had the work sharp long enough yet to need to try another option , but these discs clean out well and don't load up bad .
what can i say ? this is the real thing . what else is there to fill holes and do minor repairs ?
super simple to use . its made very well and requires very little effort . well worth the money . pex plumbing is a great , easy and affordable .
these are really great for the purpose of its use . and the case it comes in is really safe . love the price on this as well .
this light was under $ 6 , worth the price . it is really bright , seems very durable . for the price , you cant beat it .
you have to make sure that you are getting the correct switch according to the type of wiring you're installing it on .
we installed this with our door bell and it lasted only one day before it quit working . i would not recommend this .
easy to assemble and follow instructions , good solid cart for the money it's durable , less cost than sears for the same one .
placed this in our trailer and it works for what we needed . not much else to say about this . husband put it in with little trouble .
i have a portable battery car jumper pack that has a light on it . that bulb burned out and these 12 volt lights work perfectly for a replacement .
great little tool to hold my taps . it is build very well with solid metal construction . buy it and you wont be sorry .
great price , great product , the best . i use them to apply varnish and shellac to canes . i never have any problems with them .
this will magnetize and demagnetized as needed great for every tool box a must have works great no problems bought 2
nice little kit ! ! ! hooks right up to my drill press . works as expected with easy set up . it's a pretty good buy ! ! !
i have not used yet but appear to be as advertised . expect to have no problem with these once i do use them .
i needed a little at home for occasional tapping . this size was perfect . at work we've been using it forever . great stuff .
i love this item specifically because i no longer have to haul out 600 ' of electrical cord to use it on my property . hooray no more long cords
what can i say , they are the filters that fit my furnace the best . oem is the way to go . i like clean air ! ! !
nice quality tools . wish the set included one more size of philips , but , a nice set none the less . .
i had a cheap quality ratchet set and the ratchet quickly gave out ... all the sockets were fine but useless without a ratchet ... problem fixed !
i purchased these to round out my kreg jig clamp arsenal . you can never have too many clamps . these make assembly go even faster !
these knobs are perfect , anything by schlage is awesome . did my entire house with these knobs and every one worked perfect .
simple 4 inch black plastic y . it works well and is built well and should last many years .
powerful stream ! i have very hard water where i live to i'm interested to see whether buildup occurs on the nozzles .
this scraper might be a bit wide for most of my jobs , but the finish is superb , and the edge is honed to perfection .
i have had a few hack saws over the years . many have either rusted or broken . this one seems to work great so far .
this holder will only hold very small flashlights . many of my small cree flashlights wouldn't fit in it . luckily i had one smaller one that did .
these items worked great so much more cheaper than the box stores.they came in handy for installing my wires behind the wall.great buy .
quality made , will stand up to heavy use over time . i highly recommend this set that also includes the stand .
so at first i thought these were plastic hooks at the end of the bungee but they are in fact metal hooks coated in plastic .
the best machines in the world are only as good as their blades . these are good blades at a good price .
i like the ability to tap the blank and screw directly to the head stock when i want to or tap and use glue blocks .
this product does what you want it to do: polish ! works well with a variety of polishing tips . leaves a nice finish .
awesome and inexpensive . bright yellow helps you find them when you lay them down . very comfortable .
butts love this seat , seriously . works well , was shipped fast , and most importantly , its easy to clean ! no complaints especially for the cost !
item was as advertised - very good service and fast delivery - installed without any issues even by a novice with only a screw driver and a flashlight
perfect size for edc carry . not too heavy a good assortment of tools .. although the blade on mine isn't ground correct and is cupped ..
i can't stand chlorine in the water . this takes out the smell and effects of chlorine on your skin . this is my second purchase .
accurate and simple to use shelf pin jig . room on the back to store collar , dill bit and spacer . works well .
a mechanically simple device purchased to replace another mechanically simple scraper which gave up the ghost after 25 years of use .
this adjustable tongue and groove router bit set is easy to set up , cuts smoothly and precisely , and stays sharp . an excellent value .
we put the wood flooring in and use these for everything that moves . keeps things quiet and protects the floor . that's what we bought them to do .
so far these seem like decent quality fliers . no complaints.and so far the tool has worked well for my needs .
they do the job and last . not much more you can expect until some other amazing technology comes along for batteries .
its a good item . it does exactly what you think it does and it has an simple elegant design . 12345
great blades , a great package for the price , it contained saw blades to cut wood and steel . i would recommend this product
again dewalt knocked it out of the park . this brad nailer is light , has excellent safety features and works perfectly !
i don't know what to say but this is the greatest kit ever offered . it has nearly everything one needs . so glad i got it .
i think it performs just terrific in new stapler ... would buy it again . i have tried this out and i think it is a great performer .
purchased as gifts . had to return because they were duplicates . however , my husband is enjoying the one he already has and said he would recommend it .
i've used these and i've used the grex . they both work fine for me . i don't notice the difference , though the grex get the better reviews .
these clamps work great . they sure help me when i need particular cuts .
been using this to get the walls painted . great on that it does not blow around or get easily shuffled around walking on it .
nice large files that are very sturdy and work really quickly at getting the job done and i like the fact that each one has its own handle
cant imagine not having this at home . easy to spot especially on a black out and it works as a nightlight and flash light too .
very easy to install , has a nice soft close feature . cleans easily and has a nice modern look . its a toilet seat but a nice one ...
inexpensive and pennies on the dollar compared to the big box stores . they may not last quite as long as the stores but i can't tell much difference .
this hitachi drill / light is a very nice unit . it has lots of power and is ergonomically designed for comfortable use .
i was expecting them to be as thick as the ones i have already . they are not . i will buy the blue ones from now on .
great replacement belts for a great product . i use it to sharpen everything from mower blades to axes to chef knives . you almost can't mess up ..
usual dewalt quality standards.works great and if not abused , should last a life time.good value too , for it is and what it can do .
easy to install , they look great and are very reasonably priced compared to hardware stores . these are pretty dark in color , almost black .
maybe i used too much pressure , but the mandrel broke off . i bought a mandrel replacement from dremel for now .
this works great for the pixa , has a nice belt clip for easy on and off belt , couldn't ask for a better light weight case !
these are amazing and with my d51257k dewalt 16 ga nailgun the combo can't be beat ! awesome ! dewalt nailed it again ! punn intended .
good product , in my community all i can buy is ace which is terrible and over priced . this paper is superior . [ ... ]
loads up well with heavier items . plastic seems thick , tray is nice and clasp are tight . price is right for nice tool box .
very cool tools . my son loves these . he can carry them on his bike and they will be handy when needed . small and useful .
its a better then the backing tape you find at your local hardware store . this is real sticky and adheres to most surfaces .
beautiful item and but i decided to go with brushed nickel instead of polished brass in my powder room . also , seemed too large for my pedestal sink .
from my experience this should be built into any rotary tool design . this fit on my black & decker rtx-b without issue .
have used for the past 2 months and no complaints . the cable is strong and quality seems great . great price , as well
miniaturization with a ratchet screwdriver and changeable bits helps for shallow restricted space work . the handle also provides a decent grip .
used this to replace my older pump which gave up after 18 years of faithful performance . well constructed , good flow , relatively quiet .
this is a nice set of clamps and spreaders . haven't use too much , but thet have been durable during use .
this handy light clamps onto most anything , and the adjustable bracket makes it super easy to direct the light right where it is needed .
item was as advertised - very good service and fast delivery - installed without any issues - customer service was perfect when i called - would hightly recommend
great locks - got four of them to replace old ones . no need in batteries or keys . look stylish too .
cuts right through glass . great trimming tool and nice to have in my dremel box . . . i recommend the product .
this is a very nicely made storage bag , useful for a variety of things . it's still made in the usa .
perfect for my needs . moderate security , good quality . accessing contents is easy with the push button combination . not too heavy .
product was as described . worked well for short extension for large headed connectors from surge protector . 16 gauge wire was nice and not too thick .
i like the idea of the rain shower head but this one just looks so cheap compared to the other really high end quality shower heads . i returned it
fine tooth adjustment , good hand grips , strong construction . definitely recommended to anyone in need of an awesome pair of pliers
easy to set up . inexpensive . highly reliable . it provides good advance notice . at the higher sensitivity level , it detects small animals .
replaced all of our knob sets and hinges to match in our house . these all look good and they are a bit cheaper than home depot .
this is a very good router . the only thing i do not like about it , is fitting the motor to the bases is very difficult .
the nicest tool i ever owned for stripping wire . it's really slick , quick and does the trick .
just what i wanted and is just what is needed to do fine cutting ( like picture frames ) . you just can't beat the price .
the bag came as described and the my wormdrive saw fit into the bag great with room extra blades and what nots .
great set of pliers ... i will buy again ! ! ! these are nice and look like well constructed =) i love them ! ! !
unit seems to works nicely but seems to lack some muscle ? do like bosch tools so i maybe asking to much from the little guy ? still---nice finishing tool---brian
extreme high quality light this one takes 4 d cell lamps and will illuminate trees across the street a good thing to have around .
a must have for anyone installing trim or crown moldings . no gaps or funny looking corners . must buy .
substantial , hard plastic . fits my ridgid 2 1/2 inch hose perfectly . not something to write home about , but adequate for the job .
i live in montana and we have a lot of darkness . the led lenser is ideal , light , bright and easy to handle in tight spots
i've used them on phones to pulling plastic out of a macbook pro . comes with plastic covers to fit the tweezer parts .
for the price it can't be beat.really happy i bought it.it works flawlessly and quality is higher then i ever thought it would be at the price i paid .
this looks somewhat real . but if you put it somewhere where people won't be staring at it , then no one will notice the difference
very handy item to have around to identify nuts and bolts . well made and markings are clear . it will come in handy at times .
i bought these for my office and co-workers . they work well enough and great for the price . i think of these as disposable .
great bright little for the price.this is a cheap , strong edc lighteveryone needs a few of these lights .
it will be a great help , specially on many jobs i will be doing by myself , without any helper available .
i used it to repair the broken arms of my titanium eye-glasses . did a good enough job on them :-)
does a good job holding small parts when a " third hand " is needed . fast delivery .
the bits aren't bad but the case is terrible . it is difficult to put the bits back into the case without damaging the teeth holding them .
seems to work good . doubles as a flashlight . great for basement . i a few one for each room in basement .
i used these this weekend and they are perfect for my needs . they give a good grip on my chainsaw and the branches i grab .
used for multiple builds . its a great wrench for the price and does everything it needs to . great build and would buy again .
best control of led's for the price you can buy , works great has plenty of range and the wireless works great as well . worth the money .
well built speed square . go to stenly web site to down load a manual that give a lot of hlpful ideas .
this thing could light something onfire it would seem . do not shine into or near anybodies eyes . came quick too , aaa also
bought this to test as a replacement for halogens in our trees that eat electricity . it is bright , weather sealed , and works flawlessly .
i like these gloves they are warm they last and they have a very good grip . i use them at work and home . i would recommend
far too big a box and almost impossible to unwrap from the sticky bubblewrap . the bulbs were fine but overprotected in an inconvenient way .
product works great as a knee pad , nothing fancy just gets the job done.bryandeptford , nj
i've used these for years and they always perform perfectly . also , buying in this small bulk keeps the price down .
this is a great tool to have for cat 5e cat 6 jacket stripping . highly recommend having more than one around also .
i've used this several times and am quite satisfied with it . since i haven't caught fire yet , it must be doing it's job !
sturdy construction . not sure why others had problem with fragility of parts . i don't see that problem on my end .
been using for 3 months with no issues . can't beat it for the price . looks very nice , would highly recommend .
this is my second one the other one died after 8 months . i thought it was me , dont buy this
i liked the product because of the fit and the price . it was a good bargain and it works great .
excellent product . really stabilized the palm-sized router . a good investment . i recommend this tool if you are using the small bosch colt router
what a difference when cutting up steel last a whole lot longer then a standard blade .
i use this with the 3m half face respirator . fits perfectly under my welding hood , and i don't smell any of the fumes while welding .
this is a good impact set . replaced an older craftsman set . heavy duty , does the job and has a nice case .
this is just another fine porter-cable product . minimum vibration , nice carrying case . i don't think you can do better .
i have a number of these lights in my house and everyone compliments the great color - they are beautiful and made well .
a good price for the item ( watts 1/2 " pre-cut vinyl tubing ) from amazon
looks good , wears well . is not too tight or heavy but seems to afford the protection needed . time will tell how quickly they get hazed !
great little handheld light . it is very bright and easy to turn off and on . i take it with me every morning while walking the dog .
recieved the stud finder in good shape put it to work and found all the studs in matter of minutes . good addition to my tool collection
i'm unusually dissatisfied . do not buy it if you planning to measure inside circles ; it doesn'n work .
perfect tools for real estate business . it is better than superlock due to it low cost and non annual fees .
good shooting glasses . i like taking them to the range or out in the woods on hunts . they haven't fogged up on me yet .
this unit can stand on it's own or hang on the wall . contents are very visible and the drop down plastic covers prevent dust accumulation on parts .
i had another brand of alarm that was way more trouble and annoying . this one is simple to use easy to operate and so far not annoying .
it could not ever empty a small spa without overheating . it last a few days and i ended up having to reutrn it .
it definitly makes the light brighter . make sure you buy protected 18650 batteries and your light will last quite a bit longer .
i've been using these things for years . great for applying wax , and do not seem to pick up dirt rapidly .
works well , nice focus , great price with battery charger and extra battery . rivals more expensive light that i own for much less cost
it holds jumper cables . or other round things that you might need holding . would be a good holder for you heavy gauge extension cords too .
nice to have these around the house when i need to pop something into the cordless drill . happy enough with them for now .
nice bright light . seems to be well made and the size is perfect . light is very bright and has several useful functions .
yeah i could have got a couple of plugs and made my own but could not beat this price.handy and well made !
lightweight great battery and slim and easy to use ... these slide in instead of grab and click ... better feature and charge is long lasting
when working on motherboards and needing to know the temp using a soldering station works great in your repairs a +
nice kits with several different tools . these work well when used as intended as most dremel tools do .
works perfectly for my 2007 audi a6 . no more worrying about messing up the little plastic housing . i would recommend it to the diy car guy
not brite as listed , not 300 lm as described . not worth spend of money and times involved . another question is how long it last ...
5 * tku . i own 6 of these . makita is the most well balanced circular saw on the market and i have owned almost all brands .
bought this to go with a delta t17038 lahara monitor 17 series valve trim . works perfectly . contractor did not comment about any issues with the install .
these dura-grip squares work great ! all the other products weren't keeping my furniture in place but these squares def work better than any other product
it works ... great . i hardly ever have to empty my vac , it , s nearly all caught in the cyclone system .
i am happy with the quality of the quick change . i was looking for a set that came with extra bits nice set .
made of plastic and not accurate at all.the head is floppy so no way to get it right . might was well just freehand .
sealed out all cold and moisture from getting in my garage . product works like a charm . i would recommend it .
these are the same nails that they carry at home depot , these are $ 5 less perbox . have used several boxes of these with no problem
at 9.34 this is a sweet deal , they are sharp , very nicely housed in a roll-up - velcroed package . i am very glad i bght these !
these are great to use all over the house when the electric goes out , no need for so many candles !
it's a light bulb . it's 75 watt . it's frosted . i haven't used it long enough to find out if it lives to it's advertised life span .
i got what i expected , a sturdy handy folding measure . i expect the composite will hold up through use . glad i made the purchase .
this saw hits up and goes . zero to sixty immediately . i like the flexibility of moving around without getting tangled in the cord
the stand-off length on this tape is great . i've been very happy with it !
this pole does the job , its stiff and sturdy . good deal for the average homeowner's needs as well as the pro's
this is a great flashlight . it is small , lightweight and very bright for the money . seems brighter then other 210 lumen flashlights i have .
i am using it mainly for a drum sander . the generous size of this stick makes it good for some time . cleans just fine .
great tool to avoid getting cut when opening those hard plastic packages . you will be cutting further away from the package than using a scissor .
versital and useful knobs with bolts and washers that i use most every day on multipal jobs with interchanges from work reason to work work reason .
i wish they keep their reputation and change towards better lock as product lock is very poor . other than that it is not great but ok .
very useful and perfect little devices . i have recently install rain barrels and the nelson quick connectors make it all work so much easier . great product .
oatey 30106 no . 11 liquid flux , 4 - ounce worked as described . once you use liquid flux - you'll probably never use anything else !
i love it . the additional knife is cool too . nice quality and seems to function very well . i am happy with this purchase .
i replaced a faulty flapper with this one several months ago and it has worked flawlessly ... good price and does what it's supposed to do .
the drills are excellent but getting them in and out of the case is a chore . best use gloves . rhf
i am very happy with this knife . very small , cute , yet functional . it looks very high-quality and is very high-quality . recommended .
i ordered this one and the neiko , the neiko failed right out of the box where this one felt sturdy and worked well .
this is a great , heavy duty chisel . goes through three layers of brick very well . tough job to do ... this will help .
very good tool . strong construction.very powerful for its size . ergonomic slim grip provides high control . would return to buy another . i highly recommend it
ordered these to replace burnt out bulb in a skill rotating head 18v flashlight , good value and is much brighter than the bulb i had in there .
now my jumper cable is nicely stored . it keeps things neat in the trunk and i don't have to worry about grease and stuff getting all over stuff .
easy to retrofit . i like the brighter white light of the led over the grain of wheat light that came with the maglight .
a bessy must have if have the revo clamps these add a wider clamping force plus add in that you can clamp at a angle
i have this on my duty belt going on 2 years and it works great and for 10 bucks i paid for it i have zero complaints
ordered a multi pack for my home , perfect fit , and these seem to clean much better than the previous off-brand filters .
got it for handheld radios that get accidentally left in trucks in the winter . these work well enough after days in the high 20 ' s f .
bought this to give the baby a bath in the baby tub . works great ! easy to adjust the flow and easy to install .
i purchase these filters to go with the 3m respirator p95 mainly to cut wood . they have worked flawlessly and i would highly recommend !
blade movement is much stable after installing this.only complaint is just the high price.no idea what material it is but hope the price down substantially .
it fits the small dewalt router and comes in handier than i thought . it works really well in cutting corn hole holes . highly recommend .
seems strong and well made . i actually bought mine to use as a sunshade , and it is certainly clean , neat and strong enough for that purpose .
good product for keeping your tool organized . its medal and tough as well.easy to pack a kit to help a friend when in need .
in my opinion , bosch makes the best blades for a jig saw . they last longer than most and don't cost a fortune .
works just fine . not particularly sturdy , but definitely functional . would not recommend for everyday use but fine to keep in my toolbox .
these work fine . you can get cheaper ones at home depot but i don't think they are welded like these are .
magnets fall out under stress which defeats the purpose ... probably not for use in impact drive as some " amazon tags " suggest .
worked well for 4 nights camping with a coleman instant up tent.strong , good looking , nice corners , good price . would buy another
cant get these at the box store any more , great price . must have for contractors and those who want quality organizers for smaller parts
this fit snugly and are not so huge as the foam rubber ones , that pop out all the time . use them when cutting the grass and trimming .
bought these to use tieing down my atv at the cargo racks . so far no complaints they hold my atv steady and showing no wear .
i bought this because it was a good deal for the price . most tools anymore are chinese and for the price these seem to hold up pretty well .
these are nice push sticks . probably couldn't make them this cheap . the variety is great , one for every job in the shop .
i appreciate this small screwdriver goes across like a screwdriver trying to be clever , i find it useful . with my multitool kit it has its place
tinier than expected lights ok switch is hard to operate i need a larger one will keep it for backup
a dream for those who want or need to be able to cut down screws and nails . it will cut like they say the occasional 1/4 " bolt .
i do recommend these gloves . i do landscape construction and these fit great , keep hands clean and protected . so far the have held up well .
love this tripod . used it on the first day and it is awesome . dont do much transet work but when i do this tool has come in handy
no complaints at all with this . its hard to go wrong with this square . sturdy , good quality , nice and square
for the light weight work i do around the house , these speedy bit save me from carrying around a socket set and a ratchet .
these are incredibly bright one aa cell lights . puts maglight to shame.great for car or house .
just a big ol box of mineral wool , but does look great in our gas fireplace . nice glow and flame play off it
unit is a nice product . the display is so easily read & it'sfunctions are nicely laid out . thanks---brian
buy this and store it away if you buy the loveless ash vacuum . you'll eventually need it and it's quite easy to install .
this is a great lamp and quite heavy in weight . looks great next to my couch .
you get what you pay for . very cheap , but do the job . how long will they last is the question .
good assortment of bungee cords . maybe not the best quality but certainly adequate for anything i need them for .
strong lock for my game camera . it would take a pro to steal it with this attached . come and try to take it !
it is powerful and compact . it comes very handy to do chores around the house .
nothing to say about it . look good and suitable for use . recommend it for those who works in garages or in special area .
great product and well made . another awesome 3m product . great for the shop to keep your lungs safe . i would definitely recommend this .
not bad works perfectly for my lg all in one washer dryer unit . it stopped the hammering right away and was very easy to install .
it works well . i needed to put a led candelabra bulb in a standard socket and this did the trick .
i've been using these bits for quite a while now . they work fine but seem brittle and tend to break .
this is a great pump i bought this pump 25 years ago and still going strong , i just bought another just to have as a spare or back-up .
great product . i wanted the black version , but the silver one was $ 3.00 less on amazon . same product different color.why pay more ?
this is a nice precision screwdriver set . good selection of screwdrivers . nice case . works very well for small projects at home
you can't say much about a piece of plastic except - - - - - it worked as described and my door now hangs correctly . recommended product .
i use this with my bosch laser and pole and they all work great together . very happy with the purchase .
these cords are of high quality and do come in handy when using a surge protector ! i do recommend this product !
a splendid super durable light with the same high quality and durability we come to expect from maglite products . no wonder cops count on these for their work .
love the knife sharpener i would certainly buy another one and would recommend it to anyone who wants a quality product .
if you want a longer lasting flashlight then this is fine , but the brightness level is horrible ... i'm still looking .
i've used this for climbing , hiking and exploring in caves . this is a very stable platform to run your favorite light .
not a whole lot to say about this decora wall plate , it is brand new and comes in retail packaging .
i have only used one blade but it did what it was suppose to do and did a good job .
very nice bulb and perfect fit in my range hood . what a change compared to the standard 50w burning hot bulbs .
i bought these to go on my makita lxdt 04 impact driver and my makita lxph 01 hammer drill . they fit perfectly , and function as they should .
i had an issue with my 1/4 " adapter . one call to customer service got my issue solved . they were thorough and polite . highly recommended .
i have had these for a few years now and love them . i use these constantly and they are still in perfect shape .
look identical and from what i heard is identical as it seem gmax is the supplier for toto so very cool and half the price
good price great light but very difficult to solder since they don't make a snap on connector like they do for the 300 led strips .
the alternative would be to get a vacuum attachment with a collection system , but this will do . next i will get the table extensions .
i am always adding short hoses to my most used tools . so am always buying these . have outlets all around the shop .
a must to store and protect your jumper cables . no more tangled cables for this guy .
this is great - charges quickly and holds the charge well too - have used it for long time without running out !
love the heavy dutiness of the gun . works well to hold screen work , small moulding , and upholstery work .
it looks fine . reinforced corners , exactly as shown . no way to tell if the uv protection is there though . i hope so .
like this company . have been satisfied with a number of their blades because they get the job done the way i want it .
bosch makes good tools ; i've used one before and it did not disapoint ; that is why i bought this one
nice quality add on automotive type lighter addition . seems strongand water resistant when close . fit for its purpose . easy access to the connectors on the back
nicely made tweezers , perfect size for holding small smt component on printed circuit board . have no problem firmly holding 0603 component . surprisingly well made tweezer
these are great brand name switches that are illuminated , thus providing a small amount of illumination to allow finding them easy in a dark room . work great .
i purchased this to go with a rain shower head . the tightening feature is a must for these , and it worked great .
i got this to replace one i'd been using for 30 years.hopefully it'll las that long.the slide is a little rough but for the price who can complain .
this set works really good . i like the case - never buy a set without a good storage case . durable and functional .
this was bought for a friend who uses it to help her see to read with her older eyes . it was a replacement . price was good .
don't waste your money . this light reminds me if the leds made back in the 90 ' s .
if u have a steady angle holding technique when sharpening with this stone it works wonders , should be used with the finer stones afterwards .
sarah peyton outdoor solar led address plaque looks good butit only lasted a year . thru it away and bought some nice house numbers .
this is six bucks at home depot . why would we pay $ 30 plus $ 11 shipping ? get real .
while it may seem that this compact unit might be pricey for its capabilities , it provides a surefire way to update wiring capabilities in an older home .
much better than having to constantly stop and pull more wick out with the other style . standard de-soldering braid in a need little dispenser .
the way the bolt cutter is made can't get a flush cut , or i can't , anyways . it's heavy duty for sure
what a time saver . no more going across the shop to turn on dust collector . hang it on the wall and just plug it in , that's it
these forceps are 5 inches as advertised but they are skinny and flimsy . just not large and secure enough for my projects .
wears easily , must be very careful not to press too hard or it will come a part .
i used this to keep mice out of our home , there is a small opening under our bathroom vanity and this was an easy quick fix .
nice amount of light . seems well made . swivel is very useful . only thing ... one never worked right out of the box .
these batteries were an excellent buy . the price was the most reasonable and the batteries work for a long time .
the push switch was doa . body is plastic , magnet is fairly strong . good quality gooseneck . wich it had worked . :-(
this makes it so easy to cut on a radial saw . the red line is nice and straight for a smooth accurate cut of wood .
i've been using this on a cloth buffing wheel to polish / clean my pipes and it's worked just fine . seems like a fair price .
small little needle nose that always come in handy when you need them so i recommend them to get for your toolbox .
what can i say ? gerber makes good equipment ! ! ! good price and value . you can't go wrong buying quality items like these .
nice and handy carry case . would like to have seen the 1 inch screws with the washer heads on them
i think these will help me when setting up router bits on my table . saves some time and they are solid brass . nice items .
nubee temperature gun non-contact infrared thermometer w / laser sight . this thing works great and the cost is right get one if you need one .
i use this on a woodrat router jig . it does not bog down and easy to access the collet to change the bits .
going to get my grandson to look at it to see if he can get it to work . price is so good i won't send it back .
easy to use and install , and rekey in under thirty seconds while it is still on the door . it is also pick resistant too .
these will save you time . they work well and will stand the test of time . i wish i got them sooner .
the spotlights are very nice and easy to install . i am waiting to see how long they last , but so far i am very happy with them .
the jury is still out on this one . still burning brightly but i am still a skeptic on led bulbs because of problems i have with other brands .
if you use this along with the a line it deluxe kit you have a fantastic combination for keep your table saw aligned properly . it is great .
i found this magnetic stud was more accurate than my expensive battery operated one . i ended up using this stud finder more than i expected . buy it .
i've got draws full of knives that needed sharpening , i've used much more expensive sharpeners that didn't produce results half as good as this has !
i would have given it a five overall rating but since it was installed wife and kids have over rode timer daily .
not very much light emitting from these at all - have seven of them on our fence posts and light barely visible at night .
i use a sump pump in a basement shower that i use daily . the switch works perfectly with a pump that does not have a relay switch .
these slides are very difficult to position correctly but once in place they work great . i don't recommend these slide to a beginning woodworker .
the assortment was outstanding . really usable wood for projects . i will order again . thank you , the enclosed cat . is really useful . ,
great tool to add to the handy drawer . nice feel in the hand with convenient blade cover . the plastic blades are a plus .
yes you heard right , sometimes you just need your dikes bent and when that need arises then grab these dikes .
i like rockwell tools . haven't used it yet , however , i look forward to using it to make pipe cutting easier and accurate .
decent tester . it works and i like the adjustable sensitivity level . pretty sturdy material as well . no problem with it .
great tool for cleaning out threads on gang boxes , receptacle covers , light boxes , etc . it cleans stucco and plaster out of the threads as well .
work on the flywheel and don't have lifting station and the car never had flywheel turned then this is a must .
these are great items for rental properties get these utilize these and keep safe and always be prepared ... good item great price
lasted ok first few months of light diy usage , then the side switch started to fail that rendered device pretty much useless . wouldn't recommend this product .
my mechanic said i was crazy and that he's never had any paint stick to vw headers.he has been proved wrong !
makes slicing laminate a breeze , a quality tool that makes laminate work a easy , would recommend this tool for your workshop tool box
works fine in my alcohol stove . need to add water to lessen the soot . try different amounts until you get the right mixture .
i've used irwin tools for years and they never disappoint . had these been a bit less expensive , they'd have gotten 5 stars .
the best has gotten better . excellent comfort over original and added ease for blade access . simply the best .
i have used this brand for about 4years i have no complaints .. i would recommend this product to anyone . thank you
works great as a night light and even better as an emergency light . would highly recommend . bought two for my house .
these gloves work to use around the house to do cleaninf flower beds and general . not made for heavy stickee stuff .
great tool and powerful magnet and holds bending form well . you need one of these at this price just in case you needit !
heavy duty set . good quality and selection of sizes for many of your needs . add metric set and you are ready to go .
i use these bits with my v28 rotary hammer from milwaukee and let me say they are a great combination . these bits eat through concrete like butter .
installed ok . haven't tested it . assume it will work as advertised . easy to follow instructions . hard to open plastic package
i used to dig out the old caulk using a screwdriver.the dap caulk tool kit is much better.it also makes a much neater caulk line
bought this for my awkward standing shower . it works well . i had to cut it to make it the right length but it works .
the wheel for adjusting the wrench barely moves . this isn't even good as a kid's toy . go for a different brand .
flows well and seems to hold up to even my hottest irons . have not had any problems with this solder .
this orange color is very vibrant almost irridescent and it adheres well . it is a very striking color when applied and dries fast .
nice package and nice compound . it works for what it is for . quite a bit for the price as well .
incredible lazer cutting on this . every details is there to the 1/16 th . i bought the 18 " and 12 " . would recommend .
this sander is easy to use . it does not connect to a shop vac . the saw dust collector has a small rectangular outlet .
there is not much to say , i preferred it because of the price and it's doing its job so far .
i am in construction and wear these probably two or three times a week they are conferrable and the best thing is they do not slip down my leg .
this led light is versatile and gives off a good amount of brightness . it's much better than other led book lights that don't shine bright enough .
great gloves , but on the short side . get one size larger than you need .
i had 2 of these installed for 3 + years already without any issues whotsoever , didn't even had to change the batteries yet
very nice apron . comfortable and easy to get on and off . nice array of pockets in convenient locations for working in my shop .
this belt is kind of hard to put on . first you use the velcro , then the buckle , it binds up . i won't purchase it again .
alarm is exactly as described and works great . it makes me feel secure . i would love a little less on shipping
wow ! the teeth on these things are as sharp as scalpels . the teeth are milled sharp and flat rather than being stamped .
this is a great unit , very quiet and lightweight . just finished trimming out two rooms and it worked great ! i would highly recommend it .
charger is new technology which refreshes your older batteries to run longer and you get a new battery too ; awesome deal .
this thing don't they send it with missing pieces and parts for the flashlight i want replacement with all the pieces included
i've used these a lot since i got them and they're totally worth it . i think they're going to be in my shop a long time
good bag for the money . holds a sufficient number of tools securely . good functionality inside to store tools and small items . price was right . recommended .
i was willing to get this type of set up , as far as i am a woodworking begginer and will enjoy a lot .
really like this saw . very powerful , a little heavy , but boy does it do the job . wish it came with a case though .
it's a fine brass hammer for the price . just be very careful of hidden costs , preferably shipping costs.lite - duty hammer
the rockwell rw9123 . 3 sonicrafter precision end cut blade is exactly what is supposed to be . completely satisfied & good value . will order again when needed .
the light is very faint . you may need several if you want to use it for lighting the walkways . seems well made .
works great . small and handy and brings a fine sharp end to my blades . star removed for safety ; you've got to grip carefully .
i have a house that was built in the late 1800 ' s so i have low water pressure this takes care of that issue nicely .
like other reviewers , i couldn't believe the bargain price for these 4 tools . tools work great . bag is a nice extra . price is awesome .
it works but not exactly from dawn till dusk as described . it turns on when the bathroom light is off and gives off an eery reddish orange color .
these are basically replacement part for the main product.check out the main product . give it a thought if you are into woodworking .
i like these because they have secure stacking feature that prevents the bins from separating easily if jostled or bumped .
it is at least 50 % brighter than my old led , although i have to say it is somewhat hotter too . overall , i would recommend .
will be used lot . good product . have not used it yet , but am sure that i will and that it will perform just as advertised .
over all this exceeded my expectations in all ways including price and quality i will buy again it actually fits my 18v drill as well as the impact driver
one of leathermans better tools . i bought this with the 40 - bit assortment bit drivers and they fit into the sheath with the tool .
for the price it can't be beat ! bright beam . no problem with the switch . very bright . love it . highly recommend .
standard lantern , made in china , works fine for my needs . good price , and comes with battery , so it's a bargain ,
fit easy and quickly into the impact hex keyed drill and there is no need for the chuck key anymore .
the hose has no leaks and seems to be made of a nice durable rubber . with normal care and use this hose should last a long time .
it hasn't detected anything yet , but i'm still alive to write this review , so i have no complaints . easy to install .
product is as advertised and works well adapting between the 2 1 \ 2 inch craftsman hose to the smaller hoses that came with my shop-vac .
this may not be meant for heavy-duty use , but for a basic household step stool , it is working just fine .
an excellent way to bar anyone from uninvitedly coming in the door , anywhere ( as long as the door opens inward ) ..
put in new garage to control the volume . so far so good . nice product and works well . would buy again . thanks
does just what it claims . i am happy with the price and the product . lots left over for other rust !
whatcha gonna say ? this is a bit that cuts thru sh'all kinds of stuff . resilient , tough and long lasting , i've no complaints .
great product . heavy duty and works as advertised . was able to adapt my shop vac system to my table saw dust collector
i was installing tongue and groove in my house and needed a little help and this machine was more than i expected , i would diffinitely recommend this product
this is a must have for home or office . i use mine all the time . the biggest problem is keeping it from " walking away " .
this item made our work percise and worry free . would buy again and again . we used it time and again . we were not drilling blind .
compared to some others , this item was well priced for the features . i like the seasonal switch over feature . it is easy to use and install .
exactly as described , shipped promptly and seems to be well made , so lasted through the job for which it was purchased
this is the improved model . now has led and as a bonus a tiny holster . i have been using an older model for years .
my wide is a graphic designer and this lamp helps her a lot since she does initial designs on paper before going to her pc
not that bright but i leavethem on and they never burn out i love these lights gonna buy more maybe brighter ones
was time to replace an old beat up one so found these . ordered two of them since the price was so reasonable . quality is perfect
this lamp not only works well it looks good . it was the perfect light for my room and allows me more light if i need it .
really good sunglasses that double as safety glasses . they could be darker for really bright summer days , but other than that i'm happy with them .
i purchased two of these bit extensions and attached them together for a longer reach . they are very strong and easy switch from bit to bit .
makes short work of trimming in those hard to get to places . my multi trunk crepe myrtle needed some thinning and this was the only solution .
it worked ok . wish it would of sharpened it better but for the price can't really complain to much about it .
i absolutely love this tool bag . it hold everything i need . all of my co-workers are jealous . use it every day .
i needed some wire that i could solder easily and hold up to a mild current and this wire is awesome .
this faucet looks great in my new kitchen , and it is so convenient and easy to use . so far i love it ,
the sensors are tempermental and the light does not cover a significant area considering how many little bulbs are on a stick
i received this item very quickly . it works very well for the projects that i like to weld in my shop .
if you want to save time , back aches , etc . get this tool . i wish i would have sooner . highly recommended . it's very dependable
product is very well made and the sale was quick and cheap would reccommend and will buy again in the future
it is easy to confuse this with the led version . it's much less money and much less light . be careful .
like stanley because of guarantee and made in usa . this is a great set to use around the house for my wife and myself
these goggles are well made . the flip-up is very convenient . would have given 5 stars , but the seal around the face is slightly uncomfortable .
the dorcy 41-1406 mini flexible led flashlight with belt clip , 8 - lumens , silver , is a great light . you can use it anywhere if needed .
the seams in the fingertips will hurt if you are out in cold weather . very irritating . the palms feel like they could rip at any moment .
is being used in my work truck to store audio video cables , and plates so i could condense my stock
these work well , but they are intended for extremely small screws . something the size of a 4-40 is much too large .
we replaced the old mercury thermostat with this one . it is simple to install . works and looks great . love the backlit display .
i purchased these slides for my tool box . the old slides on the bottom drawer broke . these slides are quality , and they installed easy .
this is a pretty good sander for the money it costs . not a professional grade but good for occasional use
great addition to garage that can be easily moved to guest room . reviewed several other fireplaces this size and happy with this decision .
works very well and does exactly what it's supposed to do.the label is a cheap piece of paper that comes off easily , but that's fixed easily enough .
very handy saw for quick jobs ... happpy with the power and simple features . not the right saw to use if your planning on an all day job .
very well made with minimal plastic . when you adjust the head it stays there ! the dimming feature works great and it looks very stylish .
they sit well on my nose and the anti-fog acually works . the rubber ear tips grip you head nicely and keep them from slipping .
very good fit and they seal nicely . a good buy and free shipping is always nice ... would buy again ... recommended to my friends
it is exactly the same as my old ge garbage disposal and much more affordable , so glad i found this disposal . no problems with it all .
i used this jig for the first time today and it performed beautifully . it was very easy to use , especially with the alignment pin.bob
after using different electronic stud finders i decided to try this cheapy . i will not go back to electronic finders .
this is a really great device . can't believe how nice it is and how well it works ! beats the heck out of big cluncky time clock !
great heater i bought it as a gift and had to buy one for my self to mount in front of my car for when i work on it
offset really works so only one outlet is blocked by it . very high quality construction . very grippy and easy to plug / unplug .
it is a small paint can for little jobs . not cost effective if covering a large area . get a large can if doing a lot of coverage .
the width of this blade makes it easy to make flush cuts . i use it for trimming splines and it performs well , very little sanding required .
this is an excellent product for all of your craft needs . from shaping to polishing this set has it all . excellent product .
loved it , , not much else to say but it is a nice addition to the other crap in my garage .
this is a replacement shield . the important feature is that it fits the existing shield properly . it did fit properly .
cuts well and is well constructed . comes in a handy hard see through box for storage ... doesn't roll around in the drawer .
the unit is everything i expected and works just fine . i would recommend this for anyone who has the need .
the mirkas hold up very well with very little build up and excellent edge wear
i love this little light and you guys out there got to buy one it only uses one 16650 buy one today
this was a gift for our son . he was having trouble with creatures harming the chickens . now that is a thing of the past .
nifty practical little kit .. great for when you dont need to pull out the big stuff or small home repairs .
works great , made my own mount and got it hooked up and running . no problems easy to install . thanks
i thought this would be a good set to have , but it was a waste of money . poor quality and fairly useless tools !
these rope ratchets are awesome , they hold a lot of weight and are very easy to adjust ! i highly recommend these !
cell's too easy in your pocket.beats using a lot of work but it is really useful when used briefly.essential to have attend the programmer .
i used this to time charge my cell phone . after 3 months of usage , it doesn't even turn on anymore .
this was quick to install and really fun ! it has been a great option for us and i really like it .
i've had these gloves for about two months and they have held up very well . i will buy additional pairs in the future .
very handy to have around the shop , can be used for a variety of puposes . also , you can trim down the bristles for a stiffer brush .
this is probably great for large bulky gloves , unfortunately i got it to dry out slim fitting women's garden gloves . no dice .
very bright less draw on the batteries but you will have to modify the ring that holds it in place minor work for a rotarytool
the buttons are too small and the black color make it difficult to see esp in the dark . i wouldn't recommend this product .
i love this attachment . i have used to so much that i need to purchase new router bits now ! it's perfect for small crafts .
i bought these to go with a porter-cable compressor and they are a great addition and are made very well .
very nice kitchen faucet . works well and looks great . just make sure the water line connections are very secure or they will come apart after awhile ..
although pricy , arrived quickly via ups . installed in a few minutes , then i was back to work .
i love this tool . i use it more for drilling holes and installing screws . the tool is perfect for my use .
i would reccomend this dip to any one to dip their nozzle in to keep weld splatter from building up .
i used this as a bug screen for a slider , and it worked great dogs can run through it , and the magnets are strong .
haven't used it a ton , but it looks like a good quality hose that will stand up to wear . plenty flexible .
the perfect tool to save some money over going to the dealer . great quality tool that will last for years !
does the job but a little too job specific . blade comes off while doing the work .
perfect little all in one screwdriver for a variety of small projects - throw one in your backpack just in case
this arrived broken and was returned . would have been a great tool for me for crafts .
bought these to go along with some wall control galvanized steel pegboards . fit perfectly , good quality , and functional . just what i was looking for .
i bought these because they were on sale . i've been using milwaukee blades for years
perfect ! worked just like my previous sliders and yet these will stay in place permanently so i can easily move furniture to clean . well worth it .
i have a couple of these lamps that i use woodworking . i've been using them for a number of years . they easily clamp to benches .
really like the fact that it's all metal and built quality is good.it looks good and the dial to turn water off feel very fluid .
i've got this drill from cpo outlet . this 18v drill is the most powerful i have used . i would highly recommend this drill for any professional contractors .
sturdy , good light output , touch switch is nice . i bought one and after i used it i bought another one . five thumbs up !
after one tightening of a collar , the allen wrench included was stripped and the screw was stripped . really ? that's the best they can do ?
wreaks of quality , just the way i like it and expect it from milwaukee products . you will not be disappointed purchasing this item .
it works as it should ! good solid build quality and feel ! what more can you ask for ? would buy again !
i purchased this mini aa cell flashlite , for myself . this item was made in usa , basic reason i purchased , this flashlite .
this toolkit serves me well when i need to open my laptops , tablets , cell phones , watches , and all other small electronic devices .
basic reflector for extra light . light distribution not even enough for photo lighting , which was one of my many intended uses .
they are energy savers and easy to store . the regular lightbulb doesn't stack a well and they don't last as long .
i have used this product on several repairs already and am well pleased with the way it works . just right .
these are very nice blades last quite long stays sharp not recommended for cutting treated wood other than that it is great
took less that 5 mins to program to my garage door opener . works great and real quick shipping . was easy to program and instructions come in package .
fast shipping , reasonable price , it is just what i needed to go with the new black and decker screw driver
super good batteries that hold a charge . but a couple and never be without a fresh battery . buy with confidence . the charger works very well .
these " baby " locks serve a beneficial purpose - keep the rift-raft out of my luggage and other items ; well - satisfied
not as bright as i had hoped but it does a good job of lighting the area in absolute darkness .
very handy . i love having another avenue into my shed garage doors , since i keep losing my remotes . 12 22
great light intensity , nice design , flexible , nice heavy base ... very nice desk lamp . does not alter color of paper being viewed
i love these things ... don't fog up and are comfortable ... i was thinking of trying the smoked lens model next ...
bought this to work on my rig and other electronics in the house . this allows me to reach tight gaps such as my pc tower .
for the everyday shop dovetailing this jig works really nice . easy to use and with alittle practice you can make quality dovetails .
fast and simple says it all . very easy to use . does a great job . i don't think there is much more to ask for .
made solid , not flimsy . is marked on both side . i bought this mostly for leather working and it will serve its purpose quite well .
pros :d oes the job . fits perfectly to the impact driver and to the sockets it is made for.cons :d id not really find any .
install was pretty easy even bought a one for neighbor and installed it for her ; she makes the best cookies ;)
the main problem i had was why it didnt just come ready build why i had to put it togather my self
great for any shower . the water feels softer . the brushed nickel matches perfectly with kohler brushed nickel . i'm glad i found these
these are great multi-pupose blades for wood , sheetrock , etc . but watch out for nails ! nails will dull the blade very quickly !
easy to assemble . easy to attach to ladder . works even when installed on the ladder extension .
does what it says , converts an outlet to a light bulb socket . works well with many different wattage bulbs , and a good price .
live the quality handle . you buy the right stuff , you buy it once . german quality rocks . i do recommend it .
these are nice shooting gloves . i don't always wear them , but sometimes they're nice to put on when firing the larger caliber handguns .
perfect to check the ac vents temperatures and hot / cold spots in the house , also to check the temperature on food while cooking .
this bag is very big and nice . the shoulder strap was missing the clip and is unusable , but the bag is very good .
make great work or shooting glasses . very high quality lense , really surprised me . more like 20 dollar glasses than 5 dollar .
i lost my first one so bought another one to work with the super duper one that is all the rage now .
installs in 5 minutes . seems like it will do the trick when the time comes . purchased 4 more in addition to this one .
i love this knife sharpener because its somethings that can be brought camping and its quite small , so you can sharpen knives on the go !
looks just like the pic , like it , works well , any stanley fat max brand item i have used is very rugged .
so good to have when you do . these are super light weight and comfortable . they are broad and wide enough to give good protection . great buy !
i like this cart very much . fits all my small mig welder tools and accessories , quality is great and price is right . i would recommend to buy
if you want to build something quickly with a strong joint these kreg jigs are excellent . my wife likes it more than me .
perfect for the refrigerator ! ! gives a pure white light that illuminates every corner of the fridge ! obviously not for ovens !
this is a normal power cord , i bought it because it was the cheapest price at the time . works fine as expected .
not very bright on multiple settings , but inexpensive and serves it's purpose . worth the few dollars for what it does .
this base is indespencible when making bowl projects and work where you it is hard to use a fixed base
i bought both remotes due to not knowing witch one would work right with my fan . this was the one i needed .
what can i say that you dont already know . bosch quality , amazon price , its a great starter pack if you are new to jigsaws like me .
jet makes great fittings for their dust collectors . these make it easy to disconnect the tools to move around in the workshop .
not a bad price for a handle with a piece of flat metal attached . kinda stiff , and good in tight places . bazinga .
does the task that it was designed to do pretty well . does its job well enough to be included in the tools that i carry to many jobs .
i have had many over the years but i keep buying stanleys products because i know i can rely on stanley
they were a little difficult to install . they fit extremely tight ! i definitely recommend heating the tires in hot water to soften them up first .
i ordered four ... they came in brand new , no side-effects ... just had to expand it a little for it to fit ...
perfect for working under sink cabinets . magnets are surprisingly strong . adjustable light beam very helpful depending on need . would very much recommend .
these gloves are a great fit and i love wearing them . they aren't too constrictive and provide moderate sweat control . they shield the heat very well !
super bright flashlight . great for at work and projects at home with the adjustable beam makes for a great light source when working in the dark
i'm a diyer and this fits perfectly in my tool box . has lots of various tips and good magnets in the bit holders .
my misuse of the ceramic edge has left the v ... not so v anymore . its not its fault , its mine . i love this item . :(
presentable but slightly disappointed with wire shielding . i guess you get what you pay for.works well with no " registered " internal resistance . good cheap replacement
they could last longer i guess , but that is the only thing i can find wrong with these , i will be buying more when i need them .
blade is easily changeable and handle is strong . great buy but i guess i got the last one here . highly recommended .
this medium duty shelving unit is just the right size at 30 inches wide ... very well made and looks great too .
i bought these for my 6 cell maglite and they work great and last forever . you cant beat these batteries for the price and quality .
i liked the dual sensor properties . they mounted right over the existing openings and plugged right in to the wiring in place . a 10 minute task .
great pockets screws . work great in soft wood which i use a lot . stick with the fine ones for hard wood .
a heavy weight to it and it does what it is supposed to do . glad i bought it . . .
a candleabra tip for a bulb , these give a pleasing light . just not needed for most applications as most bulbs use the larger standard size .
estwing makes great hammers . this one feels perfectly balanced and is easy to control . on top of that it is a great looking hammer .
light duty , but will be okay in our hobby room . its better than the brand they sell at a big box store .
works great , integrates with adt pulse easily . as long as you know what you are doing electrical wise , you are good .
at the time i bought them it did not list wire guage . these are not useful for any current only for signal .
this is a well made , very sturdy tool . easily cuts and strips wires . much better than other strippers i've owned .
i love these stabilizers . they work great on uneven surfaces . no more blocking up the ladder . these are easy to install as well .
very good saw . porter cable is always reliable , dependable and long lasting . my preferred brand for all my shop tools .
put it on some wood stairs , and the water just cascades off . not only efficient but fun to watch / neat !
this is a great tool for getting a great tenon fit . i have not seen any problems with this tool .
i like it .. works great and has many features . good return for your money , makita is makita no reason to buy something else
no regrets well made and i have 2 of them.this kind of tool mag doesnt make noise in my truck even on rough roads . brian m in baton rouge
this is my third one . a great product , no problems . i just hope no more relatives move in and take up my garage .
i always thought the idea of having this was interesting . you never know when you'll need a sharp knife . you know , like for cutting up boxes .
this 4 pack of l's is a nice package deal to add to my collection of machined alphabets . if only the offered them in p's and q's .
if you're looking for something to lit up your entire neighborhood .. this is it , it is bright enough to use for driving :-p
works great , what else is there to say about a squeegee . it cleans a clear path and doesn't leave streaks on glass .
this light is not only good for the average homeowner also , the business owner and the functions are great for personal security and emergency service personnel .
this was enough voltage for over 10 led lights in the backyard . we have had it for over a year now without any problems .
i installed it for my and she likes the functionality of setting desired lighting level ( the touch once or touch twice function ) .
not as sticky for the price . i sanded then wiped with acetone then sanded and wiped with alcohol . does not hold as good fot the price .
this is the best charger that i have used to date . it is filled with features and when used properly it should not harm your batteries .
this is a no brainer , the new dustbag is a big improvement over the earlier still amazing sanders , love it
these are ok little straps . but little is the operative word . they are much smaller than they appear in the picture .
this vac is awesome ! great power . compact form factor . long battery life . clever clean out reservoir too . how did i live without it ?
nice " little " work light . throws a lot of light and the magnetic feet are a bonus . would recommend this purchase .
this stuff does work better than tapping with motor oil . goes a long way too .
i wished the color was a bit more beige but the seat fit perfect . very easy to put on and much lighter weight than the wood ones .
i use this brush to clean rust from small projects that rust remover fails to remove . i recommend this brush if you do smaller projects .
for anyone who installs outlets in new construction ; or repairs / replaces outlets in older buildings ; this is an ' must have ' tool .
son and wife live on rural lot , minimal lights outside at night . this spotlight gives them the beside-door lamp to check out night noises .
worked well for the job i needed them for ( dismantle a blackberry ) . they where comftable to use and i am happy .
it may be fairly pliant and work may also be easy-to-use.it is somewhat small although it is japanese me .
i am sure the quality of the picture is far better on the more expensive models , but for the price this is a very solid device .
received these pliers and were an instan t addition to my small tool collection for minor repairs to my motorcycle and small jobs in house
replaced the old pump on my high efficiency furnace with the little giant . it works perfectly and it is quiet . what more do you need ? chasman
popped this blade in my dremel as soon as it arrived ! works perfect , beyond expectations !
there are a few mobile platforms wout there . this one is able to adjust to many 1 " increment sizes . ! !
this product works great when you are blending two wall joints together . it is easy to use and offers little too no shrinkage .
no instructions , can't tell if the clutch is working or not , , it's rather bulky for a bit holder , don't really care for this tool at all
just by smell i can tell this filter removes chlorine . when it needs to be changed i start smelling chlorine again .
this box sits in the back of my corolla with all the tools and emergency supplies i need . rugged and handy .
i purchased this to replace the remote that i lost . it was easy to program and has a great range .
good quality & value ... adequate power and run time . comes with arbor tool.quick and easy depth and angle adjustments .
i could not be happier with this little flash light ! it is crazy bright and has taken a beating . a great product .
good product , appears to be well made it should work great for some re-wiring that needs to be done in my house .
i made some panel doors from scratch for a spice cabinet , and this bit worked great for the european style inset hinges i installed in them .
just what you need to install gila's window tint film with less hassle than trying to locate all of the pieces yourself .
i would give it a 5 star it did not arrive with the handle bent out of shape - product it self is an ace + + +
if you want to use your kreg system on thinner stock , this works great , and no different than the normal kreg jig !
not warm , does not fit my socket perfectly , and does not dim very well . when will this light bulb chaos be over ?
these are are good not too bold which is good , i don't like softy glasses to stand out too much .
these techni edge #11 hobby blades - 100 pack work well . come in nice container wrapped to help keep moisture out.very sharp .
i bought this hitachi bag to keep a couple of nailers in it ... and it works very well . heavy material and a strong zipper . perfect ...
standard replacement for any light . mounted right to the existing box . install was easy . ( just turn the power off first ! )
this jig system was easy to use and i was able to easily create a closet shelf support system that is strong and functional .
makes for clean lines , and you only have to replace one switch , not the whole bank to toggle switches . good for the cost too . ,
the quality is adequate , a good tool to have in your box as it offers several different tips.the fit and finish looks good as well .
i don't use this for much but it's great for those clamshell packages . i don't even try to struggle with those packages anymore .
great light . could not ask for anything more . buy it you won't be sorry . everything works and it is bright , very bright . 5 stars
my old scissors died . these are new , quite sharp , and a convenient size . they make great sewing scissors also . great !
installed this shower head in my coachmen travel trailer bath and the improved ease of use and increased water pressure is very satisfying . highly recommend !
this beautiful little contraption is a marvel and a wonder that has somewhat resurrected my older rechargeable batteries , giving them a slightly longer lease on life .
i hanged pictures with these strips , pictures fall down , hit floor , destroy baseboard , it is not worth it , never buy them
what can i say they are gloves . they work well lol . i got tan because i like the color . i would buy them again .
if you use this with respect to its size , you will be pleased like me . very cool little case with pop-up bit tray . great assortment .
great looking product , i would have gave it a 5 star rating if was made out of metal instead of plastic . very pricey for plastic .
seems reliable and i like the temperature color coding adjustment so you can gauge within a few degrees temp differences on walls , windows , doors , etc .
seems to be a great value . i've only used one bit but it seems to be made of a hard alloy ..
no problem with this one at all . if you are looking for a few sheets of sandpaper then you will be happy .
it seems to work but gets stuck from time to time when you switch to different directions . not sure about a " perfect " quality .
my husband loves it , say's the guide on it works great , the blade does not move on him like some he has had in the past
quality greatly exceeded my expectations based upon the relatively low price . these appear to be very well made , which seems to be the norm for clc products .
i have another set that looks like they are candles , and while i love those they dont give off much light ... these do !
comparable model in other brands were far more expensive ... assembly of the cord plug onto sj cord was easy . will buy again !
works like a leatherman should . no issues thus far . blades all lock nicely when in use and fold away nicely when finished .
this was the part number i got off the kohler web page . it fit exactly like the original part . recommended
does a great job and connects easily . only minor problem is that it doesn't quite fully open , but haven't had any issues with debris building up .
tiny and super , super bright . i started using mine the night that they arrived . the zoom feature is by far the coolest selling point of these .
original remote found it's way under 8/ 4 x 8 " plank - had to replace - otherwise it held up through a lot of abuse .
really bright , but beam is not adjustable . but who cares ? ! it runs on two aas and it is great . nice solid feel .
this is beautiful at night . i use it in the bathroom . just enough light , and it is mild to the just awakening eyes .
this doesn't give an edge i can shave with like a japanese waterstone , but is more convenient for maintaining an adequate edge for most outdoors and utility purposes .
this is a nice light tool for 1 " or less pexs or pvc and it is small enough to get into tight spaces
no complaints . i purchased this ( along with the filters ) for lead paint removal . it is reasonably comfortable and the first seems ok .
installed a few of these around the house . very simple to program , and it works well . set the program and let it does its own thing .
the tekton wood handle 32 oz rubber mallet was a great purchase . priced right and just works for that little extra encouragement to make it fit .
tool is able to move around a little more than i would like other than that it works perfectly and seems to be made very strong .
does the job and keeps the cord where you need it rather than having to hang loose cords everywhere . i recommend it .
works great for simple jobs . don't force too hard on really stuck nuts or bolds . not designed for too much tork .
this is a fantastic tool to tell what the temperature is anywhere in the shop area and then also to be able to pinpoint temperatures in engine compartment
this product was exactly as it was described in the advertisement . i would recommend this to anyone and would purchase it again if needed .
very nice set of punch for the money . they all seems very durable and they works perfectly . you can't go wrong with these .
this is a grounded three outlet adapter . that means that the part that plugs into the wall is three pronged . solid design for indoor use .
after having received these and using them , i really like them ; and will be ordering them again i am sure .
well built with metal parts . even though small , will do the job it is supposed to do . small and compact and good for small soldering work .
available for less elsewhere - but otherwise a good buy - and very versatile when it comes to power adapters .
these little guys really light up the path to the house and the landscaping . love the look they give my normally dark yard .
reasonable value . it is a required purchase to go with the gerber pocket tool 01471.comes with it's own cool sheath
used this to seal the edges of our fireplace stovepipe and chimney and it worked great ! does what it is supposed to do !
i have had this for quite a while with no problems ... it is as quiet as claimed ... just a tad bit heavy to lug around .
this is a great buy for one on a a budget , it is a quality wheel , but it is only 3/4 " thick .
these are very nice nail sets . especially for the price . i love the cusioned grip and the color coding , which is a thoughful touch .
excelent for hardwork , makes hardwoork easy and fast.very good and powerful toolrecomended for home use and hardwork .
this item worked as expected and was half the price of the same unit at home depot . purchased 2 and returned the one from home depot .
great portable saws all . i would not have anything but a dewalt in my tool box . last and does not give you problems .
the point is very sharp and these do not work at all on anything . you cannot even pull a hair because they don't close very well .
such quality . i have been looking for a saw like this . it is so easy to use does the job and such power
got it for a good price ... a very tough saw . i have no complaints at all . makita makes very quality stuff .
this is killer great machine i bet i can grind up almost anything in it and fits fine under sink with about a foot to go under it .
great . once you have one , you will wonder how you got along all of these years with out one .
i used this to replace my brake discs . it was very easy to use and it did the job well .
purchased this cord for using with my mig welder . great length for using my welder any where in or around the garage .
works great , charges battery packs fast . this product is great because i had lost my charging cable that came with my drill .
great little flashlight , has come in handy with out last power outages that we have been having with snow storms .
great reserve and gives plenty of power for all my dewalt cordless tools . dewalt is my brand of choice for power tools .
perfect . the feet really make it so that fact alone make these clamps superior to almost any other i've used . would buy again and again .
i made my own router table but could never seem to get the plate flush with top till i installed these .
as usual with kreg every screw in the box was good , but not the cheapest way to buy them so i only dothis when they are on sale .
i am very happy with this purchase , has very good features to do a good energy audit without breaking the bank .
the new lithium-ion battery provides strong long lasting working power to the lxt 211 and bml 185 which i recently added to my shop tools .
this is a well built flashlight and the rechargeable feature is great . the low , medium and high output and the strobe modes all work well .
this device added a lot of projects to my mini lathe by extending it ; s capacity.everyhing fit well and all the a \ hardware was available
these are exceptional quality , very small as shown , very powerful , use minimal battery and have a wonderful focus optionthese are preferable to much more expensive flashlights .
i used this to operate a 12v dc fan . it works well , and is relatively inexpensive . small enough to mount almost anywhere .
i bought the door chimes to replace two broken ones of another brand . they were easy to put in and look good .
the dewalt brads work great ! no jamming ... feed correctly every time in my bostich air nailer and my paslode impulse nailer .
nothing looks as good as halogen . the energy savings is nice . about half as bright as an average 50 watt mr16 .
great deal . i'm going to buy another one before the price increases . the beam is adjusted by a slide that moves the lens in and out .
nice little step ladder . bought this to replace one i lost in a breakup . literally the only thing i wanted back .
the lights are very bright and alternate ... it looks very nice in the garden . lasts for about 5-6 hours after sunset ( max . )
chunk of metal for sharpening . worked better than anything from harbor freight etc . didn't touch it out of the box .
love this color and shine , very metallic and works great for what we got it for . will be buying more soon .
this was just as described , nice product and it cam quickly it will work great for extending the showerhead just as description says
there are plenty in this package to cover all the sockets in my apartment . they cover well and the cover goes back on flush with the wall .
i use this for a wilderness fire blanket and love it . highly recommended . i will buy another one of these .
these are perfect for riding my motorcycle . crap doesn't get in my eyes from the sides .
nothing fancy but it gives you extra storage for a fair price . the bins are deep enough to put some bigger stuff into them .
i don't use this tool often , but it is built well , made out of good material and a solid extension bit if it is needed .
i have a similar one for timing outdoor lights and it works really well . not dificult to install or program . not for heavy duty electrical .
i have been using this set for the past couple of years and haven't had any problems with them . recommended .
this is an excellent tool and seems to have plenty of power . it ’ s so handy to have a inch battery operated drill .
no complaints at all . this works as advertised . it produced hot air immediately and gets fully up to temp within about 15-20 seconds .
these lithium batteries are leaps and bounds above those poorly operating ni-cad batteries . if you want performance from a dewalt 18 volt tool , you need these batteries !
hardest part about the entire installation of these rods is unpacking these . look great and seem to be well constructed .
it's a level . there's not much to say here . this works as you would expect a level to work . no complaints at all .
water saver - works great ! not designed nor functions as a shut off valve . installs easy and operates easy . one
this worked great as a vent cap , which is what it is supposed to do , it just seemed a little bigger and bulkier than i expected .
now i know my fan will stay put ... =] quick delivery , and reasonable price . new install , and new fan will help cool the living room .
something different for a night light in the bathroom . it lights just enough and the colors are a pleasant change .
this is so much nicer than my old ( stolen ) unit ... that was over 50 years old . the fit is precise .
these look nice , were easy to install , and work great , very solid . i'm very happy with the purchase . thank you .
good product . however came without the retail package . new or used ? dunno . it ' looks unused . minus 1 star for that .
placed outside of door , and connects well from 15 feets away in the house . bell sounds very cheap but who cares .
i've been using this with a bosch portable jobsite saw on red oak . it leaves a perfectly smooth cut , it's quite remarkable .
woodworkers warehouse.com has the delta jointers for much less - 379 for this model and only 549 for a much better model .
i bought two of these a few months ago and except for not dimming very well am very happy with them .
certainly has removed the clutter in my garage effective and worth the outlay ! easy to mount works as intended very stable .
porter cable hit this one on the head . the micro adjuster makes it worth every penny . easy to set up .
the blades are good as the factory rockwell blades but are way cheaper in price . i recommend these if you want to save money on blades
this is a great idea , but i wish the suction cup worked better . i'm still always scared it'll fall down ( with good reason ) .
great tool box . i purchased it to keep some small ratchet straps together while hauling items on my trailer . very handy and duarble
a good quality hex drive socket adapter from dewalt . works as expected and a great addition to my tool kit .
an electric cord is just that . but it is a nice cord and is all the description states and has worked well .
i haven't really used this yet but all my family said i need to buy it . said it works great
this one is better then the older one that can be converted to an led , the light is crisp and brighter
great for those miscellaneous tasks that require tie-downs . plenty of length and durable . i was expecting less considering the price point . no disappointments as of yet .
i used this set for small electronics repair . it's solid and very high-quality . the driver is very comfortable to hold .
having a spare is importanti haven't used this one yet , the other one is still good after 600 holes
once you get over the cost , these are great ! you can make them any size , they fold up quick and are super strong and very stable .
this flashlight is small and with a very bright shine . it has been working nicely so far and seems to be durable . it's somewhat expensive though .
bought this for my paintball scenario kit . light is very focus and directed and has a long range . build quality is excellent . no complaints .
these are stainless steel pick sets . i should have no problem getting to the source of the problem with these . look out crud , here i come !
when you have to wait for hot water and it seams like minutes ... this point-of-use mini hot water tank is your answer .
gets the job done . comes with several starter sticks , and extra strength sticks to use . has a stand and mat which are a big plus .
i've wanted one of these for years , took me about 2 mins to install and works great . should have looked years ago ...
i have other kreg jigs and love everyone of them . they work great to assemble wood parts quickly and strong .
i've been using this with my little porter cable pancake compressor and framing nailer while building a fence . i like the quality of it .
very durable and very sharp and very precise . exactly what you would want in a cutter tool for the leftover soldering wire .
if you could fall in love with drill bits it would be these ! excellent bits , nice case , durable ! and the price was great as well !
i use this on my wood lathe with the magnetic base and it puts the light where i want it .
i needed a finer tooth blade for finish work and this blade has worked fine . i have no complaints about the product .
this has nice chrome plating , smooth threads . doesn't leak , either . what more could one expect from a chrome shower pipe ?
i bought one to see how it works and then bought two more to keep my various masonry , wood , etc bits separately organized .
i like this item , very good quality . make my work more easy . i love it this sander , very good for me .
this bulb has all the benefits of led , and the traditional shape . this means i can use it with clip on lampshades .
this thing is sharp . cuts like butter in walnut , bloodwood & other exotic hardwoods . i would most certainly recommend it you will not be disappointed ~ !
i purchased this product thinking it would fit my other fences but it dose not . i guess i can figure something out .
great if you want a set of air tools that work . it met my expectation , ... you just need teflon tape and you are good to go
3 year old wanted a flashlight for living room forts and helping daddy . the led is bright and doesn't wear down batteries . excellent flashlight .
goodyear quality , cheap price , better than harbor freight for around the same price . good flexibility . not for dragging floors everyday , will probably wear out .
not a bad lamp nice color makes it really romantic is light are out , butt i did expected more of of it
the product was just as described . it arrived in perfect condition and snapped right on . i enjoy the glossy , contemporary white look .
inanimate object that gave no backtalk . it plugs in once , it allows two to go in where one once was the max.used with portable generator .
this bit is very handy , it can get you into places that is hard to get to . and save you time .
got mine today , love it really rips through anything i throw at it . highly recommend this one to anyone looking for a tough affordable sawzall .
good set to have all the way up to half inch awesome with impact . drivers .. use all the time they are must have for the tool bag
fantastic tool . my wife and i both love it . the only problem we have is that we both want to use it all the time .
works for intendeed job it was made for so far , and has made my life a little easier . would recomend order again if needed .
the cost is low for these pipe clamps , but the quality is fine . they work as well as other more-expensive clamps . no complaints .
this is a standard gang . fits the items i have well . matches my other white ones . sturdy enough to do the job .
very accurate tool . much better than trying to align saw using a saw blade .
battery charges fast and lasts a long time . it is lightweight and i have yet to have any problems with it .
the light is brighter than the incandescent bulb that originally came with the flashlight . can't comment on long term use yet . i'll update if problems occur .
i do not like ladders , but this unit is very stable , lightweight , and i feel steady on it . very happy with the purchase .
i would reccomend this hd jig to anybody who needs build tihgt secure joints on thier projects , buy one now .
the small roller came in handy when painting close to the outlets and edges . the big rollers were decent quality . got two days worth out of them .
easy to set up . good replacement for a single door garage . the others with more buttons are more expensive so this is perfect .
these fixed the drafts coming out around the outlets on exterior walls in the winter . every little bit helps in the cold winters .
very good quality . not the cheap ones we have had before . they do run small so order a size larger than you normally do .
its plenty loud and the flashing light will certainly get your attention . i was suprised to get such a high quality machine for such a good price .
not sure if i bought the wrong connectors . i just ended up crimping the connector with pliers . what a waste !
fits the warmer edger perfectly . they are a bit pricier than the shurline but you get more mileage out of then .
this was indeed a good roll of kaptan in a nice width . it has worked well in all my high-temp applications.the silicone adhesive is surprisingly sticky .
i've put a pair of these through the paces and they have not slipped even once . they are a great deal compared with others .
when paired up with the miter saw stand , it is the perfect accessory for managing long pieces of flat lumber
my original charger had a whining noise from the get go that got worse until it stopped working . the new one just sounds like it is running .
but if u going to radio shack or somewhere u will get a better one with similar level of price .
bought this set for working on setting up my guitars . good quality set with about all i will need , good storage for pegboard .
this is way better than bits in a pile . the sizes are easy to read and easy to find the bit i need .
this product works ok . you still need to check and clean up with a chisle to make your corners sharp .
i really like this tool too . it fits in the box with the drill too . the lithium-ion make it easier to use .
i think this pocket pal sharpener made by " smith " is useable , but i would prefer the diamond impregnated rod to be a little longer .
another quality product from kreg . so glad i purchased the kreg pocket hole jig . this assorted screw pack is a must and makes selection very easy .
exceed my expectation , love it , do a lot of sanding and shaping . i highly recommend to anyone that use wood working . thank you
great compact router . easily interchangeable between the plunge base and the fixed base .
great quality , light weight and compact , does the job quickly . who could ask for more ... well maybe if it were free and automatic .
bought this to check it out and my wife liked it so much i gave it to her and now i have to buy myself one ...
these are good screwdrivers for the cost and work great as a shop tool . i recommend these screwdrivers to anyone .
i have several of these duel sensor smoke detectors in my home , they not only pick up smoke but heat as well
the sensor didn't work because i ordered the wrong equipment . need a reverse of the on & off . i'm sure it would work in the right situation .
extra fine tip ! works great for precision measurement especially for dovetails . i do not foresee any issues coming out of this knife .
this has definitely is the best blade i have ever used . it is a good investment . i am planning to buy the crosscut blade also .
these are great on jigs for table saw , router table jigs , clamping , etc . everyone should be happy using them and keeping some on hand .
i love this roll.the only thing is that the closure size isn t so flexible , so if it is not full enough , it will stay loose .
i gave these to my nieces for christmas ... they love them ... i use this for a whole year ... still working ... strong ... looks waterproof too
hi all , to all dremel users . you will enjoy working with this straight edge guide.enjoy , thomas
the instructions are a little bit difficult to understand , but overall it is functional and i enjoy it . looks as advertised .
this knob is beautiful . i also purchased the hall knobs without the lock as well . they match all of my brushed nickel items .
just very poor light coming out will not cover anything , very short battery life , and it is not working after 6 months .
these bits make drilling into concrete a painless affair when used with a rotary hammer drill . they hold their edge well and are tough and well contructed .
this is a good quality repair product , however the color match will always be a little off because of all the different tub brands , nothing is perfect .
i can do just about everything with this jig . micro adjust is nice . more than i have needed from it with the circle cutting jig
this a pretty good device for the price . it is accurate enough . readingsare within 2 degrees of other devices .
perfect in every way . it fit my palm sander perfectly . my only suggestion would be that bosch should include this with palm routers .
got this to possibly speed up the cure time for polyurethane finishes . work wel but really not any better the a good low heat source .
i'd give it 0 stars if i could . very flimsy and bend wayyy to easily . we will not purchase again .
bought this for a stocking stuffer . with all the power outages , this seemed like a good idea to have on hand .
if you have any dremel tool , well youll have to have the proper accesories ...
this jig saw is top of the line . very good product , with the quality you would expect from bosch ! you won't be disappointed !
works quite nicely . that extra distance is a huge help . easy install . tracking in and out not smooth but very functional .
this is the best cordless impact tool i own . i have many other , but this one works the best and lasts the longest between charges ...
have not used it yet but it looks like it should work fine for countersinking projects and deburring if needed .
i used this mainly for one job , but the weight and feel of this framer ( for me ) was better than others i've tried .
not a bad little clamp . i really should have gotten a bigger size , but with that said , i think it's not a bad product .
great combo bit when you are working around cabinetry . they fit great and the price was right . go for it !
i've had this for a year or two and leave it out year-round in all kinds of weather . it still works so i'm impressed !
got this to keep in my mini-barn to service mowers and other yard tools and equipment . very comprehensive and serves all my needs .
needed a long socket extension for turning crank over while replacing timing belt . this did the trick . lowest price found online .
not much of a pitch to this sink so water doesnt fully drain . it is very strong though and very very deep .
folds up and can stand upright on its own . feet are soft enough they won't scuff floor . very sturdy and works well to get to high cabinets .
very sturdy and pretty accurate to all my other tools . you can always get the right angle with the quickness .
this has really come in handy . my son uses it to put furniture together and it really helps . he is really happy with the product .
bulb is no brighter than a 40 watt incandescent bulb . the daylight color is nice but the brightness is poor . don't waste your money on this item !
does what it says it is supposed to do . identified a failed gfi and found one plug wired backwards . paid for itself with these finds
handy case . i bought these for my b & d lithium cordless that should have come with a set of at least screw driver bits
this thing is tiny almost too tiny . i lose it in my tool apron ! maybe i need a lanyard for it ?
we bought this to replace the original one in our camper . it was easy to install and so far is working well . great price too .
but they came ' pre-scratched ' . not really possible to ' buff ' them out and it's right where you have to look through them too ! bummer .
they work great for something so simple . i liked them so much i ordered a second set with the painters cones .
great price for quality - still not broke and my husband goes throw a lot of tools
plastic , inexpensive , 5 minutes and a couple of screws and wall anchors . hangs behind the kitchen door . works perfectly . good buy .
replaced a similar unit , but a bit different . it works fairy well , but doesn't seem to hold a charge too well .
i got these for my electric vacum , and they work as they should . the price was preety good . happy customer .
will not fit my werner ladder . delievery took almost a month ... by the time it arrived i was finished with the painting job . does not fit !
this is used alot overseas and other area where delivered water doe snot come with a cooler . does the job and your not getting wet everytime you get thirsty
it is sturdy and it is stylish - perfect for the wall mount in my garage
now days nuts in the new modles you need ext , so this product is very valueable.bill martin
got these just to try out , and i really like them . actually thinking of getting some more . i think i will !
great blanket for the price . works great and appears to be well made . i would recommend this to buy . home owner or professional .
this vest fits just as it should . this works well wearing under a motorcycle jacket . wetting this with a spray bottle works just right for short trips .
much better than a glue container . i can access wood from any angle and have good flow control . easy to clean .
got these as a gift and they look really good . haven't had an ocassion to use them as yet , but they are ready when i need them !
works just fine as a replacement in a light fixture housed inside a ceiling fan . no problems fitting inside the light fixture .
i got this to use to track fluorescent dye to track potential fluid leak . having this little tool does the job well . luckily , no leak !
nice headgear on headlamp , but it seems as though headlamp use's a lot of batteries , and for the price i expected a little better light .
this thing is extremely bright and gives long battery life . i am thankful the days of the incandescent lamp are gone !
went out after a few hours use . left messages for them to call for warranty replacement . no response . i would avoid the temptation of buying this .
i love these glasses . they fit well are light , look good and are cheep enough to have a lot of them with in easy reach ..
this light is bright . its really great that it has a magnet , that way i can place it on the fridge and know where it is .
i've used these to cut plastic and they even made it easy to cut aluminum " bubble wrap " in a straight line . like them !
i got what i want for my journey to soldering . i use a similar one at work so this is good to have for home .
the second time i used the 7/16 th one , the side wall cracked and fell off . i would not recommendthis product .
if you have a high quality nailer you should use high quality nails . these match the tool we use and work perfectly .
white light with effective clamps ... i used to buy only ott-lite , but i discovered that verilux is a very good alternative .
would get the same results if i tied on an old sock to the dust chute.quickly clogs and becomes ineffective . use a vac or dust collector instead .
works great . this is the type of charger b should have included with the cordless drill in the first place.mc
thankyou i like this used for my house to easy and next time i will buy more for this honeywell and save more money thankyou .
i bought this flashlight for myself but my son , who is training to become a police officer , was impressed and kept it for himself .
works great and easy to install . the new spray design is really nice compared to the older ones
very handy tool , i use this to sharpen all my work knifes that i use .. alays need a good edge for insulation or cutting wire insulation
i've used in the past and haven't got this outside of messing around with it and per setting it up . sets up easy and works great .
fits my makita 12 v drill perfectly . it is very comfortable on my toolbelt does not add too much weight and makes my drill very easy to get to
tons of hex keys in this set . they are durable and resist rust . great for the homeowner and to keep around the house .
i broke 1 the 1st time i used it . gear wrench makes an identical product . buy the gear wrench for any high torque applications .
it charges everything i plug into it . works great . as a bonus , the led indicator shows you when usb devices are drawing power .
works perfectly on festool mft table.good replacement for expensive festool accessories :) . you can put tens of them on the mft .
can't really think of too much to say . construction is sturdy , light is bright . does exactly what you expect a bore light to do .
great pen press ... works great . be sure to read instructions , you have to take out a screw and insert it into another hole to use .
wouldn't recommend for a professional , but these are simple and get the job done no problem whatsoever . they'll last for a while .
said 1-7 days . looks like it's going to be 2 weeks . i was really expecting 1-7 days like it said .
works just like they have in the past . hasn't changed , and does the job of cleaning the h 2 o .
you will need every single item in this pack one day . totally recommended . it is dirt cheap for the quantity .
i used them with dewalt dw1720 brad point bit set , 6 - piecethe grizzly g1874 improved dowel jigso easy to use
this is a tiny hatchet , size is perhaps for a 3-5 year old child . it is not the droid you're looking for .
has a look and feel of quality . could use a little more muscle but for the price it is good . i would recommend .
this thing is amazing and i can't believe that it lasts as long as it does on an 18 volt battery ...
my son likes this stripper thingy . i bought this for his birthday at a good price , so i'm happy too .
seems to cover the hole in the wall really well . we use it backwards from how it is displayed in the picture but it works just the same .
these are extremely well made clamps with a lot of great versatility . the sale price i got them for made this a sweet deal for sure .
my mistake for buying into the dremal hype . this was not a heavy duty tool . the bit broke in the first 15 mins i had it .
the bit works well and leaves a very smooth finish as advertised . freud has also improved the cases so the shipping issue and storage issues have been resolved .
i have these on my keychain and think its perfect . it does not add to much weight yet its packed with everything i need . highly recommended .
it has enough power and attachments for small grinding or polishing jobs . only took about one hour to charge . easy to use .
i live in the suburbs , no one needs a box this heavy duty ... i don't care its a thing of beauty and worth every cent .
save money by simply keeping the heat in where it belongs , make the obvious energy saving proceedure . simple to install , only takes a minute .
about a year after purchase the display is reading some cryptic code and will not change . kind of looks like something smacked it and it's confused .
after many of years of cutting pvc pipe with a hacksaw this is so much easier without the rough edges
even though the price was not of a quality tool i've found this item an excellent buy for the money
it's fine except it doesn't lay flat , leaving the possibility of somebody tripping on it . kind of the point of the product ...
great cutting wheels . i bought these to use on small projects . they work great as long as you don't move them sideways because they will break easily .
it does everything is s designed to do . it is level . it is square . it slides . it locks into place .
picked it up on a discount via a company initiative to ensure everyone had adequate smoke detectors in their homes . it was easy to install and seems reliable .
this item works great and was as advertised on the website . is a great product if you are looking for a torque wrench
i ordered this winder to hold a 100 ' of 10/3 extension cord . it easily stores this amount and should last a long time .
fast way to disconnect and reconnect things from the dremel tool.allows you to connect more accessories quickly and securely.it was shipped quickly and got to me early .
allows you to put furniture closer to the wall without crushing your plugs 180 degrees of movement 6 outlets great
very good , i used every day on work . is powerfull and clear light .
keeps you drills out of the dirt and last twice as long i would like another one but cant say i need it
the telescoping fishing rod was useful . i pulled it out and used it to catch a sailfish enroute to grand cayman :)
i've had a number of these type drawers in my days but this one is just solidly constructed and it's kinda huge . highly recommended .
fit my porter cable 390k sander perfectly and stay attached . these worked great for doing seams of shaker doors . bought 3 grits .
good replacement for pad that comes in meguiar's carnauba wax can when that one falls to pieces after 12 years .
arrived as expected . great delivery time , easy installation love this lock whuile on sale during 2013 holidays should have bought 2 . installed in 20 minuted . easy
it works , not sure what else to say . easy thread on . used it with the rain showerhead and no flow problems .
- / / / ---> so much better than i expected i couldn't beleve it .. ! great tooth design & lazer slotting , etc . thank you . g-g
worth the extra cost for good tools like this . does a good job on solid and stranded wire.good tools are worth the extra price .
worked great with no bent nails ... used on table chairs in kitchen nook and there were no problems and went in with ease to hardwood legs of the chairs
totally awesome . just what i was looking for . it is hard to find a good but old fashioned jig saw .
i hated these safety glasses from the start , as they are too tight and leave a big red mark on the top of your nose .
dremel rotary tools have many uses , but these are destined to trim the dog's nails . i wouldn't do it any other way .
i love this carrier . it is just what i wanted and needed . i would purchase this again if i needed another tool carrier .
i have the kreg shelf jig and broke the bit . i was try to move to fast and snapped the bit . this is a good replacement .
easy to use and program . i bought this on the special of the day and it was a great choice .
nice little brush . it's small enough for detail work and sturdy enough to not fall apart . for the price it's an excellent deal .
a very useful piece of equipment . use it to easily measure the power consumption of anything you can plug in .
another addition to my small workshop handy man collection . all pieces needed to remove hard to release nuts . price is great asset
i purchased this vice for holding electrical work i do . it works very good for my purpose . i am going to buy another one
best wood glue ever . i have never had a failure with titebond , ever ! what else do you want from a wood glue ?
cutting my grass and working in the shop with these on , adjustable and comfortable . i'm going to order a couple more to keep in the cars ...
these are very good for there intended use . be aware that they do there intended job well just don't over tighten them .
nicely made and finished well but i need to reset to the correct time every month as it is incorrect by about 10-15 minutes .
the product is great and dose what it suppose to do . be careful it dost not work on all calipers .
i bought this lock to use on my locker at work.it ' s just the right size and seems well made.for the price it can't be beat .
excellent , simple to operate . now i can clean yard alone without having someone to open garbage bag . easy fold up when done and store away .
a must have when using the kreg pocket hole tool , easy to use and install .
worth every penny i paid for them . they both cut really nice with a clean edge . will definitely purchase again .
i wanted a more finished edge from my table saw . this blade makes a cut that looks like it was sanded
the breaker worked great for breaking #35 chain to length . it didn't take any force to the screw at all .
these do the job and will take the amount of pressure to get the job done . great set and good price .
love that led's are starting to become more mainstream , prices are down , rec . these flashlights and other types for replacing the standard old bulb type flashlight
i already used it on several projects . this works great and it feels a little better in hand than my last one ( family shared one ) .
this flashlight is exactly what i needed . very bright and very durable in a wet damp environment i havent had any issue yet .
what can i say , they haven't broke yet . they meet my needs . i've hammered them pretty good on some stuck bolts too .
with this little gadget i was able to incoorporate some of my parts from my old system with little to know cost ...
i would reccomend these screws to anybody who needs to secure tight joints on all thier projects , buy some now .
i bought this bit st for multi-use . it is solid and sturdy . priced a little high , but it very good set
if you purchase something like this , be prepared to take it down when not in use because it won't survive a lot of wind .
these are exact same filters which i have been buying for the past few years at lowe's but cheaper . why pay more ?
a nice flashlight for the money . i am very satisfied with this purchase .
these swiss cheese blocks suprisingly are machined fairly well . tolerances are good and had minimal run off of only a couple thousandths .
this level works great . it has a magnet on one side and feels real sturdy . another thing i love , made in usa .
very light , easy to hold , easy to install saw blades , and holds the blades in place . good speed adjusting also .
these are equal or exceed that of stanley set for a fraction of the price . the red handles make this easier to spot in a tool box .
perfect for my small projects . this thing rotates straight and is fast enough it eats wood for breakfast . another great tool from bosch .
the only issue with them is they do not have a light sensor so they come on even during the day time .
dewalt is black and decker . don't let the yellow fool you . lower middle-of-the-road quality for all their stuff , in my opinion . go makita !
the small heads words well in tight area's . it is much more useful for door locks and trimming than the larger blades .
the switch can be installed in multilpe location on the table and with the safety switch included it will keep my grand children from accidently turning the router on .
this bit does not work very well at all . only good for very very thin ceramic only ! and , even at that , it dulled very quickly .
what can you say about a nail ? its quality it does what i ask it todo good framing nail for the price id order more when i need too
great product for the price . not as powerful as my previous grinder , but does a nice job for the type of work i use it for
good strong magnets for my punches and chisels holds them firm and takes a little force to take them off good buy .
mag lite is the industry standard flashlight for a reason - because it is durable and lasts a lifetime . i own multiple units of mag lite devices !
works great . easy to use . used to provide realtor access to home and never had any issue with function .
much higher quality than dewalt or other manufacturers . teeth are sharper , the blade is stronger and overall these seem to last longer than other brands .
works great - approx . 2 hours time to charge my 24 - v and 18 - v batteries . a nice convenience when jobs take longer than expected .
saved me hours of frustration . it works perfectly for what i have used it on so far . i highly recommend this tool .
i painted a kitty made out of metal with this paint works very well i will be buying more ! thanks amazon
stays compact when not in use . does not tangle on itself like my old yellow hose . would buy it again .
very nice compact little bright handy reliable flashlight for a very decent price . comes in handy and able to store anywhere
tool is high quality and does what it is supposed to do . what else can you ask for in a tool .
it does not shut off water for you during a shower . there is a small smount of water keeps comming out of it at the shut-off position .
this was easy to install , little maintenance and cost very little . i highly recommend it . what more can one say .
perfect for my job when i do not have a large flashlight on my person . very bright light .
what can i saw ? it works great and just as advertised . it feels solid in your hand and best of all is made in usa !
i use these sockets all the time and you definitely can't beat the price and they are really thick and look like they will last a long time
needed a sturdy metal brush to clean out our fireplaces at the end of the season . this brush came quickly , was priced great and did the job .
this product is an excellent buy based on its value , price and utility . so good i bought four of them .
i have tried for many years to find a sharpener that really worked and have totally failed until now . this is the one ! it works !
cabinet scraper are a tool that is handy to have for removing paint and smoothing wood.an underutilized tool that is worth having
great template .. won't fail you . never used one before and i figured it out . drilled all the right holes .. handy tool .
this is simple . they are the exact same as the other batteries i am already using . what more could i want ?
this is very handy and like most black & decker items is very reliable . saves time when ever i need to use it .
and they work just as expected . install in light fixture , power up and shazam ! ! ! let there be light . ain't technology grand ? ? :-p
i can see over 200 yards with this spot light and it makes it easy to see when walking or jogging at night .
super stubby . you get two slotted in two sizes and two phillips in two sizes.good to have around for very tight spaces .
my husband replaced our old outdoor outlet with this new leviton outlet . the instructions are well written and easy to follow . it looks great and works great .
got these for the garage , it's the perfect throw basket and still organized everything nicely . i am going to get more for the craft room .
this item was easy to put together and is sturdy enough for constant use . i am very pleased with both the item and the seller .
just as ordered ... now much safer at table saw i also use it for my band saw . now both are safer
this is exactly what i needed to plug in some things behind furniture . i need to order more of them .
you can never find a screwdriver when you need one . i bought this to put in my glove box . takes up little room .
i have been looking for a high powered shower head . this one is . it delivers a wide range of streams , and a decent water supply .
as always the screws were too short - plan on buying some - these only go thru 5/8 " material with any thread in the knob .
this listing is the same as the others that say lithonia . as the reviews there say , bery good , bright , diffuse light .
a simple tool so it's hard to gush about it but it is sturdy and well made and a bargain at the price .
oh snap little bathroom fan . you just saved me 75 bucks because i didn't have to buy an entire bathroom fan .
it does what it has to do . the cost is cheap and the quality is good . i would choose it again if i had to .
this small device really transforms your cabinets into a more upscale unit . they are easy to install and adjust to your desired pressure . highly recommend .
great replacement belts for a great product . i use it to sharpen everything from mower blades to axes to chef knives . you almost can't mess up .
i'll wish standard and metric , and much more pieces and sizes , otherwise , this set is a good gadget
drives nails ( even three inch ones ) with ease . great for simpson hangers and straps , some of which require twelve or more nails .
i purchased this light to use by my desk where i make and create my jewelry pieces . it is just what i needed for that purpose .
great way to hook up electonics to your car / just be careful that this is the right size for your fuse box ...
this product works great and was easy to install i will buy more real soon , i plan to get some as gifta
not a great led bulb . it looks grey-ish and none natural . there are newer led bulbs that are far better .
bought them for a first aid kit . they came quickly and i had no trouble ordering either . i think they will be of good use .
this thing amazes me . works very well by finding studs inside drywall with magnets . i now use this instead of my old battery operated stud finder
irwin makes the best clamps and i would not use any others . they all work great for all my wood working projects .
it is better than expected . not very bright but handy to leave in the pocket . good for ladies purse . for the price not to bad
it is a sanding screen for drywall . it sands well while you are making a giant mess in your house .
this works great for taping off areas to remove conformal coating on coated pc boards . helps to keep from destroying surrounding areas when removing electronic components .
very bright flashlight . i like it alot . put it on my 12 gauge pardner pump . you probably shouldn't try to break into my house .
ready for the next power outage.we learned the value of a light that is easy to carry around & has a long battery life during the last outage .
new residential building law requires one co detector on each floor in ca . this is a low cost and efficient product .
i was expecting a more rapid flicker , but the glow only moves about every 1-4 seconds . still , it looks cool .
i love night lights . have them all ove my house . this is the perfect way to buy bulbs . great packaging .
this battery lasts much longer than the original that came with our weed eater . fery pleased with this purchase . you won't be disappointed with this product . ,
fine little screw driver if you don't need to apply any pressure . it bends and twists if you need to torque it at all .
great product , purchased as birthday gift & getting lots of use.pros : well made , great design , works ... can't ask for more.cons : none
great batteries they last a good time and in bulk they are cheaper which never hurts when you use a lot of batteries .
they work fine and are well price so i'm very satisfied with these 3 to 2 prong adapters . - tom
i use these in my makita work light and they work really well . the 2 pack is the way to go for price and convenience .
not to expensive and works well , takes a bit of practice but if your a d . i . y . guy , this is a nice tool .
really comfortable as well as convenient to adjust . this is a solid deal and not to be missed at this price !
i have been buying these driver bits for years and they last and last especially for the types of uses i have around the house
charges up very well . works great on my leaf blower . would purchase it again . pleased with its performance and charge .
easy setup and programming took less than five minutes . works great with our electric heater and seems to work at the set temperature ratings .
the price is right . have used these lights before . they last a long time . we use them for the fire department .
it is a swanson , what more needs to be said . i have been using swanson for years and rate them top notch .
the bag seems to capture most of the sawdust and it is reasonably easy to empty . it meets my expectations .
for inexpensive sanding disks , these hold up quite well . couldn't find anything finer than 220 in stores . for me , this is almost a lifetime supply .
very bright led night lite . great for hallways , bathrooms , kitchens , etc.probably too bright to put in a child's bedroom .
it's really helpful . easy to adjust . but please please ! whatever you do ! don't lose or break the allen wrench , you'll be out 10 cents .
worked great to push in the brake piston on my 2006 honda civic lx during a brake change . exactly what i needed .
awesome ! these lights were bright , adjustable directionally , and very reasonable or leds . hope to have them for many years without having to replace bulbs .
a little more time consuming than push sticks but much better results and more controli should have bought this a long time ago
as i was installing the head unit i heard a muffled crack , the screw part of the shower head cracked and i was only hand tightening it .
what can you say about bulbs , they light . they turn on and off . and they were a reasonable price . happy happy happy happy happy
this flashlight is great , it last long too . it has 3 modes and the strobe effect is great for airsoft . i recommend this flashlight .
i just used glue and it did not work . worst glue ever , go back to crazy glue . the old standard
this tool kit has every necessary tool needed . after buying many tool kits i found this one to be the best .
is what it says it is ; would buy again , works fine , cuts well . not quite sure what to say for reviews like this ?
its a maglite , it works on aaa battery , its pink ... supports a good cause ... did i say its a pink maglite ... my daugher loves it
my beautiful big leather chair no longer slides all over the place on my hardwood floors ! what a great product
this is a very lightweight solid tool . the most surprising feature was there is metal right below the blade to protect the hilt . very good attribute .
we bought 2 of these . one each for the first and second floor . these work great and the price was excellent .
it works very well , bright cheap and works so well.brighter than i expected , dam good . shipped quickly and packed well .
nice quality , price and selection of screwdrivers in one set . i would buy it again and i would recommend them .
this is another good product , it is outstanding to pick up anything metal without bending or stooping . very well made .
it works , no fuss no muss , i do a lot of template routing and hate to have to always hold the router orientation just so
not a great deal but it will do the job . small , cheesey knobs , cheap metal screws , not a top quality item .
what can i say ? ammonia is ammonia . box came intact , and undammaged . good to have in your first aid kit .
very well designed and manufactured mini circular saw . this product is very clever ... the engineers who designed this thing are geniuses .
been using this for quite some time and it's been a great iron . i only wish it would remember my last used temp .
if you have a newer house this work well but if you have plaster walls then it's not worth the money .
higher efficiency doesn't mean one has to pay a higher price . take the take to try them out and you will find the savings .
seems solid and substantial , no quality complaints , and the price is definitely right . there isn't much else you can say about a breaker bar ...
i use this to scrape glue lines on all woodworking glue ups . use this first , and follow up with sand paper .
don't remember how long i had this co detector but it would false alarm after the first year and eventually i quit using it after a few years .
these are ok ... the one good thing is that they still work . i've had them about a month or two . i just wish they were brighter .
good power , good last , good battery . i always like duracell aa and aaa . recommended product for all electronic users . a + + +
nice set of brass connectors to use on your hose . has held up well and much better then the metal ones . would purchase again .
very bright for the money esp since it uses only 1 aa battery . the clip is a nice extra . very well made .
the light output on these led flashlights is really good but the on / off switch is made very cheap and won't last long
only used one so far and it worked . quality looks good . we'll see how they last laying in the bottom of my tool box , now .
it's a good timer and everything seems to work fine . i would highly recommend this product . very good quality . excellent .
these are my favorite drill bits ! ! ! the pilot works great , makes drilling fast and accurate . i would recommend these for the shop or home .
this goes well with the bladerunner saw and is straight forward in its use for making quality picture frames . a really great addition to the bladerunner saw .
this container works just as well as the stanley but at a lower cost . quality seems to be the same as well
have given it a good work out screwing and drilling holes . good power and keyless chuck grips relieably . great value for the price .
a good sander that works as it should . replaced an earlier model that lasted through many years of daily use .
master lock 3023at assorted bungee cords , 24 - pack used to hold down roof screening . we will see how well next summer during the heat season .
great paring knife , i use it for backpack camping and its a sharp versatile blade . easy to sharpen and holds the edge for a long time .
i use this on the wall by my garage to make sure no carbon monoxide is entering the house from running cars in the garage . works well .
i received the saw today in very good condition . seller said it is new and was right it will go good with the the other miwaukee tools .
25 pack is more than enough ! great to tie down a new tarp and all items loose on a boat or truck .
perfect fit and finish can't wait to get this guy installed on my router table . seems to have a fairly robust build
only problam i had is it does n0t come with the double sided philip heads as shown stiil its a nice set
the only thing i wish they were designed to allow more clamping pressure . more of a holding clamp that a strong gripping clamp
i've been trying different lubes for my guns and must say this one works well . stays on keeps working . no reason not to purchase .
so either for hot days or cold these help keep the rv more comfortable without using resources to shorten your boonedocking .
well if it will put the energery saving in my pocket , as promised , me and michell obama will be mighty pleased
nice product . well constructed for a transformer . i purchased 2 and very happy with the product . i will definitely buy again .
i had this on my 4 ' grow light and it worked fine , no problems . it was quiet , some timers make a clicking noise all day .
not sure where the negative comments about this tomahawk are coming from.this tomahawk is extremely well made and should be very durable .
the product looks smart and works well and handedly as designed . does hold a lot of bags
very ingenious at a very reasonable price . can convert wrenchs to drivers in an instant and converts impact wrenches to drills .
great purchase - made it easier than shopping at walmart , product works just like it should . i would recommend to anyone who needs some tape
light went up with no trouble whatsoever . comes on at dusk , off at dawn . water seals in both light sockets to keep out any rain .
lets you know if there are any electrical problems and what they are . awesome charging speed also . works with all three types of porter-cable batteries .
cheap and cuts things . i think i even got it for free in a deal with other purchases , so can't beat that .
mounted to the side of my bed , my mag light is ready to go should the lights go out or noise is heard .
good to have these around ! when the blade does get dull , the job takes forever , and a fresh blade is such a joy .
this screen works well . the dogs learned quickly how to use it . the flies haven't . hopefully the dogs are smarter than the flies .
got this for my dad so that we could avoid the constant cord tangling issues . works great and was easy to install .
this two pack functions very well . easy to set up , long battery life , and very reliable . can't beat the price
this was a christmas gift for my . i think it will be fine and work just fine . it looked just as advertised .
excellant finder it works so much better than my old one and was shipped promptly and priced reasonable so more missed label breakers now
great buy on these nails works with angle chambered nailers works with lots of different angle finished nailers good quality ! ! !
was trying to keep my long cords from tangling and store them without the mess . this guy does a great job and does it quickly .
very bright and the zoom gives great focus . it carries well in a belt case . i am very happy with it .
this little sharpener functioned appropriately against various material to achieve the sharpest edge ; would recommend this little jewel for the hobbyist .
sure packaged well inside and out . have plugged several in and they are bright enough
good value and does do the job . easy to use changing of blades was easy . vibration was not bad for the value , gets used often .
i needed these to finish a project . i searched high and how , both locally and online , and found just the right hasps here on amazon .
nice clean cuts , a 12 " 90 tooth carbide for under 50 dollars , enough said
goes well with bathroom maxxima 800 watt 7 button timer switchas with all plastic covers be careful not to overtighten , or you will crack the faceplate . t_t
great shower head and very good quality replaced an old one that was mostly plastic this one has good build quality very nice stream of water .
wow the difference this makes is amazing . the light is so much more crisp and clear . not to mention battery life is extended by quite a bit .
fits my wingman with room to spare made of good quality stuff . put together well will last a long time for sure
i rarely need the torx-type tool but when i do nothing else works as well . this is something to have in the toolbox before it's needed .
it travels with us , and when we need a nightlight , we put it on the low mode , and it will last for several nights .
this is the kind of o ring you can use it on any kind of application , whether it is air conditioning , cooling system , engine or transmission .
easy to install , easy to clean , works well . good energy saving product . will order another if i ever need one again .
best sand paper i've ever used , does not clog like the cheap brands yet cost less then they do .
they function as described and cost is reasonable . it is not like there are not a million flashlights out there .
this is the second or third set i've purchased . somehow the gears grind and shear . rather than buying a new opener i buy a pack of these .
i use this inside my safe .. it seems to work well for around 60 days before needing to be plugged in overnight to dry the crystals .
have bought several of these over the years , and they have all held up fine . great improvement from the incandescent units .
a good upgrade to what you get with the heavy duty stand . the extra width provides more stability and improved accuracy when used as a stop .
bought this here on amazon and is extremely pleased with the range of bits . nice and sharp for quick effortless drilling .
an elaborate sawhorse in my book , maybe for 100.00 it is worth it but certainly not anything more than that .
order arrived in a timely fashion and not damaged . i give my recommendation for this product that is reasonably priced and offers various bits to serve your projects .
i used this to open up the imac and its various size torx bolts . the kit is compact and well made and travels well .
bits feel a little cheap , but wasn't expecting much for this price anyway . would purchase again at this price .  .
priced better than the big box stores . gives a reasonable amount of light and quality is good considering the price .
our crews use these for holding metal in place while erecting our metal buildings for our customers . they crews can't speak highly enough . irwin makes wonderful tools .
this dremel abrasive buff is good for doing fine intricate work on wood and metal surfaces etc ! - not bad !
simple , strong , reliable.easy to move around and mount.feels & fits very good.an excellent choice for the money .
good quality . wish it was a little larger . i suppose the jumbo size , but amazon only carries this size . hope it looks large enough .
the light is brighter than expected given the color . flying insects swarmed the original cf bulb . there are no insects in sight when this bulb was installed .
i always have one in the kitchen and by the barbeque . always check the expiration dates to make sure that they are charged correctly if you need them .
it is a very basic and cheap , but effective , soldering iron that does what it is supposed to very well .
these cut smoothly and seem pretty durable . the handle color is truly " safety orange " , not red / pink like they appear in the picture .
this does not charge an ipad . the tamper proof shutters are annoying-i have replaced this witht he leviton unit ( also far from perfect - though better ) .
best ear protectors for this price ! great for when you are going to the shooting range . you can't hear jack when they're on !
used in safe works well . bright and last a while with use . nice you can direct the light . a + a +
thin enough for good manual dexterity but still too thick to be able to pick your nose while wearing . the best of both words
great quality . although it is a one trick pony like many handtools , its better than a marker for using it on metal . great ice pick btw
bought to match brushed nickel kitchen faucet . a great quality knob that we will buy more of when needed . seller was excellent .
this device is well balanced and works just fine but no idea how to change tip . if anyone knows , please advise ...
not a whole lot to say about this . the quality appears to be pretty good , and they appear to be fairly heavy duty .
i was a little disapointed in the quailty of the blades.the metal appears thin.the good thing is there are alot of them .
very happy with the jig and would buy again . product is high quality and worth the money we spent on it .
would definitively buy again except i doubt i'll need more any time soon . last much longer than those regular landscape lights that kept burning out .
my husband like this too which is saying something . we keep it in the kitchen window so it is always charged . i like the hand grip .
you really can't go wrong with flux unless you really make garbage . so far seems to work pretty well . a
these blades cut like butta ! ! ! i really am impressed with these diablo blades they are everything they advertised . i will purchase these again .
i needed an 12 " extension for a project i was working on . $ 6 was half what it sold for in the big box stores .
these are just plastic but they look cool as heck and are quite bright i got mine on sale cheap and am happy with them
which are simple : they work as they should , last well , and are true to the 20w claim . used in path lighting with no complaint .
doesn't allow enough distance between the bell and the button . if you go through a wall , only goes 25 feet ...
so nice to not untangle jumper cables each time you use them . large enough for 20 foot heavy duty cables .
works great ! only issue is the battery life . the one in the kitchen has already went through a set of batteries .
it is a quare . not much you can say about a square - - it's very light weight which is nice when you're using it all day .
a super great savings compared to the local hardware / home stores . easy to install and a great enhancement to my kitchen .
this shower head works perfect . it has great water pressure . worth buying .
super-duper bits used with an impact driver dedicated to motorcycle and small engine repair . durable , inexpensive and a downright well made tool by tekton
not much else to say . it * is * a little deeper than the typical two outlet device , but didn't cause me any problems .
this tool is amazing ! its got a great size , and a great light . i would highly recommend it .
my husband loves the small size of these drills and uses them all the time . they are light weight but has the power of a big drill .
wow ! this sharpener sharpened by wusthof to as good as new . can't beat this performance and it's a great value !
these are 1st class quality . i have found that buying the cheap imports does not pay . they usually fail at the most when you most need them .
this tapes lock mech held better but still a bit too large in my small hand . ergonomically the komelons feel better .
work great as security flood lights around my property when used with my solar system and doesn ` t use much power .
the tube is only 25 gms as shown in the picture . the tube is only half full . comes with nozzle for solder application .
there is a huge difference when using a router without this dust collector . this collects almost all the dust .
i love this applicator , it works great at spreading glue and cleans up great . just let the glue dry then peel it right off .
good hammer for small task . its strong and durable . the finish could be nicer but for the price you cant complain .
after drilling over a thousand holes i still love itits easy to adapt to odd areas in cabinets already builtits well built , glad i got it
i ordered these to open up my macbook pro 15in.overall they were okay i didn't expect them to get stripped so fast.you get what you pay for
useful size , light , thin , sharp , durable . what more can you ask for ? my favorite and i have owned many over the years .
bought two ... westinghouse 7861500 contempra trio three-light 42 - inch five-blade ... they are small but that is what i need ... bulbs are not included
very nice file set . has the size tools i needed to finish some handcraft work i was doing . the price was nice too .
easy install , perfect fit and a great package deal for three filters . no issues wit this product , would gladly recommend .
these glue brushes work well in small areas but i still find that old tooth brushes work just as well and cost much less .
i know there are better blades out there , but this one performs fine for the price point . the blade cuts well enough for what i need .
no types or sizes work .. what else can i say ? now i still need 8 more to words to say it doesnt work ?
see my review of it's big 19 - watt brother . it is a nice light and it does not use near the energy of the old poppers .
like most button type quick change knives the blades falls out if you cut drywall or shingles.as well it is too big to fit into a carpenters knife pouch .
put this on the back door of the house and its been working like it should ever since . easy install and functioning properly
good sanding pads and a good value for the number you get . they work well with my dewalt orbital sander .
this controller didn't work for me . i don't think it was the remote's fsult ; i think my fans are too far gone .
turned my belt sander into a stationary sander . love it ! must have for the dewalt belt sander . makes it usable while it sits on the shelf .
5 * tku - this is the best way to stock up and combat the liberal , narrow minded , environmentalist approach to improving our world .
i do allot of cuts through the course of a day , some are repetitious some are not , that is what i like about this kreg swing stop .
this cutter is slow to get hot enough to cut paracord but it works , if you wait for it to get hot .
a replacement filter , that fits and does what it is supposed to do.looks and feels to have the same quality of the original .
it's what i expected . i build euro style cabinets and use a lot of white laminate boards and these caps blends in well to hide the pocket holes .
useful to have to sharpen tungsten carbide blades of saw , biscuit joiner , planer and even drill bits . save money of having to buy new blades .
recieve to cut wires , snips , and so much more . very glad i recieve this item on ceritain things on projects .
still working good after years of use and gets the job done but pressure is a lot lower than most . i recommend going with the typhoon blow gun
these are nice bits and have worked well for me . i try to buy usa made products when available . i recommend
quality feel , extremely bright , convenient focus feature . . . ok so it's not cheap but you get what you pay for .
the set is very well made . if i used it more i could see spending this much but i don't get my money's worth .
great price , i love . works great on spray or stream . the magnet hold the handle firmly in place . great buy .
this stuff wasn't flexible at room temp - it may be ok , at 90 ℉ + - but , i wouldn't bet my life on that .
this drill has received maximal use since i purchased it . the drill is light and small . it really does what i need it for .
perfect for vacuum attached orbital sanders . each pad lasts a long time . i still have almost the entire box left . but use mostly for drywall sanding .
just used at my mom's house . i was able to map out the circuit breaker box . worked good after a learning curve .
the perfect way to plug in for 100 % use . received in new , high quaility candition . the perfect plug in for multiple electrical plugs .
i would have preferred something a bit less in " height " , but these work fine to dampen the noise of kitchen cabinets closing .
nice fire extinguisher for home . hard to rate without having used it , which i hope to avoid ! otherwise , feels solid and as represented online .
this are of high quality . heavy duty , clean cut , comfortable fit to hands . they even came with tip covers which is very nice .
i'm a weekend diy kinda guy and this bit set was a really great deal , stands up to the toughest jobs i can find !
bits stayed sharp for a decent amount of time . but defiantly dulled after extended use .
this is a perfect match if you have a kreg product . it's simeple to mount and does what it says . had no issues installing or using .
a neat little gadget . i guess it is accurate , but have not verified its accuracy . if it is on the money i would buy it again .
sharp pull saw , mind the teeth and don't hit any nails and it should last a long time , keep it waxed .
one size doesn't apparently mean it'll fit anything over 7 1/2 . they're too tight on my head , and there's no loosening it at all .
the dewalt 12 volt max 1/4 inch screwdriver kits is a great compact screw driver . it has a long lasting battery and plenty of torque .
i converted my delta drill press to a keyless chuck and needed a new arbor . this one is the best deal out there .
this has got to be the worst cutting blade i have ever used . i have tried a lot of the cheaper brans even from ebay and harbor frieght .
sent it back to amazon for a refund . cheap . the switch is what broke and couldn't turn it on / off .
cool little backup light . you dont even know its in your pocket . make sure you check your pants before doing your laundry .
multiple usages and saves water . design looks cool and great in our guest bathroom . i would recommend it as a 2 in 1 solution !
good tool for what it does . much quicker and easier then the standard chuck . if you change tools on your dremel ... this is a must have .
this charger charges the yellow batteries as well as the grey ryobi 18-19 volt batteries , for the price i bought it for cant complain . warehouse deals
these will work great for my needs , but would not stand up to daily use for long . so great for me , maybe not the work site .
just got my dremel tool and am assembling a selection of bits . this mini set is good , the right price , and in a nice wooden box .
versitile , powerfull enough , small enough for my tool bag , well built . i inspect houses and this goes with me everywhere , definitely would recommend it
this set is very cheap made so don't expect too much but for the price they are fair , the wire one will bend easy . darrell
it works . c 0 2 will kill you silently . i have had it for 12 months . it's never when off . thank you .
nice selection and easy to store . i have bought several of these and i probably will never try anything else
this dvd takes you through making a table using the kreig . it contains some good information . things you may not have thought of .
this strop works great . come with 3 different grits from course to fine . puts a nice mirror finish on the edge .
great wire for what it is , good quality . a little stiff to work with but works great for certain applications .
this is okay for a halloween costume , but not very useful in the biker world . very thin and will soon stretch out of shape ..
impessive accuracy - the festool saw is not complete without this guide . the saw slides effortlessly through the wood .. with laser accuracy .
great drill bits . the case leaves a bit to be desired , but otherwise a good auality drill bit set !
motion sensor works , but the bulb is incredibly dim , dimmer then a small flashlight , and not useful as a lighbulb .
very useful sledge very manageable i find my self using this even when i don't need it drives nails really easy
... but i amgood fit , well made , good grip , and the closure with the velcro strap is easy to manipulate , even with the gloves on
used this for reflowing xbox 360s . works pretty well and comes with the battery needed to operate . highly recommend this product .
the light actually works good , not a lot of light but does the job and would recommend this item .
these have been in my case for over a year and one of the led's have burned out . would recommend .
bulky but works pretty well . it's tight when i put it on but it blocks alot of noises out . decent earmuff .
i have always appreciated these clamps at their price point . this multi-pack is what i needed for a few projects . again , i wasn't disspointed .
these drawer slides are very smooth , especially for the large weight capacity and for the price . very easy to install .
fits on the key chain and can be used for many purposes . if used properly it should last a long time .
i have used the hell out of these bits the past few months . i have been earnestly impressed with the quality.certainly recommend .
this is a must have for starting camp fires . it does not take very long to get the kindling flaming .
i will say the quality seems good but for a wrench this size it needs to open bigger . i use it everyday
it soes what you expect to do . up to now i do not have enough info to make a judgement of its work .
the quality is not good but i needed two bits and it was cheaper than getting them individually .
my son is 12 years old and i bought him his first power tool kit ... the gyros . it is a ce of craftsmanship and worth every penny !
i used these for a kitchen remodel job i did . used them for 4 inch halo led module lights . they worked fine and with no hum .
i am surprised . it thought these would be nice hockey pucks but they actually hold the work while i sand .
these are a great product for the money . work well and do the job well ... i hope you all have a good night .
this is a very good flashlight . i like this one a lot . it takes 2 aa batteries and is nice and bright.thumbs up
using this to primer the outside of my rv for a new paint job . i love the way it is working out and the finish results .
when you have a four tool pack you need at least four batteries . great price on a two battery set . will use daily !
this is the neatest gadget you can imagine for putting on your shower spigot . highly movable , you can even get behind it .
been using the kreg system for a couple of years now . it works well and these screws are good connecting hardwood 3/4 " thick .
i used the template guide adapter and it worked as promised . i would purchse recommend this adapter again . very satisfied .
i wish they wee more durable when the sand paper dulls , but it works fine
a solid idea that permits an unlimited number of perfect holes to be drilled without wallering out your home-made template .
can not find out where it was made other then that a good light very bright . good for a back up to the maglite .
this is one of my best selling flashlights its rugged and works well and have had not no problems . i have gotten good feedback from them . good product
this thing is a champ . it hooks right in , super cheap . as long as you're not in a hurry to get it . works fine .
it maintains the pressure needed to inflate my duallies 6 tires.very quiet , comes to the correct pressure very fast .
i wish i could just do one feedback on these lights because ive got 5 of them and ordered 3 more awesome lights ...
no complaints , does what it's supposed to do.feels as good or better than the original.markings on buttons makes it easy to tell what door your opening .
like a big helping hand when soldering anything.if you take the time to setup the claws properly you can properly position whatever you want to work with .
bought these based on the reviews and was very happy . very high quality and functions better than any other one i've used , good price too
cool unlike the originals or halogens , use almost no electricity and are just right for reading in the bedroom of our rv . perfectly done , i think .
this accessory works wonderfully it enable me to check just wires or other type plugs and broken things as well and i received in a very prompt time
this adapter will fit in unusual places . give it a try . safe and durable . chinese but fairly good for a change
this nail puller is top notch and works exactly as it should when pulling nails and prying . i would recommend this tool .
good quality : sticky , strong , and does not fold on itself easily , making easy to use . probably good for long term sealing as well .
well made drill chuck that works as intended . fits well , nicely finished , and functions exactly as it is supposed to .
this set is perfect for small jobs around the house , like installing shelves and towel rods . i like that the bits are shorter and easier to control .
these are so much better than the terrible ugly vents that are installed when the house is built . great quality and pretty .
i use this as an excellent field set of mini wrenches for my firearms while at the range or out hunting .
i bought this because it would be shipped free , along with other items . it is the same as you buy at the parts store
these are expensive , but if you are using the hue app they're worth the money . at full power it makes a good reading light .
replaces my former porter-cable and has been great to work with . fits right in with my home made router table and easy o change out
this product did just what i bought it for . very sturdy . no flexing and easy to use .
i recently received this tool . it appears to be very good , however , i will try it and update my review later .
somone else loved it more - ( waaa ) lol . thats the danger with noce tools and pouches . fortunatly the tools were not it it yet .
this is an excellent tool . the bite and angles are just right . makes the job easy . i bought another one .
i got these for the christmas lights and they work just great and adds a lot to the season at our house
i have had four of these and all of them quit working anywhere from one week to one year after installing them . save your money .
perfect for whenyou dont want to look for the right wrench and it will not strip the the bolt / nut buy it you wont regret it
this unit replaced an earlier model no longer available . installed easily , fully compatible with the rest of the smoke detectors .
we have it plugged in and it appears to be doing it's job . it seems to be very well made . would buy again .
works well for the thicker metal pipes and generally thicker metal peices that eat up the thinner cut off wheels .
i needed an inexpensive set that was laid out nice and wouldn't rust in my shop . these were just what i needed .
the best keychain light i have owned . just buy it . you won't regret it . the brightness of this light far exceeded my expectation .
bought this item to use indoors . great for indoor space heaters . cords don't get hot nor does the outlet . highly recommend for either use .
makes quick work of trimming my trees prior to their leafing out . excellent product , wonderfully sharp , and easy to use .
this is way better than the little one that came with my milwaukee drill it has more power and last twice the time on one charge
a left handed drill bit is the first step in removing a broken bolt . i was hoping for better quality but i only found these china offerings .
i keep it in my bedroom and it is bright enough for using around the house in the dark . batteries last long enough .
solidly built and smooth in operation . has some adjustibility in lower mount to make sure it is plumb even if your drilling is a little off .
heavy duty easy to put together ... happy with this purchase i would buy this again . i shop on amazon for everything and think they are great !
the system for the retractable head works very well . the magnet snaps it back into place .
a great pocket light the clip is good . the beam is adjustable from spot to flood . 66 lumen on 1 aa battery that is good.get you one !
love this little light great for getting into tight spots only reason i give it 4 stars is i wish the magnet was a little stronger
i bought this blade for cutting trim and underlayment . it works great for both , nice clean cut on both , very pleased .
this hammer is both well made and great to look at . it has different weights and the american build is a nice selling point .
have now used it to install over 1000sf of oak 3/4 " flooring with no issues at all . works great and i expect it to continue .
great product as it is now metal and does not have the flexibility problem noted by earlier buyers .
works as described.kerf style replacement door bottom ... is not easy to find locally so am happy to find a good replacement .
they cut well , last well and don't cost nearly what the name brand blades cost . please and will buy again .
works great . it has large amount of cleaning wire and the container is nice looking . it's a bit light and might move around ...
house is 14 years old , so i replace all 8 smoke detectors . i like these units a lot .
nice selection of screws . it had most every thing i needed to get started . good value .
hard to put down . i read these back to back and enjoyed every minute .
it seems to be working well . the metal seems to be keeping cool while cutting . the oil mixes totally with the water .
i just put these on the mailbox . they're easy to peel and stick on , just make sure you get them straight .
this faucet replaced one that was leaking and has been great . my wife and i especially like the high arc and the single handle .
great fit and finish . fast shipping . really nice accent to my kitchen and works well with the right leviton switch
affordable . convinient . small . working fine so far . fot somebody , who is looking for a small , quality flashlight , - this is excellent choice .
this blade cuts true and clean . it ran through 8/ 4 red oak like it was butter . i will buy more freud blades for my table saw .
well having used many caulking guns . this is the best.it does not drip and it has a comfortable handle .
this is a better alternative to buying a new lamp but at low settings the light flickers a bit and eventually turns off completely .
this roller frame was just what my painting job needed . the paint went on smoothly and was very easy to get the roller cover off when done .
this device is accurate and fast . of all the tools i have ever bought , this one saves me more time than any other . highly recommend .
this light is very bright , can be programed with a computer , has many options , lasts a long time in use .
motor a little doggy . you really need to look at the motor specs before you buy a dewalt . they sell household to contractor grade .
my dad has a metro vac and he ran out of bags . these bags fit perfectly and my dad is quite happy with them .
i read the instructions and watched the video that came with this and this product just does not work as advertised .
it works .. i guess , it's just not what i was looking for.to be fair , for the price it's pretty good but i still expected better .
it took my probably 5 minutes to connect these couplers , including locating the right tools and the clean up . i tested the hose - no visible leaks ...
these are the best " dikes " you can buy . i expect that they will last for my lifetime . i use them frequently .
came in very handy to cut holes in a kitchen soffit to check for anything inside . cut clean , neat holes quickly .
it is formed clay . it does not work at all and a box of modeling clay is much cheaper . a major rip off .
these are nice versatile outlet box extenders that can easily be trimmed and modified if required for the task . they also come with ample length screws .
i received these for christmas and so far so good . they feel comfortable and do a very good job of blocking sound .
stocking up to have enough power when needed . replaced one that i wore out . go for it . finished with this statement
good price , easy to use , inexpensive . this is a good item to buy when using extension cords in the yard .
these lights are relatively bright , so near where you sleep might not be best placement , otherwise great design and function .
these are great as a table extension to the dw735 planer . gets more surface area for boards to slide across .
this unit works great . a quality unit that should last me a long time . it is easy to find staples for , to load and use .
pretty much a no brainer purchase if you need high quality bits . they are super sharp and will cut through just about anything .
there is no surprises here .. kester rosin core solder it's one of the best if not the best ..
these are very nice high quality tools , strong and do not rip out i would recommend as part of any toolkit
it is a great lamp for the older generation that needs more light to see as well as magnifies so they can read . great lamp
in use at my work for years and the batteries still hold a charge well . has tons of power and easy to use .
great product and sent in quick time to au . will buy this product again so i will put in my favourites .
it works great . before i ordered this i thought that they only made fire safes this size .
love kreg priducts , own the jig , various clamps , the shelf pin drilling jig , the crown molding jig and a couple of dvds .
very good product s great ! good clean fit water tight . tight fit from female . would very much buy again if needed ! ! !
this does not have enough surface area for large turning projects . want to drill its own hole if the piece slips .
good solid stanley quality.the price was right and i am not disappointed in this ratcheti would will buy another if i need a second !
works as advertised but not a very useful item . real challenge to open the shipping package . i would not reorder
awesome brightness , cool to the touch and the dispersion field is almost 160 degrees . unbelievable price ! i bought 3 more after i got it .
not a scene controller , but does a decent job of turning lights on and off
works well for cutting drywall . i used this to install wall plates in my new home and had no issue with this tool .
the extension cord is ... an extension cord . it works exactly as you expect it to work . it is durable , flexible and not overly heavy .
i have had the motion sensor light for a couple of months now and it has worked great . i have no complaints .
fits our backyard fence well . but dials are small , hard to dial in the cold rain . i don't believe this would be strong if assaulted .
wasnt what was advertised in picture so i had to send back . excellent customer service on the return . probably the best i've ever had in a return situation
i waited a year to write my review . this battery holds up well and i recommend it . i will buy another one next year as a backup .
surefire led flashlights are synonymous with quality and relaibility . i would recommend this to anyone who needs a real workhorse to handle any lighting needs .
i'm happy with this stand , it's held up well and i'd say it's a good value .
a good accessory almost necessary if you own the 6 " random orbit sander by bosch . it makes sanding cleaner and protects your health at the same time .
it is way too dim and is not usable in bright daylight for lining up cuts . i would not recommend this product at all .
fit my saw perfectly . only negative is that you have to screw it into the saw . be nice if it clipped in like the normal plate .
outside of usa is hard to find lead-free solder roll ( specially in central america ) and work so good in electrical connections like audio or video ones.thanks .
nice and tight , they function well as operator gloves . they allow air in so your hands don't all sweaty and hold up well to vigorous use .
very heavy , well built toilet seat . about 1/2 the price of the nearest mega hardware store . looks like it will last forever .
sharp works great , self centering . this tool will last a very long time with the proper care and storage .
i hate sponges for cleaning soldering tips . why ? because they do not work all that great . if you like product that work then this is it .
super handly and easy manuver due to the mini-ness of the size . definitely not an issue as it is perfect handling
the plunge works great ( i don't have anything to compare it to though ) but i use this base whenever possible just for the vacuum connection .
good for grinding paint chips on the car that have started to rust before touching up . cheap , easy , good control .
works as it is supposed to . keep one outside of all of my buildings . holds up fine to the very hot scalding az summer sun .
works really well , i needed to retire my old one and this one did the job . love the quick blade change .
after having problems from plywood veneers " chipping " @ the cut edge , purchased this unit - it solved the problem !
led is the way togo . i use this mighty little light daily at my repair facility . battery life is amazing .
i don't know how so many lumens can be produced by a light using 1 aaa battery . quality could not be better . a little pricey .
there's not too much one can say about wire . it does what it's supposed to do , i have no complaints about the quality or the condition .
its a magnifier . i mean what do you want me to say . it magnifies well . that's about all . ok thanks
have been clipping various capacitors , diodes , etc . off circuit boards with this tool . works great , sturdy , fits the hand well , sharp blades .
they don't stretch very far , but seem well made , and filled the need i had in my shop cabinets . cant ' beat the price .
very good price but not as bright as i thought they would of been ... but for just mood lighting they are perfect
this product is not well made and dulls very easily . i cannot recommend this product to even the light user . i
a great item this one was a gift for a new home owner , i have several plugged in all over the house .
this product is connected to pipe heating cables . although the pipe heating cables are equipped with thermostats , this product is a back up on this particular connection .
used it acouple times .. trick is to keep it clean and probes polished with scubbing pads ... and follow the instructions ... then it will work ...
i am very happy with these . they appear to be well made , are economical and i feel they will last for some time . i recommend them .
it works ! saved my pipes during several cold snaps ! buy several , better than calling a plumber to replace you pipes .
if your doing any doors that have square corners don't be caught without one .
this is exactly what i was looking for . i can easily place it through both wheels , and onto the u-lock . it is relatively lightweight also .
no idea yet what the longevity of this unit will be - but , it works fine and seems to be a great value .
watch the price closely on these . they were $ 52.25 w / free shippping last week here , now over $ 67 . i will buy locally .
i went through my toolbox and got this as an add on . it works fine , but the movement seems a little loose .
great bulbs for the value and last lots longer and love the swirl in the winter they come on dim and brightened as they warm up ! ! !
i shopped for this everywhere , and i found this on amazon.com . it was a great price , an i couldn't turn it down . sw
excellent little sample of what is available for the dremel in this department . use this to find out what accessory is best suited for your needs .
i thought it will work , but it is not that good . don't really like it , by the photo i thought it was smaller in diameter .
it is so much nicer to hear a soft thump rather than a loud slam when my cabinet doors go shut .
this is a pretty amazing little light it generates its own power from the water running through it . for the price it ' pretty cool !
these are great , better priced an dureable also , easy to put up and gives your property a great look also , would recommend to all ,
i used this to debadge my cars emblems and dealer decals . it works great and would recommend it to others
they work but just barely-we replaced one exactly like this-switch got condensation in it . their is a rubber seal however-use it .
these bulbs were purchased to put at the front entry of my development . they are on from dusk to dawn and we have had no problems .
we used it to replace the one in our rv and had no problem installing it , and so far it works .
here is one nice wrench , quality for the money . will last for years & torques in both left & right hand threads .
if you need a spot of daylight at night this is the tool for you , the zoom function is great and doing this with one battery quite impressive .
tester works well but i have seen better quality . markings on testerare very poor ... hard to read diagnostic markings .
the handle has a great quality feel to it . it installed in a standard door lock opening and works smoothly .
the tools is perfect reach fast and save , good packing and another excellent choice i made for resolvable price
i have a small outside light that was forever burning out whenever a winter storm hit . this one is going on two years now .
got what i paid for , and the price is decent . great for not wasting plug spaces on bulky charging plugs or power converters .
i bought these for a stocking stuffer for a friend that is into nail deco . they look like they will work out great for her .
great for an rv , light weight and very sturdy . highly recommended . simple to fold and unfold . easy to store and takes up little space .
i bought this to control a lamp . it paired as easily as the the other ge devices i have installed . i would purchase again .
the batteries are fine but the charger doesn't seem to charge the batteries to full charge . i trid to leave the charger plugged in more but this doesn't help
nice tool . been able to confirm the accuracy of the angle of the my table saw blade . good tool not encounter any problem with it .
this item works exactly as advertised and is well made . i would purchase this item again should the need arise .
it is small and very compact for use on a visor . worked on a 1996 genie model in my garage .
an okay cheap vise . works well for my movable worktable . it does just what you would expect a small wood vise to do .
after using pegboard for many years , this thingis like sliced bread , wish i would have purchasedsooner and saved myself some grief .
this tester works great . use it regularly for checking batteries . haven't had any problems with it . price is right too
this simple device is exactly what you expect . no frills or do-dads just a pivoting aerator . i hope it lasts at least 2 years without cleaning .
it works , and works well . the handle is nice if you want to move it around , and the top makes for a nice little shelf .
this is a good hammer and is nice to grip . does the job and feels nice .
great energy effecient lights , i have them outside my house and they work great and put off a nice natural light
this is a great set of needle nose . excellent fit and finish . smooth operation . good jaw alignment.no complaints ... highly recommended .
i have been using this on my router table for about 5-6 years and it works great.it looks like it is made to last a life time .
this is cheaply made and not as bright as one would think . also the bracket is totally plastic . not recommended .
very well made and very useful . it is relatively large and heavy , though , so make extra room for it in your tool bag .
this itemgreat way to get the calories needed on a short term basis . i would not recommend it for long term use .
this is a thin plastic coated steal cable that threads thru the locking mechanism . good for the honest . could probably bust it open with a hammer
i only needed this to install the first and last rows of hardwood and it works excellent . i used it with bostitch 2 inch nails .
impressed with the quality and saved my backside several times working on my truck . was exactly what i expected and withstood everything i threw at them .
good product , better quality than most foam tapes . has the look and feel of " memory foam " . not super sticky but works well .
a little more expensive . but works great . i like the feature of showing the width of the stud in one pass . recommended .
great price for a usually expensive product in these quantities . it is a great buy when you are wanting to increase the lighting quality in your home .
it works very well . crosscut is very easy but the ripping cut is a little bit difficult with some burning smell .
i have not used this item yet but i am sure it will do the jobit is nothing fancy
the glow from the led lit up the whole room . didn't like that part of it but other than that it worked like it was supposed to
the mask these are for is a great mask and these replacements fit like they should and filter really well . highly recommend .
has just a little bit of everything that you would need . i wish there would be more focused sets of this magnitude but this one suffices for now
i have a few of these for my closets and like it very much . lets out a good ( not great ) just a good amount of light .
was concerned that the plastic would be cheap but turns out to be very sturdy and of good quality . does close quietly so no loud bangs from it .
this is a good small hole kit . all the blades were sharp and did their job .
this tape looks great , easy to use and sticks perfectly . great for any decor / craft work . will be coming back for more !
bought two of these so as to have a spare installed under the tile just in case one went bad so extra insurance .
this time was purchased to turn on the porch light on each night , it's a great switch and does what it intended to do .
this is the exact same unit that we were issued with our leased property ... programming took all of 2 minutes ( including getting out my ladder ) .
since using these things for absolutely everything i am absolutely sold on them . they don't leave holes in my walls and hold all kinds of things sturdily .
good led light for the price . the case seems to be well sealed from the weather and has a good mount .
this unit is an excellent tool , allowing the head to adjust to different positions and light up the work area .
these belts are great when you have a shaft that precludes belt removal without dismantling the whole machine . solves vibration problems too .
great little flashlight . waterproof and quite bright . nice compact size . batteries last a very long time . i use it regularly .
excellent edc just a little heavy nice look practical aaa battery easy to find.very good materials , feel solid and with nice shape
this is the best glue i have ever used and it was never " lumpy " and if it was i would just mix it better ... good product titebond
this is a decent led flood light if you don't mind the unpleasant color . i would recommend 2700 k . thanks
the shelves will bend a bit with around 100 pounds on them . also , being plastic they are brittle , and , will crack if handled rough .
there's always something that needs to be tied-on or temporarily fixed . these gear ties are a must-have add to any bicycling kit
perfect clear safety glasses for my work area . they fit well and do the job just right . they seem well made .
cant compare to others but i love the feel of this one . shorter than stanley's stubby and much better to hold . quality german engineering
i like some neiko tools , this one also , let my screw driver versatile , traditional way buy very sturdy . i like it .
product has a neat clean look ... much more modern appearance than the traditional faceplates . i'm glad i switched to the decora line .
did not have any experience with anchor staples till i got these . they were easy to use and worked like i suspected .
this is a great little starter set and gives you a variety of tools to work with.well made and it has a nice case !
but they do die out a little fast ... which i kinda expected .. but they are great for small projects ...
one of the best things i have recently bought . works great . i just use the batteries not the plug in ( kind of cumbersome )
great price and delievered fast and just as advertised . these are refills only and not the holder for the toilet cleaner
got these for my husband and he was excited to organize the garage , works great and was a great price .
no wobble , straight and tough . you cannot beat the price and performs as well as the big flashy , colorful and expensive brands
been using these garage door openers for 20 + years . tough , durable and reliable . will continue purchasing for many more years .
it doesn't magnetize well enough . i was expecting more . maybe it does the job on tiny tools but not on standard ones .
well made as all weller soldering equipment i have purchased over the years . should last me for many years.nice case to store it and accessories in .
i've ordered several of these modules and love them set up is a breeze and they respond to triggers very quickly .
everything came in in great time and was packaged very well . the price on it was great also . just as listed .
love , love goodyear air hoses . stays flexible , rugged and tough , and do not leak . buy it if you need hose . no substitutes .
got them for my dad to carry and he likes them . se - magnifier - folding , 8x , 1.5 in . - mf2054b
nice strong machine , you can lay on it and it keeps chugging along . i do boats and that is a workout for the machine and myself .
i put this paint on a panel set a year back and it looks as good as new now . i am quite happy with it .
very nice faucet . if you want a solid bathroom faucet , this is the one . i have a matching one for my kitchen sink .
it works fine for my christmas tree and other lights around the house . i would recommend this product to anyone .
this flashlight is very bright for its size . it is compact and light weight and very bright . the rechargeable batteries hold a charge well .
this lamp is a perfect balance with brightness , runtime and weight . highly recommend this light . led lenser makes good stuff ...
bought this item to increase the efficiency in my shop and garage and it functions very well for the purpose intended .
nordic pure filter works beautifully . smells wonderful and a perfect fitthis is a quality product and a good bargain price
the metal that was used to make these are of a descent hardness , enough for the size of the screws that it fits i would say .
as another reviewer noted , the set i received had two of one size and missing another size . the one that i needed !
i am very happy with this purchase . the screwbits are well made and work flawlessly . i highly recommend this set for your toolbox .
fine led dimmer . i would give it five stars if it were physically smaller and / or it had a minimum brightness adjustmet .
this is a good quality , standard mallet set . pine handles are solidly attached to the head . definitly worth the money .
the only one that i could find that would work with the old biscut cutter that i have and they work great for smaller projects
it's a belt ... it holds my pants up and keeps my tool in place ! it has holes and a buckle too !
if you're new to pocket joinery , this is a great book for instruction and inspiration . easily understandable , with lots of photos .
great blade , totally transformed my skil saw . i use this blade to cut sheets of oak plywood for projects and have always gotten a nice smooth cut .
ge lighting is lighter than my original bulbs i replaced them with . it lights well and is really bright at night . it outweighs the plastic light sensor .
this looks and works as advertised . timer is easy to set . weather proofing seems adequate and the door closes securely .
i like it . it is thinner than my old craftsman wrench . it fits into a tight spot nicely , i love it.peter .
every now and then i come across a really magical philips bit that last for months of hard use in my cordless impact driver but these aren't it .
needed an overhead light for a room that i built in my house but its not wired , this works great
this is a no frills soldering iron that just works . have one of those fancy electronic ones that more or less is junk .
very nice unit ! i like the fact it uses aa batterys instead of a 9 volt . just a very clean unit !
i bought another one of these locally . i liked it so much , i thought i needed another . i bought another and highly recommend .
this the best way to haul and set up your dewalt table saw . also you can store your saw in the upright position .
does what it is supposed to do , well made and worth the money . i would buy another if i needed too .
this is a must have tool in your tool box . if you saw the tv infomercial you will see all it can do
i use this to fix several cages that had deteriorated over the year , and now have like-new cages to trap the vermin .
made to go with the skylink receiver . could not program to use on my garage door . used the multicode 3089 300mhz one button remote by chamberlain instead .
good buy for the money , plus they are craftsman , so you can get them replaced when they go bad or break .
i gave this product to a friend . worked good for me . i have been with him and noticed he had another brand not as good .
i have the earlier model without the remote but works great . put a wall timer in and works great .
this porter cable sander is a proven tool . i have used mine on many projects , and it has performed very well .
great saw , have not used it that much but very smooth and can't beat it for $ 100 .
good set the saw blade . work well with the porter-cable pc600js 6 amp orbital jig saw . leaves cut for every need
never know when you will blow out a bulb . keep a pack of these in each car , just in case .
light is compact making it easy to carry - - it provides a lot of light for such a small size - - just what i wanted !
this is a nice , sturdy and low cost organizer just for any thing . comes in real handy with kids ' toys.reasonably priced . recommended .
needed these for an upholstery project . stainless staples will guard against rust stains on the fabric . recommended inconcert with an air-dried staple gun
what can one say about a standard circuit breaker . this one works fine , and installed as easily as any other brand i have used .
very high quality at low price . the optics are quite good for the price . i don't think a better viewer exists for the price .
just what i said in the title . i don't know why i milked the old filter for so long . good value .
we used this for camping instead of bringing a power strip . all we needed was a cellphone charger and a fan going . this extension cord worked perfect .
its not your grandfathers hand made marking gauge from germany , but it will do the same job and look classy .
no problems with this product , price factor is perfect . have used several different amperage's , the extra little ones are great for testing circuits
i like the versatility of the blades i use these blades most of the time , works for me !
great light for working under the hood or around the place . good focused throw lets you see further than many pen sized lights .
i'm really likely the quality on these bits . for the price i paid , i'm actually shocked at how well they're made . it's a great starter set .
this saw blade to me should be sharper and last longer i put down a laminate and before i was the blade was very dull
this led desk lamp is quite nice . not too bright nor too dim . it uses very little electricity and can be adjusted for any use .
i installed this in my cherokee to handle some after market lights , additional 12v receptacles , etc . excellent quality and is holding up well to date .
this unit works well and was easy to install . i actually only needed a thermostat but the price was about the same .
these pliers are well built and inexpensive . i would not be without a pair in my tool bag . would recommend them to anyone .
battery out of the package had a good charge , which is was a good sign . i fully charged it and am very happy with how it performed .
these gloves give you a tight fit that allows you to manipulate things while gloved , they do not breath well
just changed the spring over to the new endcap and tightened it on . feels solid , will use it on something and let you guys know . :)
after three years of use the lock works flawlessly on the original battery and looks like i just brought it from the store despite being exposed to direct rain .
a very good deal with free shipping . need to have fresh units around the house and shop , and kidde is a good quality product
this light sensor with dimmer is packed with features . great value . highly recommend for any high traffic area . i installed this near the entry way .
even ask this old house featured this unit . marking the center of studs is much easier when you don't have to slide the stud finder back and forth .
good router for small jobs.only one this wrong.after running speed control switch slows down from vib.have to turn back up all the time .
my husband loves this punch , super easy to use and it comes in a great presentation box . would highly recommend to cigar somkers !
i do quite a bit of woodworking and found the porter cable compact belt sander to be very handy . i have no complaints whatsoever .
i was needing this to check temps on cylinders on my diesel . it worked very good , good value and easy to use .
good quality . they are packaged well and can be opened individually as needed . they do the job with out leaving any residue so far .
this saw is very well made and very accurate . the laser is easy to adjust and stays set . has the power to cut anything you need .
they're p-c . high quality , accurate , bad-a * * . delighted to have bought these . the size range is outstanding . would recommend to anyone .
perfect replacement for expensive handle , which gets easily broken due to internal jammed cartridges . really like it . easy to use .
a really great product . they last and i can actually get a size for my small hand . these are real quality .
took me a few min to figure out how they would be used - havent used them yet - have to cut some runs for the lights first
nice and bright , but the magnet fell off after just a couple of days . i like having the two different sets of leds .
it didn't work for me . my sinks are angled and it wouldn't go down . basically useless waste of money . that's all
nearly blew me out of the shower this morning ! i'll screw around with the settings tomorrow . great product , great price . buy this one folks !
only when compared to other nicads . i have since upgraded to a milwaukee wth lithium battery and it is miles ahead .
nice to be able to buy the replacement parts . this one has been working fine for over a year now .
a little pricy ; however , they work well so far as emergency flashlights in our cars . i have one set on the dashboard for continuous charging .
great product good packaging . run's fine.no complaints except i ( and my wrist ) wish i bought one years ago .
he really enjoyed receiving this knife , he has it handy and is eager it give anyone a hand when something needs to be cut .
this is a great item for organizing your wrenches / made storing them significantly easier .
it's an easy install , a little noisy , but they all are and it was priced ok . for a small you i recommend it .
i love this solar light ! ! it is really good and brightens up our dark driveway . my neighbors even love it because it shines on there side .
i cleaned my bbq pit with a wire brush and then painted it . i now have a great looking pit again .
works as described and you will not find anything smaller for you to use when on the go great great great travel scope
every woodworker needs one of these in the shop . i bought it and use it all the time in my shop .
this is great even if it is for a specific use . with these you can open and close any chain in either direction by squeezing the pliers .
nice hanger . easy setup . they sell these at hd for the same price .
another stanley product that is easy to use and last forever . is covered by lifetime warranty it is a tool of many uses in addition to prybar
these were a supper price and while not supper strong they will do the job and you get a lot for your money .
works well on all household items needing lubrication . have also used on the snow blower and other power equipment . would highly recommend .
love the flowers an the lights , it's conveniently to fit in areas i want ! its nice to look at night .
this changes the bulbs in an 18 foot ceiling with ease and without a ladder . it works exactly as described .
this went through cultured marble like it was nothing . the motor seems to have plenty of power and the blade does its job . highly recommend .
used it to cut 4x8 sheet of sandeply plywood lengthwise to make tops of 2x8 storage shelves . cut was very clean . very satisfied !
for use with multiple types of 3m filters . it came with the dust filter which is ok . could be more comfortable but still ok .
this soldering gun has met all of my expectaions and is doing an excellant job of soldering the things i wanted
does what it's supposed to do . arrived square and still is to this day . i think it's a must for any diy inventory .
great solar led . not sure about the lasting ability but this one is really bright . highly recommend . stakes are also strong .
from china , but they checked out good with a . 0001 " indicator and a height gauge . would recommend to others again .
can be a bit difficult to get the lock to completely cooperate and pop apart , but it is a good lock and serves its purpose well .
i use this flashlight almost everyday for my job . i love the swivel head which allows you to shine the light wherever you need it .
i've been using these blade to trim and actually cut down some smaller trees and they have been performing admirably.quality and price are great .
it does what it should but you need ear plugs or go deaf again order quality over unknown brands verry loud
i wasn't sure which side to use for the application.one side should be more protective of fragile surfaces , but didn't see a difference .
reviews said it made the battery last longer and it really does , got almost 24 hours out of the flashlight
these are nice tough , sharp bits . already drilled though metal with ease . much better than the cheap set i had .
i have been using these bits in my klein drivers and my drills and they have been doing well . the item came well packaged and quickly from amazon .
now this is a easy lock to work and holds up in all weather thats why i bought it and have 5 more and all work great
they do what they are supposed to do .. but they are too wide for a lot of the spots i want to use them .
this is a great little saw . it is small and light enough to pack and carry ; but big enough to do the job when required .
works well and is prefilled with butane.flame is adjustable and is powerful for its compact size.great for loosening red loctite .
i love the drill and love the boxes to keep everything together . i'm not a real organized person but with these it is easy .
a great little survival tin light . super bright and so small . i love mine and will be grabbing more to scatter about my packs and bags .
leatherman makes the best . i bought this a few years ago and it's been on my keychain ever since . would not hesitate to buy another .
i bought a couple of these from different sources and the are very similar . no complaints , it holds all of my medium cree flashlights .
expensive , but worth every dime . if you take care of them they will outlast you.that ' s all there is to say .
this blade is awesome , ripped through a lot of different tiles that i've tried . definitely the blade to get if you do a lot of tiling .
the material are good , easy to install , no misteries , you get what you paid for !
product works just as advertised . the only issue i have it the blue led light . i'm not a fan of the blue light .
great price compaired to others on the web . and it works like its supposed to . over a year old and is still going strong
wife wanted a toolbox for work that made hers unique and this one definitely filled that void for her . nice toolbox .
my unit is not like that pictured . pigtail wires rather than finished cords . my intended use is going to require considerable more work because of this .
i bought this for my daughter for a stocking stuffer . with all the storms and power outages this will come in handy .
the product came with a label stating it was " used but like new " . i paid for new ! ! ! what does that even mean ? ?
a little pricey for what it is , but given the total outlay that's ok . has come in handy as a small multipurpose tool .
they were purchased as a gift to go along with a new drill . they looked to be well made and the case looked sturdy as well .
fit perfectly on my $ 50.00 harbor freight 8 inch bench grinder . good quailty and should last a long , long time !
i need these all the time mfor my woodworking finishing . these are great and the cost is much better than i've found anywhere else
holds stuff for welding okay but is too pricey for quality it seems to me it should be 3-4 bucks cheaper imo
it's great . much heavier than any other hacksaw i have ever seen . about time somebody improved upon the simple design of this saw .
some what expensive , but works very well . a must have if your shelf pin is 5mm size.most bits on the market are sae in inches .
very sturdy at an excellent price . completes my impact set very nicely . i would highly recommend to the do it yourselfers
i've been able to use this sharpening unit on pocket knives and small scissors . it's compact , portable and easy to use .
this is soooo nice and the price was very very good ! ! i am very happy with the purchase thanks a lot for this ! ! !
this product performs exactly as advertised ; i believe it's intended for very fine micro-electronic work which is what i got it for
what can we say about a lightbulb ? it worked and was priced right . the connector is a bit brittle , so handle with care .
another great product from stabila . nothing fancy here , just a well made little pocket level . very useful in many situations .
thought this was going to be like my flimsy one i had back when i was in woodshop but it wasnt and it lived up tp specifications as described
light was bright enough to light up a closet area , but the motion sensor quit working on both units after 2 weeks
this is the only full size flashlight i use now , it blows regular flashlights out of the water . use it just one time and your hooked .
this clamp allows a precise screw placement on either side of clamp . a good start is all important for joint alignment .
it is a good product and does the job that i wanted it to do . kreg makes good tools . amen .
it works , it is solid , spring loaded pin means you cannot make mistakes . i like it !
files keeps falling out of holder . i figured it would be good with the nicholson name . wrong again ... won't buy their product again .
filters are as described genuine air bear , 3pk good deal cheaper than the big box stores , arrived in good condition and as scheduled . good deal !
i was surprised at the small size and the large readout . excellent quality . easy to use . prompt shipper . i do highly recommend .
like the lock this is made for , it's not only excellent , but paintable . the previous reviews are as accurate as they are helpful .
while it makes a great clamp i use it for a circular saw guide most often and it is great for that . well made - excellent product !
fits anywhere you need it it . not going to damage the truck bed and onc on very secure . happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy
they are a bit pricy but they are original makita brand . can't beat that . let's see how long they last .
worth the price . fits in my sears compartment case very well . for general use around the house . not industrial use .
tight spots ? this solves it . easy to attach and easy to use . a needed addition to you dremel tool kit !
very good price and good looking screening . now i can easily replace old screening with holes or rips in it .
a normal drill type chuck that allows you to use different arbor size tooling . fair pricing for dremel product . ok
very nice quality . i wouldnt use this outdoor just in case but for indoor use it will give you years of service .
this thing is amazing , does what it is supposed to do , provides very cool low-power ambient light , and with a remote too !
use this cover for that single gang box , it will help make the wall nice and keep its occupants safe .
not only is it fun to use , it's also useful . i was able to use it immediately , without having to read the instructions .
easy to setup and the bits cut well . the depth works great and pieces match well when putting them together .
kwikset smartkey is a great key system design . the keys are easy to program and suppose to be bump free .
i make a lot of shop jigs and these t-tracks along with my incra build-it knobs make solid dependable jigs .
this extra capacity battery really has a longer life ! it is larger and heavier but the extra life is worth it .
i have a regular old 4 foot shoplight that uses two t8 flourescent bulbs and this works perfectly with them where a leviton model that was supposedly compatible failed .
the motion sensor comes on more often than it should even at low setting and stays on longer than the 12 min . it is suppose to
used this pump a little over a hear for a portable air conditioner to eject the water out the window . works great and have had no issues .
nice product , it works as advertised , the width is nice for pcb work . makes it easy to get into tight spaces .
i use these every time i work with wood . excellent quality . small issue with a strap coming apart but re-glues and it works great . great purchase
been using this thing for a while now , it's so bright and it's retained it's brightness for a really long time .
freu blades are among the best . they are sharp , well made , well designed to reduce friction and heat , and can economically be resharpened .
not sure if it is a bright as advertised but it is a good flashlight for regular use or protection . i bought the charger also .
this is very sensitive - was easy to set up too . i will be buying more as i start putting them around my house .
this is great for when your electric goes out , it is better than having to worry about buying candles all the time !
i bought the standout to work around awnings . these provided the extra space i needed to complete the job . they feel very secure when on the ladder .
i used it in all noisy environments . it is great and it keeps my ears deadly quiet . the best ear muffer i have ever had .
i am extreamly pleased with this product tons of power and battery life is great with this tool , another great tool from dewalt
love the fact it takes a sample and compares with visible color change . fun to use and really informative . great father's day gift .
does not fit : 1600lm lumen zoomable cree xml xm-l t6 led flashlight torch.amazon suggested purchasing this with the flashlight above , however the threading does not match
says ott on the packaging and the bulb . big savings over buying it atjoann's . and i could see no light difference from what was in the lamp .
its a concentrated light more than sufficient for electrical repairs and easy to store almost anywhere so you actually have it when you need it .
this stick works good when changing oil on my car to put the proper torque on the drain plug , and i loved that it came with a case .
i really like the no drip feature of this and it works extremely well . i will purchase again in the future .
should work well , make sure that you have to the correct model flashlight for the upgrade
i ordered two of these . i really like them . the price is very good and the quality is also good . the handle is comfortable .
love night lights and chose white because they seem brighter to me than clear . nice price and last a long time . thanks
got these for puzzle lights for 5 kids . wanted cords as long as i could find and settled on these , also liked the switch .
these batteries were delivered fresh and are strong and as long lasting as other brands i have used . very satisfied .
love this little thing . i keep it on my wallet . it's bright and does what it should do . i had it several months no problems .
after sawing a single piece of plywood it needs to be recharged which takes over night . that effectively makes it useless .
reasonable price and name brand filters . i got exactly what i expected and they fit perfectly . much better price than at a local store .
these safety goggles are very well-made and comfortable.they don't fog up.they fit well with the protective mask i also bought .
paradise light far and above the cheap malibu lights sold at home depot . you can feel the difference right away . worth the extra money ! !
a little bit noisy , but it does its job well . it sorta has that electric smell though .
these little boxes make electrical and electronic projects neat and nearly weatherproof . be creative , design something , and package it in one of these .
great in every regard - except battery life . that makes it impractical for biking .
a little lightly built for a kreg product , even though it works , i expect more from kreg , more engineering needed for a perfect product .
this is tiny . still , it works . it is better than electronic one that cannot find the stud at all.cheap but good .
this rheostat is excellent for my dental office . allows me to be able to control the speed of the dremel tool with my foot . rolando
work great , keep them sharp and they throw ribbons . i have tools that cost as much as the set that do not do as well .
very well made . i would sure tell anyone that to dress your work up , this is perfect . it's a dremel living up to it's reputation .
one basic miter box , the pegs work nicely only complaint is the box its self is made of a rather mediocre plastic .
nice quality , use it for my own homemade tire inflation system with a scuba tank and scuba 1st stage regulator .
i used these to make a car repair in a tight spot . did the job so i could drill out and retap a bolt that had sheared .
cuts down on vibration in all belt driven power tools . table saw now passes the standing up on edge nickel test !
bought one for each of my adult daughters to use while traveling . they say they work well , and takes a lot of worry off of me .
what else can i say ? it perfectly holds any drill diameter i have . no need to change this holder insert every time . i'm happy .
this is good for what i wanted , but doesn't alway stay where it is put it the pressure is on .
the only negative feature is that i feel theses plates should have been automatically included with the bessey clamp , instead of being sold separately .
i have had a dewalt cordless drill for years and picking up a couple more batteries only made sense when i purchased a cordless saw .
this is an okay home tool kit . it does not have the tools for a specialized job but it does have the tools for occasional home repairs .
very bright bit why not make them adjustable ? you have to get the rechargeable batteries fyi . well some more words for you .
got what i expected . this is something needed for the jigsaw and good to have on hand . good value for the money .
it might be a bit large to use in confined spaces , but it works well and i love the way that the bits are stored in the handle .
this attachment permits you to access tight places and hanging the tool up gives the user more flexibility and ease of use .
this will not have a prize for being highly designed , but works very well . i definitely recommend this for dark alleys near your patio or garden ..
i have used this tool time after time in all kinds of jobs man it has not failed yet . 2 years going strong
these decals are the best that i have found . you can remove them and place in different areas without damaging the decal or the wall .
these beat other dampers hand down . the little " tit " really helps with the level that this dampen slamming cabinet door noise .
it is strong and easy to use and it works great for what i bought it for ... my husband loves it .
it is a good buy for general purpose work ... i use it for different sizes screws on laptops ... overall nice design and good price
this tool did not work to replace my moen 1225 single handled cartridge . i wound up using a pair of pliers and sending the tool back to amazon .
klein quality always speaks for itself . i have many klein hand tools , and this one is as good as any !
better than clamps i've bought for three times the price ! can't go wrong with this one .
this is one of the best carry-around saws i've used . it's light , accurate and has good power . a quality saw .
great light .. works very well . i have not yet tested the longevity of this .. it is a good outdoor light
how much can i say about a fuse ? it is brand new and nicely packaged works well and my fluke is happy .
this is a good addition to my woodworking chuck and allows the turning of bowls . it works as well as some more expensive models i have used .
i use the bottle opener the most , but it's a useful tool to have on hand when you need to poke or pry small things .
this is the best set of bolt extractors that i have seen . the extractors don't slip like an easy out will . i would recommend this product .
good only indoors , but does make cutting area more visable and safer . good addition to this saw . i prefer this over the lazer .
this is very easy to install , and it puts out a nice , soft light . it looks great s well . we're very pleased with it !
works great , but the quality is very poor . you need to bend out the contacts , and you can't tighten to hard or it will break .
it does exactly what it says . it does look kinda funny on the end of your flashlight , but it works good .
i would reccomend this foam tape to anybody who needs to seal air gaps that let cold air in home .
good quality - heavy duty . used a 100 watt ( 22 actual ) cfl . lots of light where you need it .
quite impressed by this unit ; our machine shop has a lot of grinder / buffer equipment . for a free standing unit , it's surprisingly stable .
what a handy piece of equipment for using it to put angles on my knives while sharpening . a must have in my opinion .
this flashlight has all the features you need for both security and personal protection . all neatly rolled into a durable device .
easy to install . good quality and works really well . water pressure is jut right for washing my dog . everything works and no leaks .
one key and four locks ! these are great if you have several shed that you need locked but don't want to carry around four separate keys .
very accurate , easy to use . shuts off automatically after a few seconds . batteries last a long time .
wish i hade bought it in eze lock . had one disk before worked great till i lost it.shuold last 5 times longer now
this is a nice addition to my leatherman wave and skeletool with a wide variety of bits . the nylon sheath comes in handy too.thanks , chris cunningham
makes for a happy motorcycle . matter of fact i should spray some more on probably , but it has lasted so long i have not had to yet .
wasn't very bright and wanted it for elderly parents to find their way to switch in dark room--it serves the purpose of making the switch location known though .
i wanted to put a heater with electric , baseboard heater but doesn't work with it and had to return it but it seems like a great product .
very nice double hook , i got it to match the other bath accessories and it did it perfectly , very happy
you are getting 2 showers in one piece of excellent construction . great brand name recognition as well as price . this is as good as it gets .
6500k just wish i could find 1 alot higher im sure im not the only 1 looking 10000k or better
good for hiding small items like keys or jewelry out in front of anyone and not knowing its there . love it !
1 $ at target's 1 $ bin without batteries . sometimes works . sometimes doesn't . takes 3 aaa . inconsistency not good for a flashlight .
the only thing keeping me from giving it a 5th star is the 3aaa batteries . if it took the 18650 li-ion batteries it would easily get 5 stars .
poor quality garbage taiwan branded sockets you might buy at a dollar store . any other set of sockets would be better . avoid .
a great knife / multi-tool , and well designed with the most used blade on the outside . the edges are rounded , so it is comfortable to hold .
nice and bright and doesn't eat up batteries . the headband is nice too and easy to adjust . i use this a couple times a week .
very well built an immensely helpful . i can't believe i went so long without a laser level . used indoors the lines were plenty bright .
very useful tool and make well enough to withstand use . this model is intended for shorter materials up to 24 " .
good brightness and durable . been using for over a year now and it works great . battery life is good also
great accessories for your air tools . extends the reach of your impact wrench . very high quality . will provide years of use .
purchased this 10 - blade set to use with a new rockwell blade runner . high quality blades . item was packed well and shipped promptly .
for my uses these are much better than the round bungee cords . i use it to tie things ontomy atv rack and so far nothing has come off .
this is a fantastic buy , i love it . great suction and easy to manuever . nice and compact . just what i was hoping for .
this is a very basic average looking double towel rack . nothing fancy . serves it's purpose . installs easily on the wall .
works great ! i have a lever type door handle , it works great ! sleep in peace , make sure no one bashes your door in !
these are great for light yard work , good flexibility so you can use the for just about any outside light duty work .
bought this for the woodworking spouse for xmas . she loves it . she has other dremels , but this is one the most inclusive kits sold by dremel .
i like it when it came in , i bought another one . very bright and sturdy from one battery with this light ! highly recommended !
these batteries do there job . they give power to my rail mounted flashlight . they are not too heavy and do there job right .
i bought several of these for my kitchen cabinets . there well made and sturdy . i very happy with this purchase .
these are great locks . they came with four keys . and they are all keyed alike . a great purchase ! get them !
spendy , yes , but our reading light for the bed was designed for halogen bulbs---and of course they get hot . these bulbs are bright and cool ! !
this is one nice set of long metric allen wrench socket set for the price . i highly recommend these to anyone . excellent price .
does what it needs to do , would recommend it over the others out there , for price and quality you can't go wrong .
these work great outside in the sun but the will fog up year-round if you're working face-down . for serious eye-protection use the dewalt anti-fog dual mold safety goggles .
dewalt dw1956 16 - piece pilot point drill bit set : vewry nice set as far as the bits are concerned and the nice box the come packed in !
so far this lamp seems to be fairly well made and price was ok .. six more words required to place this review .
i wish i got this long ago . i've used it with dust and odors and it works perfectly . we'll worth it .
these are a must have in your tool box , i have used them in many project and are life saver
heavy and flat . perfect for sharpening plane iron and chisel backs which is my primary use along with quality wet / dry sandpaper in varying grits .
great for every woodworkers shop ... these are great for getting into many small places and those hard to reach places buy it
got it on time , filled gaps in my set for a project , made my project go well . no issues would order again .
i've used this with the pico 4439c 1/0 awg battery cable 3/8 " tubular lug ring / eye terminals , and am very happy .
this set is perfect for hobby or gunsmithing . they are good quality and come in a handy holder that keeps them organized in a toolbox .
you get what you pay for when you purchase tool's and other equipment . dewalt is and has been a leader in quality and value for the money .
this is the perfect answer to an age old problem . nice work guys , this is a great contribution to the tool world .
this is our second headlamp from energizer and have been happy with their lighting products in general . this headlamp is pretty simple but does its job fine .
i bought this blade for cutting onyx trim , it works great , i just install it in my power miter box and cut away !
i think the picture makes it appear to be larger than it is . but it is nice quality and perfect for my husbands desk at work .
i may be able to find other uses for this as a custom computer builder but this is for a pre-filter for a new hepa room filter .
mine wore out using it on lap siding . this worked perfectly the price was a bit high but you get what you pay for .
it can be a bit hard to slide the led strip into the connector , but after it's in the connector works well .
strong hard brissels easy to hold and a quality handle . i.use it for every outside job and it worksn
these batteries are over priced , but work . if you buy a different brand of drill , or what ever , you can usually buy your batteries cheaper .
works as described ! needed it for an auxiliary fence , and a clamp is a clamp . did the job i needed it to !
fantastic blade ! for ~ $ 15 you can't go wrong on this - and it's not made in china .
i have resurfaced the plastic on my motorcycle and it had worked great ... plus great for using shrink tubes when doing electrical work
hola gente : just fancy , after a few months , get corrosion.saludos , allan .
when the shtf and you need an emergency exam this is the only headlight i trust . i would recommend 3 if things get hairy .
i picked this up last fall and found it easy to assemble and comfortable to wear while using my chainsaw . would recommend it to others .
nice if you are sanding in an enclosed area . i woudl also suggest a face mask as well ; one with a quality filter
you just can't beat bostitch nails . i did a 12 x 24 room and have about 1/3 box left . will buy again .
previously a metal worker and machining i have gone threw many drills.these are the best for the money imho !
this battery works as well as my oem makita batteries . it holds a charge for weeks without use and is ready when i need it .
just as advertised.dries reasonably fast , without running excessivly.as strong as it gets ! perfect for any hobby or project need
good filter so far . easy to put in and haven't had any problems yet . hopefully , it will last as long as they say .
it appears that the mirka gold cuts and lasts as well as 3m da discs . a good value for the price .
saw a wonderful , high-quality , powerful . i especially liked the laser pointer makes it very easy job . cuts material is not strained .
i bought this after using buddy's aviation snips that he had it for over 2 decades and he still uses it cut thin aluminum and steel with it .
these bits have worked great for the price you can't beat themi do recommend them and the case is not bad either
easy to install ( if u know how to install any common 120v receptacle ) reduced clutter , good product , manufacturer should put 4 usb ports .
simple to use and very affective . i love these handy little lights . they are very bright for their size . highly recommended
i replaced my old filter with this one ... knock on wood so far no more issues with allergies from my wife or child .
these are great , i have order twenty if not more . only had one bad one . the bad one , still works but if plug in .
i upgraded my polished brass to these nickel knobs . 102 to be exact . easy change out of the old knobs .
well crafted item in a good flexible holder . seem to be very sharp . may get another set as a spare .
for a quich sharpen job you can't beat one of these . don't forget when it wears out you should be able to flip the blades .
i bought this as a replacement for a battery that came with the original dewalt product and i find it very reliable .
works great for iron on edge banding for plywood , makes the end cuts flush and allows for quick finish with a file .
my daughter can play with this for hours . it does not produce a great amount of light , but enough to change the color of a room .
saved the pipes after a below zero spell . they work automatically they are easy to test and you install it and forget it . pipes are safe .
ladder is very reassuringly sturdy and stable with a rail to steady yourself while climbing / standing on it .
lots of drawers and various sizes . could use more dividers though . would recommend it to hobbyists to store small parts
i use these for spreading wood glue - and for doing small areas of stain . the unit cost is much lower than other sources .
seems like a cheap flashlight . it is fairly bright , but doesn't exactly produce uv light very well .
good light for the price it works well and the zoom feature make it very usable in any situation ,
excellent product . does exactly what i bought it for . more torque than i expected from such a small screw driver .
the 3 - pack of garden gloves really are a great buy . they last long and after washing were just like new .
this is a fine roller and hasn't given me a single minute of problems . the roller doesn't squeak and rolls smooth .
handy little tool to keep on my keyring . i carry a leatherman but still find myself using this thing all the time for odd jobs .
this item was a good price and came quickly . it was brand new in a sealed box . a must have .
remote works perfectly . having a single button is great , instead of 3 buttons ( 2 of which are useless ) . price was great .
love this product . great for wiring a bike when you working with small spaces . i have many crescent tools and happy with all of them .
why didn't i buy it sooner ? the stand makes this saw complete . if you own the saw buy the stand .
my advice is to spend more money , and get a better saw . i wasted my money , save yours .
decided to go with push button locks so i wanted a remote garage door opener to do the same . works great .
was really great to have it and it is working very well , no need to do any special and easy to install .
if you use dewalt tools you will love using these lithium battery's ... they last long and charge very fast ... 100 % better than the xrp's
used this camping this summer . loved it . nice and bright for a headlamp . i plan on sticking with this one for awhile .
absolutely great for costumes and hiding your ugly mug on chat roulette . i scared the poop out of my kids , which is always an added bonus . :)
these lights glow nearly all night after a sunny day . these make a nice addition to the look of your deck !
shiny ? check . round ? check . installs on walls ? check . 3 for 3 equals five stars in my book .
first time air tool user , easy and powerful , no troubles after much use renovating a home
best socket set for the money ! ! saved my knuckles from other sockets that seem to slip . really like the plastic case the set comes in too !
have not used the wrenches much but they appear to be very well built and especially like the old fashioned roll up storage bag .
tough and waterproof i have put it through hell and it held up , even the zippers are in new shape .
great but not very stretchy , especially in cold , unlike regular bungees , i do like the hook , easier to put on rack of honda 300
i got this for an easy way of doing knives . these work . a couple of swipes and you have a reasonable edge .
the stand is ok but could have a tighter seam at the filter stand area . it twists a little easier than i like .
this item does a nice job sharpening knives and so we are happy with the eze-lap . if the wife approves , all is well .
pun intended . i hate having to go buy individual sizes . this set is perfect for my needs . glad i bought it
these are great compared to the little " tactical lights " sold using 3 aaathese use 3 ccc and the new ones have 2 levelss
worked well for me . i have used several suckers and this one worked the best for the price . would buy again .
if you don't have one and are even thinking about it . . . buy one now . its like a dremel tool on steroids .
these work great and are very comfortable , sometime i forget i even have them on . the antifog is nice when using dust masks .
this is avery exact stand for the saw . well made , very exact in its fitting together . if only others would do also .
great product ! ! ! battery life is short if not enough sunlight gets to it . otherwise , it's good ! ! ! it's good lighting til midnight !
very cool - does exactly what it is supposed to do - well , one complaint i got was that it is too accurate !
works excellent for shaping on aluminum projects . the tapered end for blending and the larger end for cutting and shaping .
nice price for an add on item . i don't necessarily like the material because it breaks really easily if you overtighten the screws .
works just fine . we needed another for our driveway gate and was happy to see it came with batteries installed . just set your code and go .
these are a great item , handy , and save me a lot of extra steps by carrying them in my pocket always .
the original chuck started to slip and grind away almost immediately . the new one feel much more secure and durable .
i used this to cut sheet goods to manageable size for my table saw . it is okay , but nothing special .
seems to be heavier than 27lbs but is still compact , heavy duty and easier to pack than other ladders on the market .
works as advertised is a great clamp for straight edge work and the channel down the middle is a very handy addition . i use it for stop blocks
just in case i need this for emergency use . i haven't used this , and hopefully will not need to for a long time .
it's a solid plastic pushstick designed for one job and that's keeping your fingers from getting cut off . it indeed performs that task well .
i use them infrequently but when i do i use them hard all day . they hold their charge for months as well ; unlike the old ni-cad ones .
the beam on this thing is so low you almost need to be able to see in the dark . there are better products on the market .
i bought this to drill holes in a oak cabinet for shelve l brackets where i could not use a normal drill .
good gcfi receptacle ( got 4 ) and the slim design allowed me do fit it in existing boxes along with other switches / receptacles with minimal hassle .
this is a handy set to have around , easy fit in your box and is a good primary or back-up set for when you lose one or two .
i have a golf cart and these tools are a must have if i own a golf cart . they work great good deal for the money .
received these quickly and well packed ! hopefully i never have to use them . bought one for the kitchen and one for the garage !
i had the same product for 15 years and it finally died . i purchased this one and is essentially the same product . very inexpensive
dewalt are the best in the drill business . come in a great case and parts are durable . do not use often but worked great .
you don't need this . dewalt comes with a metal hanger so you can hand your impact driver or drill on your belt .
the kids love the palm tree lights and the green color makes them look cool . just plug it in and enjoy it .
this is a very good quality box , the detailed paint , crafmanship are high . it will last very long time , it is very beautiful too .
put bull nose corners in our house but didn't think about putting up base . saw this little lifesaver and sure enough it works great .
the products is too big for the flash light i am not happy with it i want my money back
a decent low cost rubber hose , much much better than plastic . just stay away y from plastic air hoses.that ' s all .
works well and was a good price . the light is very bright and is easy to use . also feels pretty comfortable .
a 0 " - 1 " micrometer will measure the drill bits - or using a scale or ruler . this gauge is much faster and easier .
good number of different tools , but poor material and starting to rust even with minor exposure to moist or water .
double towel bar . purchased for the girls ' bathroom . good size , fits right . what more can i say ? it works for what i need
photoelectric switch works perfectly for my low pressure sodium security lights ... many thanks ! ! !
i use this on the tree in the front . it looks very nice ! not as bright as i thought it would be but still looks good .
these are basic staples that will fit into a standard staple gun . they are cheap and work well - that really is all you need to know .
the batteries die while being stored within the device , to lengthen battery life . remove when not being used ! !
for out side on brick it doesn't work very well , but inside the house on walls it works well on that
not forever , but they work . well and for a while . themn you get lazy , the tip get rounded , throw them away and replace
i really like this . it's very bright , nice heavy feel , and easy to find in a house without many other yellow things .
this product does not hold up to a small amount of use i am understanding what you pay for is what you get .
i bought one of these for my wife and her clay work , its the only thing that fine tunes the bottoms
many replacement hoses aren't flexible . this one is . unlike many others , this one hangs straight down , out of the way .
good little flashlight to have around the house . i bought a couple of these lights . i keep one in my car aswelll and has worked great ,
while designed for marine applications where the fuel sits for extended periods , i use it to protect my 4kw rv generator when in storage .
much better quality and brighter light than the brand i purchased at walmart . i have already ordered more . i love the auto on / off feature .
luckily i haven't had to use it , but it's a nice decoration for now . definitely worth having in the garage area .
nice n small and handy.in fact it is tiny - love that and that it has a cable clip / lanyard holder attached.wonder how long the batteries will last ?
these are good for small bolts when you dont have much space to work . also they seem to be solid so far .
this tool is a real pleasure to use and is a nice addition to my shop . i've used it on several projects so far and am extremely pleased .
easy to install even for a non handy guy like me . throws enough light for security purposes . takes d batteries , and they are expensive .
it is easy to use works perfectly and looks very good . it is also very portable and sharpens knives very fast .
these blades are much stronger than the dewalt and ridgid blades i have used before . they do not bend easily , and they last a long time .
these are extra wheels for ws 3000 . the extra wheels allow uses of multiple grits to dedicated to a separate wheel .
these are good quality cutters , good price . don't cut really hard metal like galvanized steel or anything - that's how i ruined my last pair :)
it does the job that i needed it for ... not the best i've ever used but very satisfactory and easy to use .
this stuff is very thin . it dries very very quick . holding power is very strong , in about 10 seconds . i would recommend this to anyone .
finally a way to move my unisaw without huffing and puffing while dragging it to a new location . great price too !
good quality . i use the extensions regularly with my impact driver , especially the 1/4 inch . delivered on time . i do recommend these extensions .
cheap and easy way to clear a clogged drain . cleaned it off after using and it is tucked in a cabinet for the next time i need it .
handy to use while in the field . does the job nicely . if the knife gets dull , no problem , this takes care of it quite well .
well worth the price . the locking feature works very well and once all four casters are locked in the router table does not even wiggle .
as beginner in knife sharpening the sharpening guide is a big help . this is a great buy and i recommend it to everyone .
i have this saw and a dewalt miter saw stand , things line up just a little odd . the saw is amazing , now complaints at all .
thankyou i like this glentronics used for my house next time i will buy more for this glentronics and save more money thankyou .
finally gave in and bought a fancy laser measurer and i find myself using it quite a bit . buttons are intuitive and it's easy to use .
i truly like the led puck lights for the convenience of installation and light they give off and don't take much battery power . recommend this item highly .
it does a good job at covering my eyes without getting in the way of my work . well made . fast shipment .
nice enough and work for home use . not heavy duty , but good enough for home use , sorted and held sockets decently .
good price , well built , but uses the standard led and not a cree led . keep looking for a cree led flashlight for the same price .
this face shield is a very top shelf product . i have used it on a few jobs and it has proven to be a quality product
first thing to go was the case , and then the bits they do not stay sharpe long and i'm talking about just using them in pine boards .
it suits our purpose of low light and an easy way to turn it off when the movie is starting . kind of flimsily .
must have item for your leatherman multitool 40 bits to go crazy with . i combined with the bit driver extension too .
i do a lot of woodworking and this is the only brand of paper i use . leaves a very nice finish
i have several fire alarms and like to replace the batteries yearly . this is a nice pack of batteries at a low cost
the energizer max alkaline , size d , 8 pack works well . last long and don't seem to die while in storage .
have not had a chance to use the clamp yet . is made in china for bessey , but seems strong enough . has good holding force .
nice blades and at a resonable price . work well with my bosch reciprocating saw . will be buying more when needed .
i installed 2 lamps yesterday . so far so good . they went on and off as expected . no bugs to speak of .
ive used these pads exclusively & they perform great - the fact theyre made in the us makes buying them a " no-brainer " :-)
the kind of quality you would expect from porter cable . the package enables you to see your available stock and keep them neat and separated .
i work in a 20 acre facility and this meter is in my hand everyday with out fail . quick and handy .
this is perfect . so easy to adjust to the length you need . and holds that position
fit my cheapo toilet with no installation problems . i would recommend this as a replacement for both quality and operation .
so simple , and yet really practical . this is great and i plan on buying a couple more to keep on hand .
stuck the bit kit and the extension rod into one of these . wear with my skeletool cx . great product as expected .
great product . really gives a professional finished look to the vinyl on the house .
i used this on my garage door so i can see into my yard and driveway . this works flawlessly . highly recommend .
these take three aa batteries , the light is a nice bright white , the casing and covering are all plastic but should be durable enough for use .
gives a professional look to our work piece.easy to applyeasy to trimstrong glue ! no regretsby the way ... it is white , not a white'ish band .
i was looking for a hot gun at a descent price and this fit the bill . it does what i needed it for .
these bits are great . they drill and drill and keep on going for a long time . they are great quality as advertised .
i recommend this flashlight it is very compact compared to d-cell maglights and easy to use . thumbs up for the seller .
on timewell packagedhave ordered from others with no plug ... if you are going to plug in . this is the one to order .
no leaks , no problems . others have reported leaking turn valves , but mine does not exhibit this - it's 100 % dry on the pipe .
this is a great battery tester . you can't beat the price . there can be a slight problem positioning the battery .
does just what it should . weighted base could be heavier but it is enough for light jobs . you could easily modify it for your needs .
i use this holder for my flash light at work .. keeps light secure and easy to extract when i need it .
not only are these bulbs saving me money , but they look great ! ! very attractive looking glass-work inside ... i love ' em !
this ring was easy to hang and looks great . coordinates well with other bathroom hardware that had been in place for years .
seems to work quite well . doesn't keep the consumables clean , but makes cleaning them a breeze . hopefully consumables will last longer ...
i like the fact that you can charge one battery at a time and you can also test batteries before charging .
i absolutely had to have these to complete this project . they made things so much easier . good tight fit for connections
very fast and easy to install.works real good , no more drip.has a nice finish that shines up real good .
easy to put an edge on them and they feel comfortable in the hand . there isn't a better chisel for the price .
it's a no brainier just get them ! you will appreciate them when you have a small bit in the standard 2 " ring .
i know that this is supposed to be used for other purposes ... but i trim trees with this . it is super light and easy to use .
inside , outside , you got the world at your fingertips like a ring on something that it snaps on with this set .
i like the holding power of gorilla glue , but caution anyone using it to use it sparingly so it does not ooze out of the glue joint excessively .
it works as advertised . i got and installed it for my mother-in-law . she was alerted to an early morning raccoon she never knew was prowling in allentown !
i had a 3 ft over hang about 2 feet above it plenty of sun light reflecting every where but it wouldn't shut off with the sun up .
nice compressed air manifold . one adjustable output . really seems designed for the job site i mounted to my garage wall , works great
these are kind of cheap , but for the price i guess i knew that before purchasing . they do work okay though , so not a total loss .
good tool , usually i design my yacht models so use a lot of fine tools , i nominate them for a 5 stars
i use these in my 18000 lumen super night flashlight and they last forever ! ! highly recommend for the big bad ass flashlights ..
good cord and everything . they make different lengths too so what ever size you need . probally came from china idk
this bar gives so much more support to the flimsy screen door . it was easy to install and works wonderfully !
i had to sand down the handle a bit and it does have a small check that seems has been filled .
this tool certainly isn't the strongest but surely gets the job done , i am quite pleased and for the money i spent again thoroughly pleased !
this 4 - piece pliers set is a quality product well made and i'm very satisfied with the purchase . i would buy them again .
this is an excellent shower system . easy to install and rich in water flows . i like the massage feature . price reasonably too .
pretty basic hardware but i'm happy with it . no slop or play and feels solid when you pull the door .
installation instructions are hard to follow , but once installed correctly it works great .
little but terrible because it does more jobs that normal tools can . that's all i need for to do the impossible tasks for big tools .
lots of little things like a paper towel holder and a try . really sturdy for as light as it is . would definitely recommend .
it's pro quality , jaws are nice and sharp , no play between the handles ... it's a klein . can't beat it - especially for the price
this filter does exactly what i need it to do remove chorine and foul taste and smell good valve
1 . they do steam up . 2 . they do not fit over my glasseswhat good are they if they make seeing through them a project ?
i used this to cut 8020 - style aluminum extrusions up to 1545 on a mitre saw . worked great , beautifully clean cuts .
does the job . lucas is a good name in this category . can't go wrong with this product . easy to use .
can't beat the performance and quality of this soap dispenser . nice chrome finish , works as it should . easy installation . great deal !
a truly beautiful thing ! adds a li'l class to th ' john . really is finished well and looks great . easy to install even for me !
ok so it may not be name brand , but for this price and what i need , its perfect . it does the job .
i love these little cree led torches so much bought 10 of them and spent less then 1 name brand flashlight .
don't expect to do much more than touch ups . it holds a very small amount of paint . for the price this thing is great quality though .
this switch instantly was recognized by the micasaverde system.highly recommend this product.also , it works perfectly with the ge 45601 remote control .
the bulb is a perfect replacement for the incandescent one that burned out . service is great and i am very pleased .
you likely need one of these if your transformer doesn't have bare terminals . for additional strips per power supply save money by wiring it yourself .
i like the hidden hardware look , it does the job well at a good price , and was easy to install
these are a great replacement to the oem's ! would not hesitate to recommend or buy more . work like a top !
i love the fact that this extension locks onto my bits . it is nicely made and works well . another nice tool in my collection .
no issues here . it's fine . but if it had a set screw in it , then it could be used in reverse for sanding . just sayin ...
i really needed this to go with my cordless matrix units and all my attachments .
these products are a little pricy but these products are worth it . they hold up good , they are a must have
for a cheap knife this one is made very well . bought it to carry in hunting pack so if lost its no financial burden .
this is a pair of locks which both open using the same combination . the locks are heavy and sturdy and perform as expected .
used with the makita mac 5200 and is a quality item . it does not kink and works as expected .
excellent appliance paint . it sprays good out of the can and matches all my white kitchen appliances . drys to touch in a hour
good quality cords . exceeds my expectations . would definitely make this purchase again or recommend to anyone who is interested in this type of product .
great out of the box . my go to when i need to sharpen a kitchen knife or a work knife . works well wtih serrated knives , too .
just about any o-ring you could ever need for ac systems . nice to have on hand if you do any ac work on cars .
this is a great set of bits for anyone needing the smaller guage bits , especially good for use when doing scroll saw patterns , etc .
cheap plastic connector for shower head stripped with first hand attachment of shower head ... had to throw it in the trash without even trying it once .
this is the second one i ordered . hooked up without issue . i think this product offers great value at a very good price .
great for the homegreat for the range , posting targetseasy to useeasy to loadcost greatarrived on time
my husband will not use any brand but makita in his business because of the quality and because they are lightweight .
good . works well , good value , it's just an extension cord . quality cord and plug . good price . satisfied overall . fast shipping .
the leather appears to be good quality and it has a foam lining for insulation . they are made in the u . s .
nice for the price not as much visibility as the metalman but alot cheaper good second helmet backup or for spare .
great product , no unscrewing the endcap for bit change here just twist and drive in seconds . works as listed in the ad .
pleased for the most part , really didn't know what to expect . nice light to carry in your pocket . well made , but not very bright .
the dado set folds up nice and net and is easy to store . it's a great deal with the 8 " saw blade and sander bits .
big fan of led lights and this one wont let you down . very bright light but a warm glow at the same time .
fit in and worked as advertised . we will see how long it lives , but i have 9 replacements in case the life is not that long ... :)
this is a great quality wood marking instrument . it provides a nice sharp thin line for precision marking for wood working .
i really like the capability of this cole chuck . i have used it several times and it works super well .
this is a great hose . it is flexible , light weight and the fittings are good but notfor all sizes of hose connections .
did the trick with both my impact wrench my breaker bar on two water heater anode rod replacement jobs yesterday .
this is a good quality project box . the sides are sturdy and the lid attaches securely . i am very happy .
good packaging and wrapped well . these are made to ansi specs and should be good for a long time.this will fit in my med go bag well .
nothing special gloves - i thought they were truly xl , but for the price , i will stick with the one-size-fits-all at lowes .
great heater . exactly as advertised . i use this heater in my 12 x 20 shed to knock down the chill when i'm doing my winter projects .
i had mixed thoughts on the " pushlock " feature , but it actually works pretty well . lots of dexterity . 3 2 1
the tool works great , the handles do slide off and have to be replaced when using the clamps , other than that they do work .
cheap product , and is not worth the price they are asking for it . also they have sent to me some missing parts .
bulbs are candelabra base but bulb was not shaped as expected . same wattage so they'll work . just not like the bulbs i was buying to replace .
this battery really has some balls . time will tell whether it will last . its still to new to tell about its longevity
very stable base for my son's new dewalt miter saw . not for moving around but for a solid and stable work platform it's first rate .
very impressed with the sensitivity and the response time . lights work for hundreds of hours . i would recommend this to anyone who wants great value .
strong like a rock . excellent and precise tool . looks very durable like all dewalt tools . i recommend it to anyone .
this is the best thing i have done to improve my solder repairs . wish i had known how much this would improve my capabilities .
i admit this little thing works pretty darn good i have not used it to track any electrical wires or anything in a wall
i was hoping to use it with a mitsubishi heat pump but couldn't figure it out so had to return the product .
i returned it because it only accepted 1/4 inch shank router bits . it also didn't fit my router table at the time .
we wanted something unobtrusive and simple . this fit the bill . the horizontal bar that dispenses the soap would ideally be an inch longer .
i like this torch . so far its worked great . however the regular light setting isn't working anymore . the torch still works good . holds decent gas .
sold by : supplylandgot the official aprilaire oem part ; it fit perfectly into the plastic housing on my unit . woot .
quite bright . great purchase for the price . better than many more expensive flashlights . good for use indoor or outdoor . highly recommended .
i am using these on a table saw sled and they work well and seem well built . i expect they will work for quite a while .
had to fix a few computers on the fly and i'm so glad i had this around . i carry it in my edc . everyday .
this tarp is huge and very tough ! i am so glad i bought two of them . i would definitely recommend this to everyone i know .
i originally had trouble getting my garage door opener to cooperate . customer support stayed on the phone with me through the entire process and clicker works perfectly .
this was a christmas gift for my grandson . i think it will be fine and will work just fine . it looked just as advertised .
dose what it was designed to do . i had no choice but to order this in order to operate the led strip i just bought .
easy to put together , and once the all the bolts are tightened it is solid . great addition for my dw788
works great for drain cleaning . handle is stiff enough to push through tight areas but flexible enough to make it around curves .
really nice quality , worked spectacular in conjunction with a torx security bit to remove the maf sensor on my truck , lots of toque but well balanced feel .
installed metal roofing with this kit--excellent quality--total satisfaction . highly recommended . used with bosch impact wrench . does the job . no breaks or stripped tips yet !
it works perfectly . i use it as a second control for a single fan . just set the dip switches to match the other fan control .
this lamp seems to be about the cheapest lamp i have bought . the rotary knob that turns it on and off keeps falling off .
easy to install and easy to use . it was shipped fast . it arrived in great shape.the bike hangs nicely in my garage .
what can you say about a hunk of metal . it prys , can take a beating and does what it says it will do .
it's nice to just push my iron tip in there and give it a twist . you don't get the burning sponge smell or have to keep wetting it .
it's a padlock with a key . not much to say . amazon shipped it fast , works like you would expect .
this is junk . cheap plastic parts . fit is poor and doubtful that they will provide good dust collection . not recommended
love this dewalt hammer drill . it has nice feel and works well . you won't be disappointed with this wonderful drill .
my fridge needed a new filter , and i went to amazon.com and picked this one out . it fit , and replaced my year old one just fine .
forrest blades are fantastic . the blade is sharp and cuts well . i would recommend any forrest blade to a woodworker .
works great . not the brightest light , but better than other similar lights and uses batteries i already had
this was so cheap that i could finally get a second charger to handle lithium batteries , at the price of the chargers for nicd .
i am a homeowner in a remodel project . this unit is very light and comfortable to use . i would buy another just like it .
just be aware that it restricts the flow a bit which made it unusable as a convenient quick release for my 3000 psi pressure washer . otherwise very convenient .
i haven't used it as of yet . it appears to be very good and worth the money . comes with two stones .
really really works well cutting small items with my dremel tool.have used it three times and it remains sharp and still cuts well
it came uncharged and only took 29 min to charge , . it seems to last good and i haven't had to recharge it .
take less than 10 min to install it to replace my 10 + years old honeywell , clear instructions for installation and set up .
i replaced the old leaking valve and wanted to replace the float valve at the same time . it works well .
as good of a mini flash and as brightest as you can find at this level .. a very good price too ..
i got these to punch a hole in carpet for anchoring bolts that would not cause the carpet you run . these worked and are a good price .
this is one of the greatest little saws you will ever use . it will cut any place in any direction and will cut strait or at a curve .
does what it is supposed to , and i hope it will last for my intermittent use . makes me feel more secure when working on my car .
strong magnet for the price , i would definitely recommend . you will have no problem picking up dropped hardware or tools , that are magnetic of course !
nice easy tool to use . hunting for studs can become a pain in the neck , but this simple device does work well .
good buy and easy to use . bought so i could do some crown molding in our home . kreg has some great products .
great to get wall warts out of the way . does exactly what it needs to and does it well . well made and built to last .
bought this for my son to replace one that he lost.would i buy this again ? yes - in fact i already did !
this soldering iron has been invaluable for almost all of my recent electronics projects ; i cannot imagine ever going back to the cheaper irons without temperature control .
this product is perfect . little things like this that make home improvement projects a breeze . don't wait , just buy it . now !
this nailer leaves no hole behind so there is no need to fill any nail holes when your done and holds well .
a nice quality product , exactly as described . we used it with its core remove to make jumper wires when adding 40 double sockets to a building .
nice apron for the price . nothing to get too excited about . it helps keep your clothes clean . it is kinda small if your a big fella .
pc is always a good choice . bought this more moderate priced model for my second home so i wouldn't have to transport tools . does a nice job .
these collets improve the versatility of your dremel by allowing you to use smaller bits and accessories . this set is simply a must have for all dremel owners .
great little nailer it does even leave a hole big enough to filli recomend this nail for anyone doing small molding or projects .
for a very acceptable price , i now have an assortment of drill bits readily available on the workbench . just reach over and grab the one i want .
very well built . have cut numerous laminated boards with no problems whatsoever . good price too ... best i found on the internet .
i am using this as a short lead hose from my air tank to the in-line air / water filter . hose worked as expected , no leaks .
i chose 5 stars because of the timely delivery , ease of installation and the added functionality it added to the saw for use .
this storage unit fulfills my crafting needs . i recommend this to anyone whom needs to store stuff that that is just " grab n ' go " .
been watiing over a month reall nt worth it iwould of been better off just goin to ebaynt good
worth the money , i love it and haven't had problems so far . i have one in my car and one for my bike
nice fit on your waist , easy to put on and take off your belt . it's a great buy , just great .
i get alot further with these discs than sanding by hand . they hang in there . good construction and they last .
price was right . bits like these never last very long anyway but a new bit will always get a few jobs done before throwing away .
awesome tool for the money . this is my fourth one.first one lasted 5 years , other 2 still going strong , all under professional use .
very comfortable and good noise reduction . i got these to wear while using my new planer which puts out alot of decibles .
easy to use , well made . i'm stocking up on several sizes . catch them while on sale and get a good deal .
this company makes the best wood glues that you can buy as far as i'm concerned . there are 3 levels for various degrees of stress / moisture .
i have used the wood blade and like it very much . i got this pack to see how id like the rest of the blades
this is well designed and it works well . if you want to hang a bike from your ceiling , this is a must !
lets me connect my full-sized dust collector to my router for better ( and quieter ) dust collection than using a shop-vac .
you can't beat fenix flashlights . they hold up beautifully and are super bright . i am very happy with this purchase .
nice lamp ! has a nice crisp light and is plenty bright . it is larger than i thought it would be but seems to be well made .
bought this for a personal tool to keep at home in my garage . i have the dewalt version at work this one works as well and is lighter .
this items works well at creating a waterproof seal . used to seal piping and it has held well for a few months now with no issues .
this battery made my 9 year old 18 v tool feel like it was new . really noticeable to have a new battery .
you will have enough left over for your neighbors , good deal & fast shipping.cleaned whole fireplace & added these embers & they look real .
i used these units soldered together in some camping accessory lights , and they worked perfectly without drawing down hardly any power .
this is great to have if you own a letherman but i think their add on products / attachments are a bit price but at least they're readily available .
the buyer gets plenty for the money . it works as intended . i thought it a little coarse for a 400 grit belt .
these are of good quality , and work very well . they can also be mounted on pretty much and round object , such as a gun barrel .
not a bad soldering gun . the angled attachment blistered up immediately though . other tips worked great . not bad ... give it a try .
dip your welding nozzle in this from time to time and slag refuses to accumulate . great for maintenance of the cleanliness of your welding tip .
perfect for electronics , but it is a bit over priced when using the prime sellers . most other tubes have a lot more weight , ie solder .
this hose is not stiff like the plastic ones . no plastic end caps to crack . nice and long so i can wash my pug in the tub .
i needed an economical meter to test my rc batteries . this one works very simple with no fancy fuzz . it even comes with a battery .
keypad is perfect for opening garage doors and gates with out a remote control would recommend this item to anyonewanting to purchase a multi-code opener .
this unit just stopped working altogether about 6 months after we purchased it . normal usage . junk . would not buy coleman brand again .
for the cost you can't go wrong . just tighten them down good . easy way to set the depth on a drill bit .
it is exactly as described and works well to hide anything of value on a book shelf with other books .
these are good blades & work well but if you are also buying the black & decker phs 550b 3.4 amp powered handsaw it comes with these same blades .
like tajima so much after i bought my first one i wanted a different so i could have ( 2 ) colors handy @ all times
very good flashlight . good quality . lots of light . not as bright as some more expensive flashlights , but then again this flashlight doesn't cost that much .
this item is clean , has traditional style and is easy to install . it lives up to every claim made on its behalf .
the title says it all . i use this all the time , even as a regular flashlight when i want the extra brightness .
every one worked great . heavy metal case is a rarity these days . had some plastic ones that did not work as well as these .
if they get 8 hours of dun , they give you 8 hours of light . i would recommend to all my friends and family .
great buy , came in handy after i lost power last week . the little lantern illuminates the entire room and is a great value for the money .
this is one nice set of short metric allen wrench socket set for the price . i highly recommend these to anyone . excellent price .
i got these for my husband and he is really happy with them they grip well and fit his hand well
just a plain old hammer , but the best one i have ever owned . i believe it will last at least one lifetime .
nice value for a 12/3 cord , i love the the end of the cord lights up when plug in and its made in the usa
good tools for everyday shop use . much better than the milwaukee sets that can be purchased at large box home stores .
nice yard gloves . soft , fairly form fitting and rugged . these are the perfect choice for what i got them for .
well constructed and easy to install . the finish looks good and feels like it is of good quality . well put together .
these are easy to take on and off and adjust if you need to and they do seem to help reduce snipe , at least on the outtake side .
this is the best cheap tool i ever bought . it works great and would recommend it to anybody planning moving eavy things .
no cord to drag about . have used it lots and seems to have as much power as my father's corded saw .
i've had these before . yes they are hard to lay flat , but even taping it down beats tripping over the cords .
great construction lets the littlest bit of water through so water stays hot not a complete shut off but for a shower its perfect
i love these attachment it goes nicely with my drillbit collection is the best choice to have will make it easier to use when trying to loosen the bolts
needed an inexpensive light for my computer to see the keys and reading , works great , plus top lamp illuminates the ceiling for excellent non glare tv viewing .
works as advertised , its a clamp . the wire design is better than automotive hose clamps that tear into the hose with those little holes .
i wanted a stand to didn't cost too much and was easy to assemble . this stand is exactly designed for my dewalt table saw
stanly tools might not be professional tools but they are great for home use ! priced well and can get the job done !
really bright and well made . killer deal , just do not point at some one's eyes or you will blind them .
i have used titebond iii for a long time . it is the best wood glue available . i received it quickly and at a good price .
i bought this for use with my de walt scroll saw . its a great tool when doing tedious intricate work .
put this in a higher end rental unit that i own and my tenants love it ! chrome is so timeless and looks great .
very bright little lights . just wish the straps were a tad longer and more supple.really handy for working on computers or as an emergency light .
this held the spark plug in place and pulled it out and in with ease . definitely a tool to have in the box .
perfect product . very durable and at a great price . quick shipping too . im using them for automotive tools and they're really taking a beating ! !
good 1/2 driver for casual use . nice warranty and is very well built , hope it holds up better then my old craftsman 1/2 inch wrench
other than the lack of laser , that i swear it said it had , it's a very good saw ... i'm happy with it .
this is a nice , solid hammer . i like it so far , no issues . i have several tekton products and they all seem like good quality .
just the right assortment of grits most people need for everyday projects around the house . i recommend this sandpaper highly .
rustoleum paint for plastic spray , dark hunter green went on effortlessly and covered evenly with good color . i will definitely purchase again .
it won't scare anyone when it is activated . pay more and get a good one . might be ok to put on a baby crib for entertainment .
i tried to use it on my car trunk but it doesn't stick well , especially in warm temperature . another not so useful junk in my garage .
what can i say , it's made by bosch , the fit and finish is great as always . it does what it is supposed to do .
these are just right and hang nicely - even ordered another set just yesterday so i guess that says something
i got these extensions to have enough space on my surge protector for adaptors . they work well and are quiet strong
this sits in my emergency kit , and it is well built for the price . order w / o worry if you need one .
this hammer drill really performed and it's drill like effortless . i do not have any regret choosing this hammer drill .
love this flashlightwould recommend to everyone , not just the pros . recommend to buy extra batteries that come with the light .
black & decker bdcdmt 120 20 - volt matrix drill i have wanted this drill for some while am glad to have it now love using it
nice weather stripping foam ! easy to use and cut.no real complaints . seals well enough in the summer , don't know about during the winter .
i have shot about 300 of these nails from my hitachi nailer over the past few months with zero failures . highly recommended ! ! !
great pliers for the price . good value , good quality . nice enoughn a tool for any at home , do it yourselfer .
love it . it works great and eazy to setup once you learn the way it works.worth every penny i spent .
now i need to buy a battery & charger so you might as well buy the whole kit & kaboodle at once !
expensive duct tape . works ok but i must admit i do not see the great difference i expected . always good to have around .
sharpens quick and well . love the serrated sharpener . looks a little cheaply made though . not sure how long it will last
got this to fix my storm door . it works the same as the original , brought new life back to the door .
works great , take the water to a bottled or better level . well equipt with the install components
good value for this photocell . easy to wire up , good instructions and best of all it works as advertised . rugged and easy to mount .
this is my second unit which i will use an my second investment property that only has a heater . real simple and clean .
as other reviewers have stated , this tool is essential if your kids have hit / thomas trains ! maybe someday i'll get to use the other three screwdrivers ...
quality tool that has been useful for many projects around the home . it is lightweight and sturd , holds up well to all kinds of projects .
this is the best nozzle gel you will ever buy . it work great and will stay on tip very well
seems all they make are quality products . so sad to not be able to complain . easy to hang and plenty of room .
i'm an auto mechanic , and this works well for seeing down into doors through the window slot , or into cylinders through the spark plug hole .
great match for the grey outlets and switches . match stainless appliances well . great quality . come with nice peel away protective shields to prevent installation scratches .
these worked perfectly to secure the adapters to the flex hose . they were exactly what i expected , and i'll buy them again if needed .
this dado set is 100 times nicer than the couple of other cheap dado sets i own . easy to use and works great .
put your quickchange bits to use . it is small enough to fit into some pretty tight spaces but still sturdy enough to do the job .
needed to control several lights with using the same source outlet and switch . this took care of the problem and needs ..
haven't needed to use it yet , but just standing there it gives great peace of mind , if a fire should ever happen .
this item works well ! it has a strong built to it ! it looks very pleasing to the eyes ! the small water heater works very efficiently as well
this filter is an exact fit for my shop-vac . good build quality . i will be getting many more in the future .
i purchased two of these for my wife and my key ring . absolutely amazed at the like from such a small flashlight . great purchase .
as described . 12 in a pack.clearish , stick well.easy to use . very small as described.got few for furniture edges.recommended.can ' t beat the add on price .
i purchased this saw blade to do some detail trim work in an area above my front door and it worked great .
i slotted 1/2 " mdo with this bit and it left an acceptable clean surface on both side.wear gloves when handling [ at least initially ]; they're surgically sharp .
i needed a small diameter hose to carry.this fits the bill well.nice strain relief on both ends.very well made .
as having a need for lighting in an area where ther is no elec . avail this night light sure is handy
i use my set of tools for driving screws and whole the bits i need are inside , a tough case for protection , very nice
so far so good used on my home renovation project still running like new . works great on finmed gage alluminum , copper , and 2x4 wood
i like this heater . it puts out quite a bit of heat and is adjustable . it was easy to use and appears very safe .
got it with a nice red pouch . it's very light and compact but once installed , looks unbeatable except maybe a door kick-down .
i really like these lights because they work and also you don't have to worry about corrosion like the chrome or gold plated ones .
rates 5 stars and more.pick the leatherman that suits u.leatherman makes great tools , be sure u buy one.keep it handy excellelent !
works well in my office from time to time for connections neededalso works well for around the house and garage
works perfect for using some of my color change led lights in fixtures that require a candelabra bulb . just what i needed .
worked great , program in seconds and a good value , i bought three and they all worked the same thank you
bought to build by adjustable shelves . very convenient and precise drilling . don't have a lot of use for it right now though .
i am using this on the miter track to hold pieces against the fence . i think it should hold up well .
great for storing open caulking and glue tubes , plus have multiple other uses such as keeping dust and dirt out of rifle barrel , etc .
i bought these to carry extra gear in my vehicles . they are well made . i'm expecting them to last longer than i will .
i used this to lay wall and floor tile . both verticle and horizontal lines are straight and true . i'm very happy with the purchase .
just use a few times , cut some copper cable , blade damage little bit , two blades do not slice very well .
these have lasted 3 years in my house , and i haven't replaced a single one yet . hopefully they'll live up to the longetivity claim .
i got these mechanix wear pink camo gloves for my wife and she likes them when doing yard work and chores .
does the job that it advertises , which makes it alright in my book . here are the seven more words to publish this review .
product is great however the little plastic holders for the bits are downright awful at receiving the bits back into the case .
always trying to get the holes to line up and they never do then here is the life made easy tool for you
works great and came quick . what can i say ? it works and was new as could be . i like my hitachi cordless hammer / everything drill .
i do not know why dremel just does not supply this with its tools automatically ... this is one great idea and works like a charm
used this for various little trim jobs . it is simple to use and easy to adjust as necessary . no misfires . best nailer for the money .
as stated before , these are the real thing . get them four at a time with the case and your in !
it does what it says , nothing too great about it though , the phillips head doesnt work very well . the flat head is pretty decent
great product , i can ` t wait to wear all white somewhere an let these out into the sky an watch them go .
very satisfied with this purchase , the case is very durable and securely holds each wrench . i would recommend this item , and would purchase again .
used this on heavy duty bolts to little stripped screwsgood qualityand now i need a few more words
5 stars , works great . much easier to get it to automatically size itself , and won't pinch your fingers . good design .
light to medium duty white extension cord . it has a male connecting device on one end with three prongs sticking out .
sometimes the rivets on the blade end catch on the edge of the item that you are measuring and give you a false reading .
have used this little guy a number of times . so far everything i have used it for seems to be doing fine .
this set gives a variety of great designs for either inlay work or just plain designs . it is a great addition to my letter & number sets .
give me my bosch hammerdrill and this chisel , and i can take off almost anything from the surface of brick or wood or pretty much anything else .
this is a great little set for the dremel craftsman who creates small works of art in wood . i'm pleased to have found and purchased these !
they work well in my pneumatic-nailer . no jams yet - they hold well . i would buy again - highly recommended .
solid , quiet running machine with lots of power . it is well built and has capacity to handle most small shop needs .
tough sockets ... very black ... do not use in dark area shops ... deep deep deep ... that extends reach as well .. these sockets grip for sure
this hat fits well and goes perfect with the welding jacket i ordered . works great to protect your nugget from burns .
these were a little bit of a pain to get into the pocket hole . they rarely fit flush and required some trimming .
this is light weight , blades are very sharp and flexable , and the high visability made it easy to find out of the tool bag .
this is a quality screwdriver set packaged in a quality made tube with shirt pocket clip . really good for the small fixes .
don't know how good it is yet as it for corrosion protection but i don't see why it won't . it fit like the original and easy to install .
these are great when you need a punch just a little longer than the standard set . i was surprised that no case comes with them
i use this on my motorcycles and racing kart . it's perfect for work like that . easy to get in small places and control .
i find i use these often when doing car maintenance under body . great for removing differential plugs and other allen hex bolts.quality is good and no issues .
unit is not free standing and needs to be anchored to wall . the arms are not as adjustable for female or smaller bikes to fully function .
fast shipping . very good quality . as many have said they do run small so you might want to order a size larger than you normally do .
great batteries , they are definitely a good quality and they are long lasting . i would definitely buy them again ... recommended ...
makes changing car batteries a breeze . a must have for the mechanics tool box . makes reaching hard to get at bolts easy .
this is a very useful addition to the home z wave system . one good thing is , it remembers it's address even when unplugged
quality is okay for the product , but the long length may be a hassle in drawers of a smallish tool box .
i have been using a sprite shower head filter for over a year now and they work great to reduce chlorine from the water we use to shower with .
this is a good dewalt drill and light combo set . it was nice to receive two batteries and the light was a nice addition to the set .
worked great on garage door where it was rubbing against the frame . no more squeaks . also worked good on curtain rod .
what can i say about a wire wheel but it removes rust and paint :) good quality from dewalt thanks .
it suppose to be a proper measuring tape but turned out not to be , it gets stuck ever so often that i now refuse to use it .
for the price , it's a must have . nothing like the traditional flashlights , has a great amount of light for the size .
works well but has odd feeling from normal stapler till your used to it . had no problems with it , had heavy use putting insulation in my walls .
the product arrived on time and was exactly as expected . the price was reasonable and the tape is perfect , as always from scotch .
this extension tool is an ideal for your dremel if you want to make some cuts in 90 angles or any other use that you will use it.thanks .
these are very nice snap-off blades compared to other brands i've used . they seem to last longer .
books are just passable and a little high priced for what you get . i was going to return them , but decided to keep them .
since he wanted to make a dust mouth into 38 mm greatly , it used , but it was able to use exactly.it is used in japan .
pros : i like the profile of it . doesn't get in the way.cons : water flows very slow.also the water doesn't taste as well as the brita did .
i bought these to keep in my bug-out bag . they seem to be constructed well , though the fit is a bit tight for an xxl glove .
this is a really nice product - well made - it will do what it is designed to do . fair price - it is what it is .
this adapter is great for putting behind furniture so that the furniture can be moved right up against the adapter without crimping the plugs.it works .
beautiful ! comes with hose connections . worked great right out of box . you do hear it , but i do not consider it loud .
these little nippers are great for work with the effects pedal boards that i modify . it makes cutting down wires to a nub very snappy .
these are overbuilt bits . just like the drill that it should be used in . i love the slide lock case .
great product , neatly puts away my travel wrenches in nice roll . no need to fumble around to find the right tool , unroll and all in order .
nice drill bits , came in a nice case as well . work well .
this light is very effective up to 100 ' or 30 m , wildlife does not seem to be wary of it and their eyes light up well .
works good lasts long time no problems and is very easy to use i recommend it to anyone who needs a magnetic pick up tool
works nicely but the bottom cover that holds in the batteries keeps falling off . not sure if it's a defect in mine .
i order one product after 2 days than it stop working i have to buy from duane reade for like 2 weeks until i bought an other one
works prefect so far , was worried about the polish brass finish but its still like new after months of use .
finally working glasses that don't fog up on you . comfort is very important tome and being able to see what your working on does help .
they light up and my girlfriend hasn't complained . that's worth 4 stars ; 2 for each . don't tell her .
not much to say other than it works , the color is not the same as the picture but for doing small solder work it should come in handy
nice tiny allen set . just as described . 5/64- 0.28 in . they seem to be a very good quality and made in germany .
well built . good space between outlets . i am using this in an overhead location in my garage , so the angled plugs help cords stay plugged in .
this anode is suppose to not make your water stink . it works . i ordered it for brother in law and his stinky water went away .
i don't believe it is 300 lumens because my protac 2l is 180lumens and a bit brighter . this light will blind onlookers though .
used this wheel on my 4.5 inch grinder to cut custom shaped landscaping brick . dusty process but cut well . word
if you are buying this to replace an old hard-wired smoke detector , it's a good buy . took about three minutes to install . have no complaints .
they work great and last at a good price . good quality work as they are suppose to . if i need more i will buy from them
so far i'm happy with these bulbs . i haven't had them long enough to comment on longevity , but i got what i expected .
this is the one . buy it now and know that it will out live you and everyone who borrows it .
design looks feasible , but in practice it was useless on too separate fasteners . may work is you only have very soft metal .
one of the coolest stuff i bought , put it in my lamp now can control lighting to the mood .
perfect for compression bnc ends . much better then the inline one i was using prior . i liked it so much that i bought a second one .
short enough to fit in my tool bag . great for homeowners tool set . professionals may need to use the longer levels .
the sockets aren't really all that impressive to look at but they work fine , are built well and are pretty tough to beat for the price
love this battery pack . it was a gift for my father as i already have one . it is light and lasts a long time .
i recevied item in great condition . these came in very handy . these are made well and at a great price .
this ' six-pack ' will handle most small screw chores easily ; well constructed ( no surprise ) stanley product , packaged in a really nice storage / carry-case .
good price , quick delivery - solid brass construction - easy to use , making quick connection with water hose simply and easy , and fast - highly recommended
the only draw back is this ain't your ordinary screwdriver , it weighs a ton and it's a 2 hand'er to use .
good light weight lab coat for general surface protection of clothing . takes splatters and splashes well but will not protect from a soaking .
heavy duty set . good quality and selection of sizes for many of your needs . add standard set and you are ready to go .
really bright . i keep one in the car just in case . i wish i could find one headlight that worked like this and at this price level .
bought to replace old unit whit spring thermostat that was unreliable . installed easily with in minutes and keeps the house at the exact temp we set .
great pricing for a small remote led dimmer . it seems to be well built . i hope it lasts . no complaints so far .
that's about it . i took off a star because of the price . at least amazon doesn't gouge you like b & d does !
this bulb works great on one of our light fixture . turns on fast enough lighting that equals candle light bulb it replaced !
i was quite impressed with this tool . plenty of ratcheting teeth , sturdy and built well . i use it all the time .
this is the first time i have tried store bought scrapers , i usually make them myself.the quality is good
i have an engine heater , so use this in the winter to keep the snow from shorting out the power . works fine .
identical to the other 20 a breakers in the breaker box . fits like it should and seems to work . perfect for 12-2 romex .
this tape is a nice size and is very smooth working . the button is great for retracting at an easy rate .
these batteries do not last as long as the orginal ones that came with the flashlight . would not recommend to buy name brands .
i use this for an outside fountain i don't want running 24/7 . works really good .
good quality and nice holder . work well and seem like they will last would recommend to others for purchase and use
quite simply , i needed a quick way to switch my arcade cabinet on / off without having to plug / unplug the surge protector . this item is perfect
have at least 6 in my tools . best quality . easy to change blades and stores a few in the housing . lenox rules !
this is a great little gadget.it works extremely well at scraping off just about everything . it is flexible and helps in not gouging out your work .
bought 2 - 10 foot thresholds for my garage doors . i definitely think they were worth the money . would buy more if i needed more .
magic little devise it works as it should , just make sure you epoxy the magnets to its base cause mine were being left stuck to my sawblades !
pricey blade , but one blade cut all the siding for my 60ft x 32ft , 2 story house and stayed " sharp " . good investment !
any thing by milwaukee is going to be top notch . these work great with my milwaukee routers . nice case also .
this is a fantastic locking cable . i don't have to worry about the trail cam going anywhere when attached to my tree out front .
unpacked them , plugged the batteries into the charger and then plugged in an outlet and in a few hours they were fully charged .
works like it's suppose to with a long battery life to boot ... haven't tried hitting anything with it so i'm not sure how tough it is .
the good stuff . of course it's 3m . no cheepo stuff here . i might try the cheep stuff sometime , but these babies work .
super inexpensive and very handy . have been using and it works fine . i suggest you buy it and not worry .
this tool is a professionals delight . it also has a case to carry it from job to shop and back again .
nice accurate light ! i have tried numerous bulbs including some led styles and these bulbs are a better bang for the buck . i highly recommend .
these stops made my job a lot easier when cutting crown molding . saved a lot time and money . this is a must have when cutting crown molding .
i use these everyday and won't leave home without them in my truck . excellent carry case with a handle and well organized .
this gave me spare batteries for two lights that i have . they charge well and last a long time . no problems .
i had to give my son my leatherman i bought back in 96 and upgraded to this one . best thing i ever done with a mutli-tool .
this cable has many uses but i commonly use it for my tree cam lock box . easy to use and securely locks up what i need .
ordered this as part of my tv wall mount project . plug arrived in good packaging and included all necessary screws and faceplate.good looking receptacle too .
this came handy.lots of choice + practical little storage box . i do not know if it's a steal , but it does the job !
great organizational product . all metal pieces and parts . easy to set up and attach the tools / sockets . will recommend to others
awesome bits . power right through anything they pretty much come across . very worth the price you get what you pay for w / tools .
magnet detects the stud nails , simple fool proof way that doesn't require batteries and you can just toss this in the toolbox
i use them every day and they are great . the longer handles make my job easier and the ball ends make angles doable .
i was surprised at how easily this was able to punch through my metal walls , especially considering it probably costs less than the staples themselves .
buy 5 , and give 3 away to good friends as gifts , and enjoy ! better than others that cost more.they will think you paid more ...
for most people buying this they know what they are getting , as listed , no suprises here . ammonia caps that will get you ready for what you need
simple and quick to program . you must have a learn button , any color will do . will not work for " dip " switch models . nice .
i installed this pump on a deumidifier . now i don't have to empty the humidifier tank . the pump works great .
this is a good buy at regular price so here it is an even better deal and it works great ! !
powerful recharagable flashlight complete with battery and charger . small , yet powerful cree led based . it's also fully dimable to extend battery life .
product was needed to expand user's on a parking garage , used this with the 888lm and everything works great , very easy to setup and install .
good tools , works well and does not cost an arm and a leg.comfortable grip and just right size and weight for my use .
looks great , protects the tool-kind of a bear to put on but it fits nice and tight . def worth it for the expensive tool its protecting .
this is lightweight . it sharpens knives and serrated blades . it works great for backpacking . i use it in the troop .
great nailer . for the price it cannot be touched . i would certainly buy another . shoots 2 " brads into hardwood with ease and works smoothly .
great price and super easy drilling with worm tip ! will buy again when these wear out !
a really great level that seems very accurate thus far . perfect addition to any tool kit . i am very happy with this purchase .
i love this set and have a couple of others by the same company . never disappoints , works great !
well built machine and power i'm glad i decided to get this one now i can get things trimmed around the house
a strudy built tool that if used propurly will last a lot longer that the average tool . the bit selection adds to the versitility of the tool .
i really like these . they come 4 in a pack , with 2 keys , all keyed alike . i purchased 2 sets , each set keyed differently .
purchase to replace ones that i broke on a friend . so far so good . they have held up and replace all that he had and more .
they appear well built and they work good , so i don't know what else to say . i'll probaby will be buying more in the future .
just an addition to my son-in-law tools , he is thrilled and is anxious to be able to use this in his job .
lights were exactly as advertised and work like a charm . i use them in a work light and they get quite a bit of use .
well made , fits well , and adjusts easily . i like that it is made with kevlar . pockets are convenient . very happy .
tape works well and does not kink . stiffer wire tape than i have used before really helped on long runs .
decent for the price . it feels slightly wobbly , but seems sturdy enough for occasional use . it is fairly lightweight and convenient .
this product does not hold the paper towel tightly and bends too easily . i would not recommend or buy again .
it does exactly what it is supposed to do ! i ordered the pads also to keep from marring the edges to badly .
got these for my mouse whose feet were getting a little worn out ! i layered about 3 strips each and voila ! it was better than new !
looked well made and did the job that i purchased them for very well chrome looks like it will hold up but of course time will tell and usage .
i couldn't get them to dim . perhaps you need a special dimmer . if so i didn't find one that would screw into a fixture .
i have used this pump now over 2 years and it is still going strong . i use it several times a week .
this little light is built well and is bright enough for typical household use . nice clip for holding on to shirt pocket .
this little alarm and light show brings alot of attention to the area that is covered with security lights the the voice alerts everyone
i bought this item to split out my generator outlets . if you need one get it . check your outlet turn first . sw
this reducer was easy to attach to my flexible hoses , and fit my need perfectly .. a good buy for the price .
it works very well and heavy solid tool . i have several of tekton tools and very satisfy . the price is just right for me .
i recently bought a mini mill and have been taking my metalworking to the next level . these squares are solidly made and very useful .
i like this lock for the gym . i hated having to carry keys with me . this was simple to change the code too .
of three hand saws i've bought over the years for woodworking projects , this is the best by far for precise cuts and ease of use .
these liners are super thin which is fine for throwing away . i don't like that they put stickers in the top one which makes it unusable .
excellent quality . us made , so that's a bonus . used to connect an onboard air compressor to a remote coupler on rv . does the job well .
its a very powerless tool and its designed for very small jobs witch it limits the jobs that we can do with it
i purchased this to hold the makita cut saw and related blades . makita makes a quality tool , this helps me stay organized .
quick delivery . keep a spare so it is always there when you need it . better price than the local hardware .
this is pretty much what you expect from a needle file set . standard size and shapes . sharp teeth , minimal hassle
the stone arrives with a big chunk broken . it works fine to sharpen but i wasnt very happy about receiving a broken product .
these were the highest reviewed drill set within reason - not disappointed . sharp , durable , complete . highly recommended .
fast shipping , good quality , very functional , compact for tight spaces , large choice of gauge sizes . i would buy them again .
i use these to enter the cone of silence and block out the conversations and work-inspired rantings of my co-workers . the earmuffs work well and i recommend them .
exactly as advertised .. great assortment and a great assortment to have in your workshop . i do small repairs and these set are a must to have .
for your jessem table , or whoever's they fit , these are necessary to keep your work stable . period . all you need to know .
the porter cable name stands for quality and dependability . i am happy with the saw . it came quickly . i highly recommend the saw .
not a whole lot to say about this , it does what it is designed for . fits properly , easy to change lenses . arrived quickly ...
xuron 496 split ring ring plier works fine that i use it once a while when i need it anytime .
it emits so little light that it's not worth anything ! ! well , maybe a nickel ... don't plan on using it during a power failure ! !
i have had them three months . they look good and work great . good quality and go well with amerock bp53010 - g10 metal finish cup pull .
i use these blocks for aligning walls on model structures . they are also great weights . they work like a champ !
i use this to control my garage door remotely from my phone . haven't had any problems since i bought it .
the sharpener is amazing , best i ever known existence , thus i must order more of these replacement in the future uses .
it was a great price . the compact size is perfect for small jobs around the house . it's also not too heavy and good for small female hands .
fits my ridgid 10 inch contractor table saw . easy to read dial indicator . fits well into the miter track , love it
these are the same blades as the milwaukee blades with different color paint . these are cheaper , so i buy these instead .
i bought this to cover up our patio set for the winter and it was beyond big enough and seems to holding up well so far .
3/8 " drive socket works great . it's an import like others have stated but it's for loosening a plastic housing , and it's cheap .
received gearwrench not kd toolsthey look like the picture.they have the number gw3703dmade in taiwani am going to assume they are the same thing as kd tools
i purchased this light for my little brother . it is bright for such a small light . great for on the go .
it works fine ; cheap cheap ! ! but it does the job.nice for ringing out new cables ; getting a second one for a friend .
i works great but must be place in the sun i did not realize how hard it is to find place this would work .
i got this through the vine program ... my husband was able to install it easily ... it looks beautiful and works well ... i feel happy and blessed
pros : best tape out there ! gorilla makes the best adhesive products in my opinion.pros : thicksuper sticky ! durabletoughwidecons : none
best buy and the durability of these batteries is a plus . my husband will not use anything else with his cordless tools .
solder iron was packaged in what i can only describe resembled a sandwich ziplock bag , come on , how cheap ! smoked both times i turned it on !
ii keep this in my tool box with my cordless drill and screw driver . it is very handy to have when needed .
i have used these on almost every one of my electronics projects ; they are strong , sturdy , and comfortable to hold .
i have another brand infrared therm . but the kintrex is the better unit . not as expensive as dewalt and other large name brands but really good .
if you need a replacement pad for your porter cable random orbit sander buy it , you can't beat the price .
this is a tried and true design that only got better with the addition of the new grips .
nothing fancy here ... works as its supposed to.if your looking for network cable tester on the cheap , this is a good unit .
nothing out of the ordinary , just a good deal . use them for multiple tasks - glue spreading , flux spreading , etc .
good quality and versitile to have around feels good in your hand and would purchase again , glad i have it .
this simple product lets you use conventional drill bits in your impact driver . it's inexpensive , sturdily constructed , and does the job . highly recommended !
i got tired of using the standard spray cans and went with this . easy to clean and works very well .
no complaints , fit well and the tint of the lenses is just right . i even wear these driving , lol . highly recommend ! ! !
these are really well built and worth more than they are selling for . i am very happy with them and am glad i bought them .
the designers and builders have delivered yet another wonderful tool in it's design and functionality . well balanced . love working with it . happy i made the investment .
so far so good . didn't try with longer brads than 1 inch but 1 " is driving very good . no jams so far .
the part was good and work just like the other z-wave products in the house . this is a little pricey but they look nice in the house .
great set for the average user . case is dandy and does no fall apart and the bits are held securely .
i use every day and i put this rating because is nice and i like it , everybody like mechanic job this tools help
havent used it yet but looks to be of very good craftsmanship . nice and solid . believe is a very good product .
worked great for the roofing jobs i needed it for . still looks new and functions perfectly .
this product is good for lights under porch where dawn to dusk light sensor won't work . it works fine except the clock goes a little bit faster .
i use these in my bostitch nailer . they fit the gun and i had no misfires . will purchase them again .
had to replace an old one and this one is much better . more sensitive to the light , which saves on electricity .
i wasn't disappointed with this purchase . much better quality than i expected and i would recommend it to a friend .
what can you say about plugs they work and can be painted or left as is . hardly noticeable , fill hole great
don't expect a made in germany product at this price . that said the knife is still an excellent deal
got this for my brother-in-law - also bought a leatherman tool to put it into . he loved it ! ! great purchase !
this accessory has served me well and been very useful . it appears to be quality made and i will recommend it .
excellent cutting blades for the genesis oscillating tool . these blades will cut through metal or wood . very sharp and gets the job done .
well constructed , works as described . this light is highly recommended the color is black and blends with the evening hours
just what you need for angled nailers fits lots of different angle finish nailers porter cable , hitachi , senco , and more this is the nails ! ! !
perfect fit , works great ! ! ! makes it very easy to move and use my dw744 . would by a second for my mitre saw !
the item is as described it look and feels quality . i'm using them with my 8000lm flash light and boy it flashes .
finally an impact driver that has power that you can completely control and power and torque . it's strong and smooth .
i like it , so much my wife made me buy her one . i like it , she like it , we like it .
does the job . does what it says . leaves no room for wiggle . keeps anyone with keys from getting in based on design .
these screws work great with my kreg jig , just have to get used to how the product works as a whole .
works great , is a mid-sized hobby vise . mount to table or mount to the optional panavise 312 tray base mount .
this tool case is soft on everything protection and organization of those precise tools and accessories you need to carry on the job .
should of stayed home and bought didnt read discription on shipping cost way more with the shipping cost .
bought to replace a dimmer for overhead can light led bulbs ( the kind that are $ 40 a bulb ) . works great - - no more flickering .
this is a great item . works perfectly on the outlet behind my sofa . i don't need to worry about the plugs being bent whenever the sofa moves .
great lights , very bright , takes 3 d batteries , easy to set up , extremely durable , only turns on in the dark .
this is a nice quiet pump that is workingperfectly for me . along with the olderpump , also still working , shurflo makesgreat pumps .
i purchased these because i like the way they look . ok i am just a man , i can't help myself .
i keep this in my jeep . it gets used all of the time and is very convenient as for size and rechargeable .
last longer and stronger than 18v . especially useful in circular saw performance , wet pressure treated woods now can be cut
i got these to rethread a hole left after drilling out a seized screw . they worked well for this task , so i wwould certainly recommend them .
yep ... it's a heat gun . great for heating things or drying your hair . decent quality for the dirt cheap price .
seems like a pretty good impact driver set for the price , and the carry case it comes with is nice too .
typical leatherman quality . i use it almost every day and have the confidence in the company that if it breaks , they will replace it .
i had to purchase multiple trauma shears for our fire department . i purchased a dozen pair . these shears are just right for our need .
this set of pliers is awesome great price and heavy duty pliers . i like that theres one for every project .
ergonomics are great . the loading feature for the knife blade is a very nice feature ! definitely my favorite utility knife !
well worth the money if you cutting full sheets of plywood ... saved me a lot of re-sawing ... great product !
a nice variety of push blocks for every conceivable need . good selection for the price . would buy the set again .
good price good quality and works great with my orbital sander . i couldn't believe the price for 50 disc and work great .
yes , very expensive , but very good for automotive work . i wish i had one of these years ago.get the eneloop rechargeable batteries .
these blades work well , the only thing is the 2 large , rough cut blades are no worth getting . they spiintter the wood that you are cutting .
these lights were very dim and i had to return them . the light they produced was not very bright in my closet .
these glasses for the price are great . they have lasted the 30 day test and are still doing the job .
this hole saw kit is much better than i expected . the kit has more sizes than i thought and they are made of a heavy duty metal .
you get what you pay for . this does not do anything well . it is cheap and tries to do too many things .
makes fabulous button holes , and offset washers for mini-projects , finding more uses every day with my jewelry drill press will last quite a while .
makes hanger installation faster and easier . only thing is that the gun doesn't like the cold
this repair tool kit has every tool needed for my iphone . i also have been using it on my computer . even my eye glasses have benefited .
started going off intermittently after two years . cleaned , vacuumed , used pressurized air , but nothing worked , so had to be replaced .
don't be afraid to purchase this razor cut saw , it's cuts wook like botter whith any effort , the cuts are perfetly clean and smoth
bought this light for checking motel rooms for cleanliness , very bright and gives me a little peace of mind before unpacking
its hard to rate a lightbulb , it burned and seemed to just a standard bulb , i bought them due to the good price
works smooth and easy . we had a different one & my wife couldn't turn it . this one works much better !
great deal same product only you have to trim out but for a little effort i have enough filters for the year at about a fourth of the cost .
this is a pretty good adapter set . it seems well constructed and sturdy . no slipping .
got with the brass set so have a complete set of accurate , strong , and well machined punches . well worth the extra bucks .
i can see again my halogen bulb burnt out . this was fairly priced alternative to the origially and i can see again
i've never had a bad milton part or fitting . this is a no brainer vs the cheap junk . buy it .
bought several to save money and have ready for succeeding winters . fit well into my humidifier and work well too .
the biscuits fit the slots and hold wood together well . that is neither extraordinary nor unsatisfactory - the product performs as expected .
i was expecting a higher quality plastic unit . it is lightweight , but it doesn't feel like quality at all . i went back to my other goggles .
good tool , good value , good functionality , good fit and finish . it is better than i anticipated . what else can i say ?
this is a great add-on to my socket set for impact wrenches . the set provides useful extensions to accommodate different sizes of sockets .
my old detector wore out and i bought this one to replace it , seems to be well made and is doing the job
brand new and works great . a good low cost drill press for my shop . at this price you can't go wrong .
makes stripping insulation off wires a breeze ! got rid of the stop so i can adjust how much i strip off manually .
this is a nice alternative when you can't have a screen door . i would probably buy another one if i needed to .
i got this to get into space where the larger bahco scraper wouldn't fit . it does a great job for me .
installed like a breeze on my ridgid 14 " band saw . the fence aligns on both sides accurately . locks well ; there is no creep .
have purchased several and will undoubtedly purchase more . this is an excellent product and a very good value . price offered by amazon is below the competition .
i've not used them yet but they look and feel top quality i hope they last as long for my diy work .
it's a neat tool , however it's too small to be useful .. for example , you won't be able to replace a showerhead with it .
very good idea that will save using so many extension cords , also has protection covers to place into sockets not used . highly recommend .
it works fine with my saw . i tried the 18 tooth and not yet with the 24 tooth , i think it is going to be fine .
bag holds all of my tools . it is made well . is great for rescue the neighbor calls . makes transport much easier .
very powerful will strip screws if not careful but it works great for me and my guys i would buy this again
i use this to break down sheet goods in my shop . using this straight edge reduces waste ... cabinet grade plywood ain't cheap :-)
nice stapler gun , works great on just about everything . i used it to put up my fence boards , went up quick and fast .
mainly use this on my glass stove top . long handle makes it a much easier task . great product and highly recommend .
they are very well put together and are heavy duty . hold down as they are supposed to , got in very good time .
cost next to nothing , looks incredible , has an adjustable beam which is really nice , runs on a single aa battery - - terrific flashlight !
towel ring arrived unscratched , and is sturdy once properly attached to the wall . has a pleasant appearance , and is just as pictured .
i use this to to polish me knifes edge to where i can use a strop to get that mirror finish .
this thing just works , i get at least 3-5 times longer use out of my sanding belts . wouldn't be without one .
lighting ever adjustable focus cree led flashlight , super bright , 3 ... thank you . with 3 aaa , the light is too light . perfect one .
this is my third one that i purchased as they work well and i use them in two different homes.very easy to use and so far totally reliable .
nice light . as with other reviews it doesn't come with the clip as advertised . otherwise would have given 5 stars .
i bought this to dry the wash cloths in the bathroom . it isn't wide enough , and would cost too much to return .
when i first got it i thought there is no way something so little could give off so much light but it did .
i have to admit i do not have a problem with klein tools . a little pricey , but not cheap made use it once and toss it tool .
i got this for my husband and he's issued one in the army and this one he says is much better and he loves . money well spent .
high quality . less then 1/2 the weight of solid steel pipe wrenches , yet will last just as long . an outstanding buy .
perfect fit , good value and provides the extra protection and filtration for the house . the price is completive and with a box of six i have replacements .
i'm a mirka fan and have been for a long time . this is my go-to brand and amazon makes it easy .
looks brighter on pictures but is is quite dark , i will try different wattage for more brightness . works well though .
the wall plates were a heavier gauge than the big box stores and the price was fabulous in expensive . that's it /
they could be improved by a memory so the info was preserved after a power outage . otherwise , this is good for understanding your usage .
these are nice bolt cutters for anyone who needs cutters for occasional use . i would not recommend these cutters for any type of professional work .
i'm using this on 6 ecosmart led can lights , works very well , no humming , and the gradual on / off function looks really cool .
a little early to get any feed back yet . they were rated the best , so we will see how they perform for the next few months .
an excellent tool . plenty of power ! ! i really enjoy woodworking and i can't say enough about this router combo set .
i have barely used these yet , but so far everything is going well . i needed bradpoints , and these fit the bill
these inserts fit perfectly into my r4512 ts ! definitely worth the money ... these things should last a while . highly recommended to anyone .
nice small compact but bright flashlight to keep in your car or truck . keep extra batteries in the car so you dont run out .
i like the product and haven't have a chance to use it yet , however it does look quality and have a decent price .
i chose for his magnificent presentation good price and the material that is made , and adjusted to my router craftsman
i suck at sharpening knives so this little buggerwas just the ticket . made with gerber quality as well.buy it , you'll be glad you did !
i think for the price this is a good led light . i have many led lights and it's better than most . i would recommend it to anyone .
comes with a couple tiny cables and a cloth case . nice quality . i highly recommend getting one if you need to test ethernet cables .
there are two best rated manufacturers of router bits . whiteside is one of them . these are great quality . absolutely great .
easy to use but , edge tape has been craked at middle position.cutting condition is not so good.very sad for this products .
i have used this strap for over two years and it still works great . bessey has always made great wood working tools .
i have used these for a lot of handy work , not the best quality but very useful , absolutely not the worse , but reasonable price .
hope i never need to find out id it really works . install was very easy . very fair price . better than first alert .
it's so easy and simple and gets you great results - straight and square . thank you kreg for another great product .
eliminated the vibration from the cheap chinese belt . a snap to size and install . well worth the expense and the extra links are saved for possible repair .
keeps my cuts straight easy to install i deff recommend it if you want that great straight cut ! buy it now worth the money ! !
this is a very nice bright flashlight . i like the zoom from spotlight to flood . this is brighter than my 5 cell mag light .
i ordered these for myself because i needed them for a piece of equipment and they worked great i would recommend them
replacement for another brand that fell apart after years of use . this seems to have a better handle plus is has a hole so it can be hung .
can't say enough good things about this light ! well made with top quality materials . functional and very bright ! try one !
no problems so far . a little big . make sure your batteries have not been recalled by milwaukee .
even with the made in china label . tough , perfect for mild use and great for the money.definitely an economical collection
this is a good in handy tool to give for those who like to tinker . it makes a perfect christmas present or a present for any time .
decent price for a decent product . we longer use these so we gave them away as we changed out our system . seemed to do the job well .
i bought this for my bug out kit . looks good , fits in hand well . hope i dont need to use these .
nice solid feel - works well . if i bonk myself on the head with it perhaps i'll think of something more to say .
what can i say about a tool belt , but it holds your tools nicely ! it is made nice too , all leather . good price !
they are 80 each at homedepot , i saved alot . they are new retail packaging and work like expected . good buy
so far so good . the gun looked new when i go it . i put up a fence and it worked the way it should . good little gun
okay , maybe it isn't a life-saver , but it is sure more convenient and sanitary than holding things in your mouth .
its a great hammer drill for the money . i've used it in my basement remodel project and it has always been great
love the flexibility of nova chucks with all the jaw selection and the adoptability to any spindle thread makes these chucks an investment not a purchase .
works very well . charges the battery much faster than the charger that came with the original units . pleased with purchase .
very usefull and used on every wood working task . i like that the marking are engraved and never come off and are easier to read .
works with the main unit effortlessly to add that second door ( main unit allows a separate ringtone ) . no worries , mate .
yup . they're light bulbs . came in tact and work . got a lot of them cheap and would buy them again
good little tool and comes in handy with my impact driver when i need to drill and don't have a quick connect .
works well .. i use it to cover firewood .. has been holding up fine for over a year ..
filter was the correct size and looks and works fine . i haven't noticed any difference in the function of the furnace or ac , for better or worse .
this is so nice and very handy to have it . it will come in handy a lots for what i need .
aa batteries . need i say more . well constructed , good light . high and low button . holster and lanyard included . nice color .
should charge batterieskinda heavyantenna should fold overthe big knob is the volume and the tuner which is kinda weird would be better seperate
i got this quick in the mail.its a good tool for the price . i use it everyday since i work in the shop .
i chose it because i read that is of good quality , and because a once installed and connected with the gum expands well doing a good assembly .
these bungees are a great value . they are strong and do the job exactly the way they are suppose to do .
they work as advertised . i wondered how long the 4 batteries that were required would last . answer - still going after 9 months .
i used this product as a meter and timer . it lasted three weeks and then stopped working . it is not a well-manufactured product .
great battery tester for the money ! would definitely buy again . the package is a little flimsy , but the tester is solid enough .
bought this for the in-laws . they love it . tell me about it all the time . gonna order one for us and a few christmas gifts .
the wrench holder works well . due to the size , it would best be used in a shop . i would recommend it .
batteries arrived apparently dead , would not work . no date of manufacture or expiration date on the packaging or batteries . i would not buy this brand again .
great little lght bought two gave one to each of my daughters and they have taken the abuse pretty well .
it seems well made . the material is sturdy . it functions well . nothing high tech - - solid old pattern that has stood the test of time .
it seems like motion detection sensitivity has quite a lot of temperature dependency . higher sensitivity at lower temperature i guess .
great price , does what is is supposed to without any issues . . .. it's an extension cord , what else is there to know ?
these are a perfect replacement for the belts that come in the kit . i only needed a couple of belts but buying this kit represents the best value .
nice star tool to have around for those few and far between times you need to take one of those darn star headed screws out
a must for rt angle attachment , i could not life with out it , does the job , definitely recommended if you do much kreg joining .
this is a good gloves for the garden but not for roses . not water proof but it does what i do for work .
this saw is so convenient and the portability aspect is very helpful . i love the quick blade changing feature and i would purchase this saw again .
works great on small engine carburetors , used to clean deposits out of the smallest jets and passages . good value for the price .
this drill gets the job done . great for driving tough screws , and it is relatively light weight . it has good clutch adjustment range .
not much to say except that these are well priced and do exactly what they are supposed to do . good buy .
use this to crimp connections to my 0 gauge car amplifier power and ground wires , i also used it on 2 gauge and it works like a dream
this is a quality light . the amount of light it puts out is similar to a traditional nightlight bulb .
i have this product in my vw camper van.they are running with the use of an 12v inverterits way cool ! light show in my van .
i have tried these and they are nothing special . no advantage over a spade bit was seen .
if you're doing any kind of old paint or putty scraping with tight spots or narrow channels or corners , just get this tool .
i don't know how they make any money , because these cords are about half what they cost at lowes or home depot .
these glasses feel like sunglasses instead of safety glasses . i highly recommend them for anyone in the construction trades . they are very light weight and comfortable .
bought it for night riding on bike but my son has taken it from me to play with . still going strong and haven't needed to replace batteries
the trusted name and battery-operation were the reasons for our purchase . mount low to the floor for co detection since co is heavier than air .
works great and does what it's made to do . i would highly recommend to friends and family . a + all the way .
i've had it installed for over a month . it looks great . works every time . easy to install .
purchased two of these vent covers for my 5th wheel . they were very easy to install and seem to be built sturdy .
they looked better online then in person after a month they broke / he was like you get what you pay for
i got this to go with my new toto drake toilet . the color matches it perfectly . so far so good .
actually they work quite well , but they don't last as long as a 4th of july sparkler , they disintegrate in about five minutes of use .
this is a good , sturdy set of dewalt screw drivers . the set includes flathead and phillips head screwdrivers . just as described .
these bits have drilled so many holes i wouldn't even try to guess a count . nice set for normal plastic anchors or lags and other holes .
other manufacturers of cree led flashlights are undependable since i purchased 5 and two didn't work . the securitying 7w 300lm mini cree led have all worked .
theyre very durable , easy install , and thed look great . they go along with my setup very well with good range .
i needed it to lubricate a vinyl window . it works great , and it doesn't have the residue of other products .
great tool for watch repair , threading needles , soldering and anything that requires magnification . i use this lighted headset all the time .
i am well pleased with the saw . it seems to be well constructed and has plenty of zip for cutting metal .
this magnet holds tight . i built a secret room that i get into very often and these magnets hold tight every time .
with other brands , i've read of complaints of the zipper not staying up.zipper stays up just fine on this model.it seems of reasonable quality .
these things grip tight , hold securely , and release easily . would definitely recommend them for anyone looking for light to light-heavy clamping .
these tapes are excellent when working on trailers or sea containers . a must have if you work on any of these .
after routing out the door to seat the hinge this is a required tool if you are using square hinges .
i am disappointed that his came with no way to get electricity to the lights . i have to buy an expensive power supply to make this work .
these spacer blocks are a good way to expand any kreg pocket hole jig . makes it easy to work w / different sizes ( thickness ) of wood .
very useful and good quality . fits well and the pockets are in the right places . i might buy another soon .
i used several coats of this product to patch a ding in a new enamel-on-steel tub . the patch is almost unnoticeable . a great product .
this nail set is a bit expensive but it does make setting those flooring nails easier . it seems to be made well and is quite heavy duty .
easy to set up and break down - we use them to display large crystals at trade shows - very sturdy and holds a ton of stuff !
it works great ! the oiler is a nice feature , it's a little haul to fill but is still a great deal !
i really like the way this is made . i helps if you want to plug something else in beside of it .
the gripper is a great workshop aid . i now use it for almost all ripping on the table saw . would buy again and highly recommend .
wish they made this stuff to hold my dentures in . easy to apply , dries quickly , and it just doesn't come loose .
the item was of great quality and exceeded my expectations . i bought two entension cord and i am very pleased with the price and quality .
i have installed seven of these timers for myself and friends . they work great , set it just once and that's it.recommend this product .
quietest check valve ever . good price , easy install and best of all no noise . installed with a new zoeller pump and couldn't be happier .
returns my sander to just like it was when it was new - no more sandpaper flying off due to worn velco
returned this one for the newer model . tk35 ue . more than double the lumen and only a little more cost
i love this tool . comes with everything you could possibly need . i keep it in my car because you never know when you will need it .
i have a wood stove that has a blower on it just like this one , this was on sale so i bought it for a spare
se ven buenos se ajusta alas manos aun todabia no los uso , , , , , , , , ,
perfect direct desk lamp , and excellent indirect mood lighting . could not be happier . i wish they were available in different colors .
it's a master lock . really hard to go wrong . i use this with a loop cable to tie down kayaks .
bikes do set a little to close together for my liking but good sturdy stand for the money . it'll do for now .
decided to try led bulbs as replacement for our ceiling fan light . they fit the fan fine and provide adequate light with four of these led bulbs .
yhis is a good grade of sandpaper and has most grits you need to sand a project . i will buy more
i have presently bought three of these lights for gifts , they are bright and solidly constructed . it is a compact , handy tool .
my buddies 12 amp leaves me wanting more power when cutting through hmmmm anything . unless its only sheetrock . this thing goes twice as fast as the 11amp .
got this to sand some woodworking projects . works really well with minimal buildup . i will surly purchase this again instead of the cheap stuff .
very easy to install as long as you have all the holes you need predrilled . very nice color to match stainless steel kitchen appliances and amazon has great prices
where have these been all my life ! ! ! i wouldn't build a house with these but for my small wood box and other creations these are perfect !
fortress s02 - b wireless home security alarm system kit with auto dialworks great easy to install only worry is all the batteries needed they are not cheap .
these are really handy little files for getting into tight spaces in woodworking projects - especially band saw projects . quality is fine . i like them ! ! !
the rockler universal t-track kit is a perfect addition to my workshop . i will be ordering more very soon . they are very strong .
easy to install . read the directions ! important to get proper orientation in the tank . lots of plastic prevents rust formation . excellent price and value .
it was exactly as was described and the price seemed fair . i would say buy without worry . i was very pleased .
works well to extend the reach of our power cord . the carry handle is nice as the cord is heavey .
this is a very good extension cord . handles 15 amp at 120 volts with no issues . i would recommend this brand .
get this . i use it all the time . perfect size and number of bits . nothing negative to say . great value .
i used to replace twenty year old rollers that were on my door . they were easy to install and they appear to be quieter than the oem .
the heads on the bolts are quite small . the bolts are fine it they would have used decent sized bolt heads . i wish the assortment was bigger .
this allows me to use different size shafts and seem very solid - fit great - and it came in pdq
this is such a cool safe . thanks a lot ! ! hope you sell lots of them and people can hide their stuff all day every day
good product to help with removing all the moisture out of your bathroom after a shower . product works as described . recommend .
this is my fourth diverter and i could not be happier . this is the diverter you are looking for . stay away from plastic diverters .
cuts rock and geode does what it says . it was a good price and was a nice purchase . it is good for what i wanted it for .
great for cutting large and small soldered components . fine needle-point tip for precision , gigantic handles for great control and snipping power .
takes a while to warm up and not the brightest when in full power .
works good . got this and husband put up right away and so far it comes on when you walk by
great for using with exterior woods . the bonding holds up and i recommend this one as opposed to regular glue .
this thing is really nice . it is accurate and easy to adjust . i guess it's what you expect from starrett .
they work , what else were you looking for ? you screw in the screw and it tightens around the hose . i can't complain .
but smaller heavier items are impossible to balance without a third in the middle steadying it on the narrow band .
the items in the pouch do not stay in the pouch . ( the flap and the snap don't keep the contents inside the pouch
i have many leatherman and the mut is a great tool but too big for pocket carry so this attaches to my range bag no problem
they work well and have a mostly flat frequency curve . i take these to concerts and to movies to protect my hearing .
it is made of thin , hard and brittle plastic that cracked after the second day . it was not abused . scratches easily .
i will practice using this accesory , as a begginer , hoping to enjoy a lot this experience and the jobs i will be doing .
this is the perfect drill and driver combo for small and medium jobs . the price was better than the big box stores .
although attachment was easy , the screw hole which stops the parts of a wire cover was small , and the screw broke.distance is used as a standard .
i have used these to death , they have been my everyday tools , i reach for them whenever i want to install countersunk screws , great tapered drills .
i never realized that i had collected so many dull drill bits over the years.the machine will re-sharpen your bits in no-time . this machine truly pays for itself .
works well and sharpens my knives well . i am either using the serrated sharpener wrong or it just doesn't work well , my guess is operator error lol
clearly marked . nice heavy duty construction . bit sizes are pretty well correct and it is very easy to use . buy it you won't be disappointed .
i bought this bit to do some jointery and it is excellent in every way . cuts clean and really moves the waste from the cutter .
easy to use 1 button on / off , no frills works well thru walls , easy to hold remote .
great product ... looks and works as advertised . would buy again . i like the plug-in models . haven't had any issues with it .
these work just like the original ones that came with the screw driver . they are doing a good job now .
this duosharp diamond stone refurbishes badly damaged or abused chisels and plane blades in nothing flat . works great as part of my sharpening tool kit .
my wife's bulletin boards in her classroom had been painted over , which made using a standard flipped-open desk stapler tedious and usually fruitless . this works much better .
i'd give it a 5 except that it could be improved by providing a off switch for the led light , and if it didn't look so ugly .
it makes precision vertical dremel work easy . i highly recommend it . it is better than using hands and eyeballing a job .
with six d batteries the night it just a tad less scary . when something goes bump in the night grab this light before a fly swatted
great personal protective mask , fits well . easy to adjust , it's a comfort mask that will keep dust and smells out of your face .
this polarity tester has the added feature of assisting in locating the circuit breaker feeding the wall plug being tested .
the miter gauge fit tight and snug right out of the box . the only movement is back and forth , no more side to side .
i used them to drill through a cast iron sink to put in a water filter system . they work very well .
this remote is small enough to easily fit in my pocket and programed quickly and easily with the learn button on the liftmaster garage door opener .
so i got this to do my solar panels and this bad boy was right for the job . did a great job heating the eva .
under $ 20 at costco in canada , so must be even less in the us . nice product tho ... purchased 4 for emergency kits
we use these daily for all of our finish woodworking . packed in a durable box and good price . mirka always put out a great product .
i will say the length of them surprised me , they approx . 8 inches long which i was not expecting but they are holding up great .
nice idea but cheap build & poor quality . i won't recommend purchasing this unless it's less than $ 15 .
sometimes you just need a shorter level such as this 24 inch stanley.used to install iron hose reel ... level and impressive !
this item fits perfectly over my milwaukee impact wrench , i would recommend a medium to long size apex bit . nice
these seem to be as good as the others i have had for many years . great for getting into tight places with a right angle drill .
i lost my old hammer and replaced it with this one . i like the grip as i have big hands and gives me precise control when needed .
got these to support a dewalt dw292 1/2 " impact wrench i just purchased . great set of sockets that are working well for me .
these suckers are bright . though they don't dim as much as i would like for the $ $ $ savings they are well worth it .
nice locks . typical master quality . good value also on amazon . highly recommended . keep in mind these are the moderate size locks not that largest masters .
why didn't i think of that ? great for light projects that involve different size nuts and bolts . ikea look out .
can load up a bunch of tools , a lot of pockets for bits , hand tools etc . would get again in a heartbeat
this dewalt set was bought as a gift for my son and so far he is happy with the quality of this set .
works as advertised . everyone who has a unit that comes with two batteries needs one . charges 18 - volt batteries in a couple hours .
the etched socket size marking are small . you really cannot read the size without a magnifying glass . this is a deal breaker for me .
although the abrasive was sized well for honing the bonding agent used to secure it to the plate failed pretty quick , allowing the diamond grit to flake .
best ear plugs ever . easy to hang around neck and pop into hears . little penetration but great sound deadening w / air compressor , angle grinder ...
went on my new homemade router table . fit perfectly with all the accessories that i purchased while building my new router table .
we like these batteries and use them regularly . we would recommend these to anyone , and thing they are a good deal .
i use the switch with the philips 72 - watt a19 ecovantage light bulb , natural light and it works great . highly recommend .
appears to be exactly what i wanted . it is easy to use ( does not coil up ) and would deter any casual thief .
this cart works great . it is easy to use and folds up flat . the wheels can roll even on grass . very happy with the purchase .
love the centering idea of the leds . worked better than traditional stud finders that i have had in the past .
reasonably bright , will stay lit with a click , but it is a difficult switch to see and activate . good for an everyday carry . great value .
these are great units and seem to work great well built and i like them much better than the first alert ones .
these are very high quality drill bits . we are using them to drill into very hard concrete--they work great ! recommend using them with the bosch hammer drill .
if you want to crank out 1/4 or 3/8 inch perfect box joints then buy this set . i highly recommend it .
i used this tool with good effect while making a armoir cabinet . saves picking up several devices to make a plethora of settings
a great addition to my toolbox accessory collection for use on home projects using my milwaukee m18 driver.fits well and connects easily to my 3/8 inch sockets .
all i have is in the title of the review . would not buy again just because quality looks poor . feels cheap and plasticy .
i bought this while taking a furniture building class , and i found it to be a time saver , especially while laying out the mortise joints .
worked perfectly very happy took minutes to switch it out for less than five dollars could not be happier . the chain rusted out on ours ...
i used this to clean and remove rust from my truck . it works much better than a dust mask and hopefully it helped me to live longer .
i cannot recommend this device . i found it to be messy and more trouble than it is worth . better to limit caffeine and have a steady hand .
* easy to install * the slow-close feature is a plus - no more slamming covers * easy cleaninggood product
was delivered when promised . all lights worked . no issues to date . good price for led lights . will purchase again if i end up needing more .
this is a good ratchet wrench . i have not used it much yet , but it seems to be sturdy and well-made .
kids enjoy polishing stuff up & this works great & tells them for plastic , steel , stone & so on . & great price
this 60 led solar powered motion detector light is fantastic . it light up the yard when someone or something walks by .
ordered several of these for fathers day gifts . all loved them ; ordered one for college bound kid ; great to throw in car and forget until needed .
these bulbs only last about 6 months , but the more expensive ones do not seem to last much longer . they seem to work ok .
excellent product ! now i'm finally getting the white , daylight-type , lighting i wanted . these even make halogen appear less than white .
adjusting mechanism can slip if not locked very tightly . but easy to adjust and does a reasonable job of securing my sliding patio door .
i bought this socket so i could loosen the axle nut on my suzuki gsx 1250fa motorcycle . the socket fits perfectly and makes the job a snap !
these fit comfortable over my prescription glasses allowing my to work with green lasers safely . lens are unscratched , frame is sturdy , good design .
sticks well but i have to see whether it comes off cleanly in the future .
it is not a replacement for my real wrenches but if you need a multi wrench in a pinch it works with a little patients .
very handy to have as i am a versatile handy man , i needed something with strength and battery ease of use
this clamp very good quality and can be used for many applications sugeción , making it very useful for my work with saws .
good strong unit and battery that enables me to open and close the doors on the unattached garage about 200 feet away . i use it from my kitchen .
an excellent tool . multi-function and durably made . should give many years of service from the looks of it . ihighly recommend .
it is quite a powerful little flashlight and fits nicely in me car . i was really surprised . value for money . happy with my purchase .
the larger size is excellent so you don't have to shift it when you're moving around . and the price is right !
this really saved a lot of work , fits in and does its job , was up and going in 10 minutes with this jem .
this gadget is great when you have to leave conditioner in your hair long after you're finished showering . now i don't have to bend under the faucet .
requires plywood to mount older makita , but worth the effort . night and day compared to setting the saw on a workmate .
this driver set is very convenient to use , & easy to carry . makes tool kit very versatile , no word on durability .
this will be so handy to use instead of a meter to check wiring and outlets . buy it , you won't regret it .
works as advertised . only reason it didn't get a 5 - star was that you have to carry around the little cheat sheet for different wood species .
took me all of 2 minutes to install 2 of them . the banging every time the valve closed on the washing machine is gone . money well spent .
these are nicely made cutters , though not the best . well priced and the longer shaft makes things easier to work with . i'm happy with the set .
does a good job doing what it is supposed to . fits over the tub drain catching hair before it can go down the drain . works as intended .
no grip at the front end unless you have really long fingers . i prefer the klein version which has grippy rubber and a larger diameter throughout .
the solar lights are as advertised--accent lights . nothing fancy , just good , bright , and consistent light in critical areas of the lawn .
great looking as i purchased a few of these for our house . for the price , you can't beat it ! looks like a more expensive light fixture .
despite my best intentions and the wording of the ad , this was the wrong size for my vac . had to send it back .
gloves work great , they fit true to size and provide adequate protection against sharp items and the elements . it's basic level security and protection .
substantial sockets at a good price . the are hex heads and they are well marked . the case is pretty substantial also .
this is a great tol . i love it . i wish i had something like this years ago . buy it . you will love it .
absolutely fabulous and at a low price , too . works beautifully , even with low water pressure . it was quick and very easy to install .
this is a good blade for the average and above user . it is a combination blade other than wood . hope this helps .
cheap light but cheap price too.we will see about the longevity.not part of my collection , toy for my boy .
ordered everything i would need to operate my first table saw . the insert fit perfectly and i had no problems using it .
big lightweight hammer . i really like it . stanley makes good products and i am sure this will last for years .
great for emergency use . decent quality and unbeatable price . it is basically sized as an xl and should fit most folks .
a must have for anyone who needs to audibly detect the presence of water before it becomes a problem . the price makes it a no brainer .
fits my cordless drill . works just fine . charges just as fact as old battery did . it does what it is suppose to do .
this stand is easy to carry and easy to set up . it is very sturdy and has endured great so far .
have had these for several years and other that changing the occasional bulb they have never given me any problems .
easy to install looks great and was a nice upgrade to the door hardware and lights also in brushed nickel ..
i bought this drill index to replace another . it is classic dewalt quality and i would definitely buy it again .
installation was pretty straight forward , the directions were pretty descent . performance has been spot on . no complaints would purchase again .
i just needed a small power supply for a string of led's i installed in a cabinet . this was perfect for my purposes .
perfect companion to the leatherman wave . it provides a broad range of screwdriver bits that fit easily into the wave's socket .
love this flapper . it installs easy and gives you lots of flushes for your money . i will buy this product again
so far seems to work great.may not be super bright but does not dissapoint . i will probably order a few more soon .
we got his for our son . he has a genie and we have a chaimberlain . the set was took about 10 minutes .
this is a fine drill . easy to use , set up , does what it says it will do . nice and powerful .
i just like dewalt items . the impact set well i use it for my regular drill .
best headlight i have had . lasts long . duel lens very good . long range focused lens is real flashlight . flood is easy walking or area light .
this flashlight arrived non-working . it would not turn on . when i started to examine it closer it fell apart . it is junk .
very nice . i have used it a lot and my grand daughter has used it too . very nice . thank you
contrary to what i heve read the spoke shave came out of the box running . it was sharp and with a little adjusting it works great .
very nice quality and very reasonable price . great deal for knobs . if you need a lot of knobs , this is a very nice one .
this is an oe fuse for most fluke multimeters . i like to keep a spare and amazon has the best price i have found so far .
this light is nice . it illuminates everything you need to see . its got bright power also . plus its dewalt so you gotta love it .
it is for a camper , which was not specified on description ! ! !
this tool sets drywall screws at the perfect depth ! ! it isn't often that a tool works even better than advertised - - this one does !
if you need a saw horse , then this is the easiest way to slap one together in no time . no fuss , no muss . nuff said .
can do things nothing else can .. really well made . the blades alone are super expensive , making this kit a good deal .
i got this to plug in christmas lights to an existing porch light . plan to use it in dec 2013 .
as with the bigger brother to this clamp , i am very happy with this product , , it works very well and i had zero issues with it .
these have been very handy , on more than one occasion . they are quite a nice addition , for your tool box .
88 year old father in law.we put one around his neck.we put one on his three-wheel rollaterwe stuck one to the wall by the toilet.they all work perfectly.relentlessly .
great horse for the money , portable easy to set up and take down sturdy as well , bought two of these thanks .
these do exactly what they say . if you have two-prong outlets , you can plug in a three-prong cord . not much else to say .
insert arrived on time and in good condition . it fits the table as it should . allow about 5-10 minutes to level the insert to the saw table .
i have been using the staples in the new stapler without incident so i am very satisfied with these staples . i would recommend them .
second season now running the filer to my pool . bought extra clips and run it once in the day and once in the night . seems well made
not much to say . 15 needles at a good price that inflate balls and lots of them for when the kids lose them .
handy little sharpener . i use it on all sorts of stuff . works great and leaves a nice clean smooth edge .
the tool is good and is working nicely . but , only one speed setting is provided.this makes the working , a bit inconvenient .
i use this to charge the deep cycle battery for my travel trailer . it seems to work fine , and is a great value .
a great set for fine detail work . worked superbly for cloning a few keys .
this item is just a cheap led flashlight with a magnet . it doesn't really produce much light , but i guess its ok for the price .
this unit sealed perfectly and it only took a couple of minutes to install . good quality at a fair price
these safety glasses fit over my regular glasses quite well . i would recommend them for anyone looking for over-prescription-glasses safety glasses .
the product is exactly as described . has good quality leds that are quite bright , use almost no power and do not get too hot .
quiet rollers . use white lithium grease on the side and overhead tracks , and you wil have a very quiet overhead garage door experience .
great blade for ripping - leaves smooth kerf . for best results with thin blades like this , use blade stablizers - made by several companies .
i love this thing . it looks so nice , classy , luxury , and feels good to the touch . very functional and beautiful . would buy again !
it will be hard to use any other drill / driver ever again once you try this machine ...
product as advertised . pretty good deal for your standard 60 watt bulb . showed up on time and none of the bulbs were broken .
was disappointed that it was plastic . was expecting better construction for rough use . for home light use it's ok but not for daily use .
divides the beads and components . for anyone purchasing the storage units these are a must . they do a great job .
my sone reports this is a nice tool , packable , light and does the job on a slightly dulled blade . he recommends ...
simple tool for a simple task . a great tool to ad to your tool box since it is easier to handle than a notched prybar or catspaw .
i have an inexpensive 4 cup coffee pot that does not auto turn off . this was a great safety fix for that . so simple to use .
great for lubricant and sealing jobs around the house where you can't or don't want to use oil . recommended without reservation
everything is plastic painted chrome except the hose . the diverter won't tighten up so the handle spins around . looking pretty isn't enough . returning .
small sledgehammer , does small job well . consumer grade stuff , works fine for the intended audience . more words , more words , more words
replaced another kwikset in a steel door . easy installation . just read instructions . smartkey easily set . also bought & installed kwikset entry knob to match .
a nice set of drills ! should last me a long time before they need resharpening . the case they're put in is difficult to use .
this purchase was for installing crown molding . it's probably a little more than i need but it does the job .
we recommend this size is a bit large , but the glasses.the following promotions would like to buy the other stuff . i believe amazon.have a nice day with .
the blade is incredibly sharp ! the pliers , screw driver bits , and bottle opener make a great minimalist , compact multitool ! would buy it again !
great saw for the money . easy to handle . safe to use . used to install our own floors in our ' new ' house . would recommend .
does exactly what you purchase it for . i absolutely love incra products and find them well worth the money . i have many many items from them .
these dremel cutoff discs are great for me . i use them in my dental lab for cutting acrylics , alloys , and plaster . great = rolando
if you need some flash lights at a very good price buy these . you can't have enough in the house , car and garage .
this thing suprised me , if you hold it right you can get writing as thin as a ball point pen .. works great battery life is nice also
this was just what i needed for pulling staples and tacks . very weel built and just the right size for small things .
nice deal they are bright but don't throw light far but you can run ten of these and still save money over one 100watt incandescent
this set includes everything that you will need on your next project . from grinding to shaping and polishing this set has it all .
does exactly what it is supposed to do . very handy for a cabinet with no lights especially with the ablilty to adjust .
its cheap it looks cheap it feels cheap and it is cheap but it works no leaks dose what its meant to cant complain
this is a great little light , very bright . i use it to cook on the grill after dark . worth the money.the case is plastic not al .
purchased as learning experience using diamond coated rotary tools.the variety enabled fine finishing on a variety of materials and madefinal finish smoother than expected . excellent deal .
dewalt is a great product . i use these all the time . i purchased these at a steal of a price . love my amazon
it worked good and very easy as well as looked good on my walkway and drive way . just because it is black can been painted to fix problems !
this does a very good job . had some patterns cut in stainless sheet that needed the edges smoothed and it works justfine .
this makita light is very bright and turns in all the directions needed when working in dark and cramped places . i recommend this to anyone with makita tools .
the entire system for the maglite flashlight , extra battery and bulb was well priced and received quickly . had a maglite for 20 years and needed another
the 2 little screws don't hold the bits securely . it slips when drilling even wood . don't recommend it . look for something else .
gives me a good reach and lasts reasonably long . the only downside is that they bend rather than snap at the tip .
i put this one on my alternate-knife keychain and am more than pleased with how bright it is to use .
one of the 2 best lights i've ever purchased . you can not buy a better light for the money . i will be buying more of them .
i also purchased this lamp in the grande 250 oz size , and the pair make a beautiful matched set . we love it .
great addition for your skeletool , wave , surge , charge . just look at the array of screwdriver abilities you can add to your leatherman .
i love the thin walls on theses sockets . the sizes you get are what you would need most of the time and shipping was very fast .
this product will allow you to keep some ventilation flowing during storage without worrying about rain and bugs . easy to install in about 30 min .
these are cheap and work perfect . i have had no problems what so everi highly recommend these to anyone
good quality little sledge hammer . fiberglass handle will probably never break . i'd recommend it to anyone looking for a lighter sledge hammer .
this switch makes turning the router and ancillary equipment such as a vacuum on one operation with one switch , very convienent and a must have item .
works great for material on the miter stand easy to move when aligning cuts and shifting away from the saw after cut is done
i really enjoy using these screwdrivers . the fit the hand well and they provide an outstanding grip on the screw .
can't believe how well this heaters work and how inexpensive they are to operate compared to a standard tank style heater .
great quality tape measurer . i own about for of them and never had a problem . use them every week end .
ampro a1460 18 piece air tool accessory kit milton type is a great kit and a great price ! good quality .
this kit is of typical dremel quality and the price on amazon beat any i found elsewhere . the battery life is decent as is the recharge time .
very cute and bright ! love that they come in a larger package than most candles ! now i have enough for my whole house !
be sure to buy the 5/16 and 3/8 taps too ! they are not included .
nice case and a perfect fit in my drill case . holds just the common bits that i use most often . durable and just right .
fits standard peg board , easy to use and keep small parts organized on my work bench . plan on purchasing several more in the near future .
this is a nice well made attractive light at a fair price.it ' s westinghouse.easy to install and i have put leds in it.very happy .
does what its supposed to and well priced , quick and easy to use on multiple types of batteries . use it with my rechargeables .
works great , you'll always have the bit you need . the plastict shealthing tends to slips off , but that does not affect it's function .
the delivery was as promised and the lights were well packaged . the leds were as described and provide great light for an accent application .
no extra bells amped whistles , just a basic show header that does its job extremely well . could not be happier .
these work great . i have bought 2 of them now . i got one for a family member for xmas this year . great quality too .
works ok but i find it awkward to deal with . probably my lack of skill . it has fallen over twice in my shop .
nice fit for the tape measure and pencils , retractable razor and other quick-access items . would buy this again if needed .
it is nice for the price but very big and heavy to carry as a pocket knife and i think it is probably illegal
this is a great shop light . i use is on my bench when i'm working . for the price it is fantastic .
works amazingly well cutting reasonably heavy duty steel . quick work and very versatile in several different applications . works well in entire porter cable line
this is a good starter kit to find out which blades will work for you .
good air hose for the price , very convenience , when i need longer than 25 ' i would hook 2 together to make 50 '
exactly what i need in my garage when i work on my car to save all that time i clean my hands afterwards ! !
this thing is pretty pointless . tried hanging stuff with it twice and epic failure ! i had to end up using tacks on my wall !
still running lava lamps after all these years on a timer . some bulbs last forever and some go quick . these are the name brand from lava .
this says it is the brightest led out there . it's not that bright , but the color is great and the price cannot be beat .
bought it cause i wanted 2 b the 1st on my block 2 own one . 5 more words needed 2 submit
impressed so far . like that it is much smaller yet just as much light as previous larger floods i have had .
for a small project , this was very nice . if you have to do production work , this is not the way !
this accessory does a terrific job of directing warmed air into each finger . it works far better than place the gloves over the shoe attachment .
having a keypad to open the garage door from outside without using a remote in a car . it works perfectly with my red learn button opener .
they are great and make moving so easy . everyone needs a set of sliders . do not get pushing hard for you may have repair a wall etc ..
dewalt makes the best impact driver on the market i've used them all . these will drive in 3 " by 1/2 lags with no pilot hole ..
i am quickly becoming a fan of tekton tools as they are well built at a great price . pleased with this purhase .
great price , item is as described , really helps to move ladder , glad i found it . easy to install , took five minutes
i can say enough about dewalt product . a big fan . the wheels were a big plus for me to move it around . money well spent .
price is right . i already had adapters , but not of the propertied higher quality for impact drivers.nothing to complain about yet . hasn't broken .
i can simply say , i can use this flashlight when i ride my hypermotard at night ! ! ! just fantastic and easy to use !
fast shipping and tools have been reliable so far . a must have if you work on vehicles any . it will make job easier .
this power pack has lasted longer and more charges than the factor dewalt batteries it replaced . for not even half the price !
they look good and work great . i bought with allison round drawer knob in satin nickel finish and i couldn't tell the difference .
great hose , holds up to lots including i-dots running over it with the truck tire . add it to the 1/4 inch recoil hose and you are set .
cut my metal roofing like cutting through butter . i had nice clean edges with no burrs .
i have used them for many years - normally for small inside jobs . quiet and effective - but expensive .
batteries seem to last a long time , not sure have not really tested them to see . so far i am happy with with i have bought .
this sand paper has a good quality feel to it . and , it is a good value . would order it again .
as expected , don't know what else to say here , it works for those tight to reach spots where a normal tire gauge won't fit all the way .
i tested a very small sample and it works well so there is not much to say than it works and it is priced well
very easy to mount and sturdier than most give it credit for in other reviews . i would encourage installing it directly into the door frame though .
a great and inexpensive way to have dimming at your chairside for a light that is otherwise out of reach .
these seem to be good quality . only time will tell with tools . stanley has a lifetime warranty either way so i feel fine about them .
not much to say but this is the cover to get for the handler 140 . fits great and feels sturdy . will do the job .
keeps the smell out from other roomsgreat for temps too.make sure you have a rubber door flap on the bottom too .
i tried changing a faucet without this tool , and it took all damn day . i now have this for the next time i change out a faucet
fits comfortably , makes a great seal over the face , and is easy to replace the used filters .
can't praise estwing enough . they make good stuff - in the usa . certainly a high quality product . worth the money .
wrapped it around three water joints . no leaks . did not crossthread . hey , it is teflon tape , what can i say .
fits well , does not obscure vision and provides all around protection for the eyes
very bright light . unlike some led bulbs you get , you can actually read using this bulb . will buy again if needed .
great product , best batteries out there . but i found them cheaper on another site so be sure to shop around before ordering these .
i needed a super heavy duty extension for the high electrical loads on my rv.great build quality , 12 gage copper cable at a very reasonable price.recommended
this has now been installed for 2 1/2 months and no sign of lifting and no fading of the numbers etc . very happy with it .
these are great ear muffs . i use them to help block out my dog's snoring and they work great and are pretty comfortable to sleep in
excellent product , i have owned these for quite some time now and they have performed quite well . i can recommend these easily .
this is a great little leveler . it actually fits in your pocket . living in an apartment this is very handy when hanging pictures etc .
works , but a little on the dull side ... i had to use more force than i expected punch out the items .
fantastic unit at a fantastic price . nice with the light and good color of plastic . well boxed and with good instructions .
this is the only chalk you will ever buy again hands down . fine powder , and marks very well .
this replacement lamp is great . it has a good white light and very bright.just wish the battery drain was better than the original lamp .
i busted my bit in my countersink set and replaced it with this dw2537 and it is the exact replacement and works as expected .
make stripping wires easy , quick and clean , but does noo have a cutter so i find myself with two tools . glad i have them though !
so far no defective led . they flash different colors and the flashing duration and pattern changes . i've used them in projects where they were incorporated into ornaments .
this product ( sog specialty knives & tools f01t tactical tomahawk ) is used when we go hiking in the wilderness . keeps an edge and isn't very heavy .
these mitts always slip off my ladder . i had to buy a different brand that work much better . these were a waste of money .
i beat up the phillips bit pretty fast ( one afternoon ) . and it did get the job done of working on replacing the steps . so happy .
this is a great led holder for a fenix tk40 flash light ! very stiff ! buy it on this site as well . sw
i have put it to it . repeated hard use on a 111 pound impact driver . has not broken yet , so it must be good .
i bought these to wash my cars in the winter . work great ! will last for years . just what i needed !
i gave my used saw to my son , together with this selection of blades . together they provide a solution to a wide variety of cutting tasks .
last longer , i'm not saying either brand is correctly stating their numbers but i do believe there is a difference . great buy !
bulbs came carefully packed in original ge 4packs with lost of bubble wrap . i didn't test them but no complaints .
i just love these 6 inch long bits . they allow me to get good leverage on the screw and i can get it in places that are tight
this item goes with the bessy clamp system just fine . it makes angle clamping problems a thing of the past . wish i had them years ago .
used to help me access spark plugs . built solid , fits my ratchet and locks securely . i need more words ,
what can you say that hasn't been said . i still don't have the muscle memory to move both sides evenly without thinking but these are great .
not too much to say about these except they are perfect . well marked and they work great . very good tools
great motion detection and adjustable bulb directions are great . easy to wire and instructions provided if you need them .
what do wood drills do ? drill , of course . and , these drill very nicely , thank you very much . apppreciate the workmanship .
just started using bessey clamps alot , decided to see if these work as they look they should , they put pressure nicely along a wide area well .
works perfect every night . would definitely buy again if ever needed . easy to install and cheap to buy . what more can you ask for !
i needed this product for changing my phone plugs to ethernet and it worked like a charm . super easy to use and sturdy . i recommend it .
i'm glad that i purchased this since i do a lot of woodwork . definitely bets getting from the blue or orange stores . :)
this product is not only heavy duty but is very useable and accessible on the job , and is built to last .
havent used them yet but they seem legit , they came in great condition and i love the case they are in .
this unit was a warehouse extra . all parts in box , well packaged and the unit is brand new . great for any ceiling .
excellent product ! arrived quickly . they are extremely bright , brighter than i expected and brighter than the competition
its made solid and very bright and strong . the metal leg is the well made part and sturdy . i purchased 7 of them already
small torque items require more attention . this wrench , though expensive , is ideal . easy to read , smooth operation . no disappointment here !
i bought this set for my leatherman wave and this has by far made my leatherman the most useful tool around my house and on camping / hunting trips .
these strippers are great quality , the holes line up perfectly and they dont chip like a cheap pair will . handles are comfortable , and they are strong .
these apps work well ... they are the same or very similar to those that are supplied with some of meguiars products
this is a light-weight dynamo ; use it for light-duty jobs and you'll be pleased . great to fill-up tires , too . not too noisy .
recommended for various equipment that require constant oil and was not ridiculously expensive.once attached to the air hose , it works great .
works great . i like that it's adjustable and i have had no problems with it . it did make my toilet flushing a little bit louder though .
i find that the ridgid planer is powerful and does a pretty good job . although , some snipe at times .
not the easiest to install . worked afterwards . make sure to true up your chop saw to square before checking accuracy .
this little guy is almost a must on your key ring.considering how small this flashlight is , the output is quite spectacular !
both edges of the two blades are extremely sharp as should be . no pits or imperfections . well packaged . getting harder to find for this aging planer .
havent used long but seems to work just like the old batteries used to , see how it goes this summer when i use it alot
my son likes this soldering iron holder . i bought this for his birthday at a good price , so i'm happy too .
i like using these bits for tightening and loosening bolts . makes things go easier then a regular ratchet or wrench
charges battery in about 30 minutes . it takes 2-3 batteries to weedeat my yard so its nice to have a quick way to charge the 3rd one.would recommend !
this shower head provides a powerful spray and looks really good in my bathroom . hand shower head is very convenient for kids , dogs , cleaning up etc .
this product is great i matches the ones , in my place that are 8 years old and this is the lock company that i have all way used
a lot smaller than expect but extremely high quality . 3 stars because its not as useful as i had hoped but a nice item anyway
heavy enough to stay in place , turns on when the switch is rotated , articulates nicely , and it looks like a piixar character .
i purchased this respirator to use under my welding helmet.it fits perfect . because of the shape of the front and exhaustit does not fog my glasses .
one of three units was dead on arrival ; i was too lazy to return it so now i have a paper weight
great wrench set for the price . haven't had a problem with them yet . wish the case would of been made better .
use this submerged or just close to the outside of waterfall basin to light it up and show it off as a feature at night .
this is a very good gun for the money ! get a commercial unit at the cost of an entry level one .
have not used it yet . but inspecting it , it will more then satisfy my hobbies . both my hands are free to do a perfect fix .
easy to install and so happy i need not worry about replacing batteries for 10 years ! ! ! thinking of all the money i will save .
i use it in a shooting house with red filter so the deer don't notice as much ( it seems ) .
wires are tightly sealed but i bought liquid tape just to ensure i covered all the gaps . just optional though .
an item ordered to complete a dewalt set for my husband for christmas . dewalt are high quality tools . very satisfied .
this long reach flashlight works well . i use it to check the bores of black powder rifles for pitting and cleanliness .
i bought this tool on the advice of my brother , who uses it at work . very glad that i did . cuts through easily and very manuevarable .
one light bulb in my utility room was not bright enough to see properly at my work bench . with 4 light bulbs it is really bright and works well
we replaced our halogens as they burn out with these . caution don't use in steamy or moist areas , they die .
works great , easy to use for even me who sucks with tools . love how simple adding the different bits is.im digging my new tool big time !
i gave a five star rating for excellent performance and quality . a very affordable socket set . i highly recommend this product to friends and family .
these bulbs worked fine for my outdoor lighting application . i will have to see how they perform over time . i am pleased with them so far .
easy to use , no battery of it's own to go flat . short , simple review with padding at the end to make it longer .
this is a great product but the laser seems to be crooked . but it didn't say it was self leveling
about 50 feet distance , good sound , and has flashing light to alert . about 50 feet distance , good sound , and has flashing light to alert .
it's built nice but the brightness wasn't what i wanted.anyway if you go bigger than this then it is toooo strong and bulky.over all happy to buy it
these are awesome . loving the ball driver so you can work at an angle.don ' t ever get non ball driving hex drivers .
it's a maglite . they are unbreakable and reliable . this one worked fine right out of the box ! i'm going to buy another at this price !
it works very well , nice and bright . more light than i expected , good range.would get another , if or when needed ..
because it is pretty much like most other fan brands . it pushes air the way i think it shouldand is working just fine .
this is a good quality screen fabric . heavy gauge materieal and is a great replacement for torn window or door screens . great product at a fair price .
love my new man tool and being from baltimore , love the fact that i can support my home town though i live far away . go dewalt !
the brass and rosewood looks good , i like this tool as long as the pocket clip is removed , otherwise it's uncomfortable to use .
the only blade to use if you are plunge cutting into wood . it is sharp enough to keep it from burning up . just remember to go slow .
i have no idea why thesse bulbs are so hard to find , but amazon has them and and they fit the 6v rechargeable mag and stream lights .
i have the black / white makita flashlight and my bulbs lasted a long time considering the rough service i give them . these are replacements and work fine .
the grex pin nailer is terrific tool purchase . it's a must in my book for finish work and related project needs !
i should have gotten the bigger size cause i think these run a little small and you need the extra room .
great tool , i can't tell you how many times this little guy has gotten me out of a jam . like the three speed feature & extra accessories ,
very nice set . has most of the common sizes . the case is a nice addition . seem to be very durable .
bought these handles to replace two knob handles.they work great , were easy to install took about 5 min each handle .
this makes the cabinet mobile and the locks assure it is stationary when needed . they easily install into the provided brackets and are very heavy duty .
run your dull knives a couple times through this then polish them on a rod . you'll be slicing through onions without releasing all those nasty tear-inducing oils.cheers !
leave it to the brit's to put this handy package together.this belongs in an emergency outdoor kit with other survival gear.well worth the purchase .
a great bag and does a very good job of collecting the saw dust as needed . has plenty of volume for my needs
comes in handy in emergencies , is well made and light to carry around . this company puts out good , sturdy flashlights and they work good .
perfect for night lights , cooler and cheaper to use and safer then cfl crap especially around kids
put some led bulbs in since this ventilates well enough and it looks great in my newly finished kitchen . would recommend .
i was suprised by the quality of this item . i poured a concrete footing and used the anchors provided . nice and solid .
they're cheap and cheerful , and handy . they don't have a very long half life in use , but what the heck , buy plenty of spares .
i'm no professional by any means but this seams to work for my little projects no complaints . fit the saw well and cuts well and holds up
i bought two of these after my house was broken into . the fast charge battery ensures you never run out of drill power .
the remote plate sticks out a bit more than i would like , but being able to turn off the overhead light from my bed is worth it .
the extension actually broke , and multiple attempts to contact the manufacturer has given me a new extension yay ! and it works now
no noticeable issues . should be a standard attachment for rotary tools , given the price and ease of use . would recommend .
i needed this for my makita power saw which is really handy . these batteries need to be replaced occasionally and this one has been working great .
installed these to replace all of my stand alone smoke detectors and monitored smoke detectors . work great . battery is included .
i bought this when soldering , but i ended up using very small letters instruction booklet--nowadays this is usually the case . i love the light and magnifying glasses .
i would recommend this to anyone that is doing touch up painting . i used this on these metal banners i was making and it just turned out perfect .
items arrived on time . tweezers work okay for someone doing limited repair work . no complaints .
○ loaded with plastic components ○ flimsy , thin wooden tops ○ one top piece cracked within a week of use ○ done w / b & d
these are hardened 1st quality . not like the cheap imports with soft steel that twist and then the jaws won't line-up .
fit and finish on these locks are outstanding . the keys are strong and go in easy . highly recommended for use in high moisture areas .
easy enough to work with and put up . works with a new rainbird system as expected . ordered a second one for the front yard .
good match for my 3rill . allows me to continue using my large collection of drill bits and holds them securely .
was excatly what i ordered , had a bad smell when first used but disappeared quickly . with shipping and handling was not a bad cost .
i've installed all the dampers and so far they work as well as the expensive ones i already had . they have been on the doors for 2 weeks .
works fine , you only need one once every few years but when you need it nothing else will do . works great for its intended purpose .
it's a tap wrench , pretty simple . works great , i use it with my rcbs stuck case remover kit and it worked fine .
the price was good but i guess this is one of those you get what you pay for things .. it will due in a pinch though ..
bought them for gift the last time i seen the party they are happy with them and used them several times
i have a lot of facial hair it covers good and is very comfortable ( must have ) measure your head before ordering
it's so solid that somebody snagged it from me and it's never been seen again . dang crooks ! ! ! buy your own !
these pliers are not only stronger but they look great . since purchasing them i gave away my old pliers . stanley's 8 inch pliers are all i needed !
i got this for some projecting , its a very nice blade make a super clean cut . i would highly recommend .
nice quality and a nice tight plug . everything is as advertised , no frills but does the job adequately just like it is supposed too .
i find that this base is sufficient for my powermatic band saw . it moves around in the shop with ease
recieved battery pack within a couple of days and have been using the batteries every since .
i have put in my wood work , it is perfect for pine and perch with color too . i would expected to purchase more hard wood plugs .
this is a great saw for the price . plenty of power and smooth . i would recommend it to anyone . not too heavy
i have used one so far , it worked fine . i have never had a problem with any maglite product . good product .
not real military mre but not bad . received exactly what was described not a bad product . personally i would stick to authentic military mre's .
great light . uses aaa batteries . three settings-low , high , and flashing . very bright . great switch . durable anodized finish . will buy again .
best thread checker for the money , if you do any work in a shop or your garage you need one of these , would recommend this 100 percent .
it is handy for de-soldering joints as it keep iron clean and cleans up easily . woldl recommend it for electronic repair folks
if you like tools , you can't go wrong . people love it and always comment . matches my bbq set which is an added bonus .
great idea and stays put too . great product idea . one of two tools in my box that doesn't say craftsman on it .
so far so good , been about 6 months and flawless operation up to this point . for the price it's a solid option
my bell is about 80 feet from the house , and this works like a charm . i've ordered the motion detector to expand on it .
east to install , a must for clean non cluttered wiring . like the ease of changing the fuse and mouting . works good on any after market installs .
this solder flows well and so far have not run into any problems with it . what i expected from a good solder .
the jaws were ground unevenly and don't bite against the pivot . i have to move it to the tip to cut a wire .
fairly easy to install . not super heavy duty , but sufficient for most things your likely to store overhead . i bought 4 total
product works well . did the job , only dislike was it was slow pushing out the caulk .
very bright & sensitive light , already i have 4 mounted around the house , im happy with this model so far
these extra small screwdrivers are nifty for those jobs where ordinary household scredrivers are too large ; perfect for watches , shavers , and gadgets where batteries are hidden .
i bought this with 4.0 ah batteries for my impact and grinders.charges them before they are dead from use .
i bought this thinking it would make my lights blink but it didn't work at all but i was not going to return it and pay for shipping
you can't go wrong with anything bessey yes it's more money , but be smart quality clamps are less frustrating and will last a lifetime
i use senco nails for all of my brads and finish nailers and love them . nails are nails some may say but i definitely see a quality difference .
these two squares are very nice . they are accurate , well made , quality pieces . they also come in a container that protects them in youre shop .
all i can say is the adhesive is not the best on this product . we had to supplement with another adhesive .
this is a great product for a small price . it turns my fenix p3d q5 into a great table lamp . good dispersion . fast shipping .
great little pen size light . i keep mine handy all the time when working . provides more light than non led lights and has great battery life .
what can i say ? it works . repaired broken lamps for a few bucks and they are going strong . easy to use
bright and functional light , stable and rotates well . great purchase is you're already running a dewalt battery for something else .
its foam for god sakes . soft and easy to install :) actually used to place in window at top .
bought this for a specific place and use it . what can i say about an electrical plug . it works and it's convenient .
am replacing luan doors with solid wood six panel doors and this installation kit really helps this process along
this is great for computers and tablets was very happy with this and use it when needed . great price nice case it comes in
i was surprised about how solid and heavy this tool is . magnet holds bits well and i have no complaints .
sometimes it gets reversed so the light stays on , but 95 % of the time this works great and has quite a range from the door openers .
i many times have to get at a screw in those hard to reach places this set has taken away most of those unreachable screws
these seem to work fine as tweezers . they work better than a number of the sets i have used .
this light is good , but compared to the snake light on the 18v system , it could have a few improvements made .
take the picture of the clamp off of the ad . not sure that half inch will fit the three eights rope.but that is what the ad suggested .
this is a very good product especially for the price i have used them for a while now and they hold an edge as well as can be expected
good head lamp and very bright . wonderful for the price . i have used it for biking and handyman tasks etc . and it works great .
not much you can say about a shelf pin except that they all appear to meet the size and finish specs .
i have many 502b t6 led flashlight torch and the 501b seems to be better overall , while a little more costly i now prefer the 501b
we had this dimmer professional installed in our library / reading room and it works great . my favorite feature is the ability to adjust the light level .
exactly what i needed . great price and good quality glass lens . great compact size but extends like an antennaethanks .
i use it to measure dimensions inside of house . its accurate and fast , much easier than to use a tape measure .
great tools kitfor home and hardwork usevery useful , exelent for any issue in what you will need a tool
this light drys the 3m glues i use alot of and only a year ago i had to pay 100 $ to gey one that would
i like this eyewear . it looks cool , feels comfortable , good for sunny weather as well . price is reasonable . i love it .
great add-on for my standard lansky system . great for roughing in and establishing the sharpening angle of a blade . does not come with guide rod .
these connectors are as advertised . i wound up cutting them in half to serve as connectors to the input supply .
i prefer the convenience of an adjustable chuck but after having three dremel chucks lock up on my tool making them useless i gave up and bought these .
i had this saw for about 6 years and never had a problem with it . powerful , easy to use . i recommend it .
does great job what its suppose to do . good quality and i would buy more ! you can never have enough clamps !
been a year and these are working great . i use them as night lights in halls / bathrooms and always have a flashlight handy .
i bought this set with high expectations and they were met . the tools are great and can be used for multiple appications .
ok electronic tape measure . the instructions were not the easiest to follow , but i finally figured it out . the price could be a little bit less .
i use the extension bits in a dewalt 20v impact driver ... it works great . the different sizes are also a plus .
i recommend these disks because they last well and i have been using them for years for the same reason . easy to use and last long
if you use it on a wire for lamp , it can even tell which is hot which is neutral . a must have for electric work .
they were just right to replace some aging cords i had . the work well and seem well made . the should last a long to , e .
works the way it's supposed to . i am using it to ratchet down a propane bottle and a portable toilet in my camper van .
the is one very bright bulb ! i love it . it's not natural like an incandescent bulb , but it's great for reading or lighting up an area .
it has everything i need to perform my projects . works very well . i will know more after my first big job .
looks great , light weight ! very useful as eye protection from wind and dust on bicycles and motobikes as well . highly recommended
good price but a little small for my liking . this seems geared towards people that need the smaller sizes . it's hard to find these made in the usa
handy , very well built , small , comes with a magnetic bracket , optional receiver for outdoor use . overall , a great purchase .
the adjustment for fit works well and never had to be readjusted . the sound blocking level and earpiece fit also are fine .
can use in your pocket.sometimes roam in your pocket to be used when in a hurry.if one seems to get it unless engineers better .
what can i say ... made in the usa , great quality , should last for a very long time . price is excellent !
i have been using this product to cover fishing reel parts that come in contact with salt water . also over painted parts as an extra " coat "
this is a very well made and well designed tool with a nice assortment of accessories . it's worth owning , even if only used occasionally .
they work ! no more scratched wood floor from the chair scooting . super simple product , but does the job perfectly .
these do the job and are well made . i would recommend highly . price was right and much less than i found in curtain shops .
good heavy duty extension cord . i will buy more of these cords when needed . i don't see anything negative about this extension cord
nothing much to say about this pressure switch . the quality is okay . i dont expect it to last long with the heat shrunk switch
i am using these bulbs in my range hood and they provide a very bright light for cooking . however they are not dimmable .
these are awesome to have in your car - just in case - but hopefully will never have to test them .
large circles are often needed in woodworking . this compass is easy to set up , and easy to use . it beats string and nails .
i am glad i purchased this lamp . looked at quite a few and finally picked this one . it's solid and a quality product .
... the " sure-foot aluminum bar clamps [ from rockler ] are vastly superior [ and cheaper ] . no more heavy and clumsy piping for me !
these work well and for the price you can't go wrong . used them to rewire my motorcycle lighting . worked pretty good !
i am surprised i really like the size ( small ) and quite bright and fits on my laptop stand plus it is powered by usb or 3 aaa batterys
excellent for home use , such as in smoke detectors or other electronics . new name for the same old brand which everyone knows .
only problem i have had is because of directions for wiring ... wire it same as old outlet but pigtail to neutral needed .
i have a few of these and i don't bother with the rechargeable batteries in some of them , that additional output is moot .
these lights are great ! the only problem is they come from china and mine take about a month to get here ...
this was worth the very low cost . and it really beats trying to tap into a fuse by wrapping stripped wire around a post !
have not had the opportunity to use this tool , the weight seems good for it's intended purpose , i had access to a hydraulic crimp tool
what can i say ? they hold tightly and i have not had a jam with any of them .
batteries last a long time . motion works good . just wish it was a little brighter . haven't found anything better yet
i installed these in my kitchen under and above the cabinets and they were very easy to install and work great and a big improvement over fluorescent light bulbs .
sometime there isn't clearance for a standard driver handle . this comes in handy at those times.works just fine . well executed .
i like the multiple stop points . twin legs for strength . adjustable arm . well made and comes with a high quality hose .
i thought the bits and the tool would fit together in the sheath . it only fits one set and the sheath . it seems just a bit odd .
this is very important with any project , make sure the down rod is the correct size for your lathe , good welds
great for craft projects and so much more . durable , no clog applicator makes projects a breeze . durable shiny copper finish as pictured
the gears could be better but it works , use it a few times a day at work . i would recommend .
got two of these and plan on getting a few more . this is the best saw horse i ever own
this works well . it feels solid and high quality . i mounted the remote by my light switch using velcro . good value .
very nice quality worth spending the money when installing new faucets with plastic pop up assemblies ... the plastic ones don't hold up in the long run and sometimes crack
this is an excellent mask and is very comfortable to wear . i do not mind wearing it for extended periods of time .
nice product will recommend this item , because is is small and light ! ! perfect for cleaning the car ! ! and around the house
the pads are okay but they are not what i expected them to be as far as application is concerned .
love these , i am usisng them for gifts . been a jar collector for years , and lost to have a special place for them !
pressure is powerful enough , would be a valuable tool for projects that requires pilot holes before drilling . very good .
clever little device that let me scoot my entertainment center against the wall a little closer ! ordered a few more packs of these to use around the house .
good bits - dewalt makes good stuff - - - wait for items to go on-sale or have special markdowns / rebates .
obviously built for economy , but it still does the job passably well . goal was reading a book at night . bingo .
love the double sided readings . not a durable as the heavy metal ones but works great for home use .
works as advertised , good quality plastic construction . signal consistently received from 60-70 ft away and through two drywall & stud walls and one brick wall .
could use improvements on the quality and overall build . the glass was not clear and the head slides too easily over the tube
the disc work well they stay on the sander where you put them and have long lasting , good value for the money
this little flashlight if quite bright and has four different modes . looks nice and so far , the battery life seems fairly long .
i used this the very first day it arrived and almost every day since . i am very pleased with the durable construction and accuracy . highly recommend .
these are typical dewalt quality . i have yet to get anything made by de walt that i wasn't happy with .
strong work good for the job needed for can take a hit and did not break
did just what is said it would do . does not have a rolling code but is fine for most applications . mark
these seem to be the standard for high quality air hoses - - the ends are high quality and the rubber hose seems also to be very durable .
works well with the x long fittings . the wire stripperfunction is more like a wire cutter . i use a specialtyrotary type wire stripper .
a good shelf to fit a in small closet space but is pricey compared to some at big box retailers .
2 out of 2 of these failed after two weeks . they both stopped sensing motion and have been returned . steer clear ...
i always had problems setting up the right angle when making 6 and 8 sided boxes . with this it was easy and accurate .
this tool has exceeded my expectations and has been used daily . the auto zeroing is very nice and has had no problem with the many sensors i have .
tajima builds simple tools very well . this rasp is another great product by them . saves time and energy rasping sheetrock .
i like this product because a person can hand tighten the clamps with the attached key , instead of trying to tighten the non-key clamps with a screw driver .
good color temp and perfect fit for low volt malibu light fixtures . not as bright as 10w incandescent bulb , but the power savings is woth it .
we are still using this nice flashlight . it doesn't eat batteries , always is bright and small enough to tuck into my purse .
pros :d oes the job . fits perfectly to the impact driver and to the 1/4 3/8 and 1/2 inch sockets.cons :d id not really find any .
gives you everything you need to hook up your dishwasher , and you'll have pieces left over . all high quality , too !
i got this and it works as advertised on my wave . seems like it might break loose from rough handling but i have yet to see it happen .
purchased this as i had read that it was a great match for my kubota tractor , matched perfectly and as with all rust oleum it is pretty tough ,
this little monster really does the jobs , cutting rebar , tiles , copper pipes , smoothing surfaces and etc . easy to control and at time very powerful .
cheap exstension cord , you plug things in , they work . not much more i can say other than i got what i paid for .
a spoon is a spoon to an auto camper , but i am hoping that my son will enjoy this little eating tool ! :-)
this socket is a great deal . i couldn't have changed my o2 sensor without it ! 1994 subaru loyale .
good design , have found no problems . works as advertised . useful set for household , not a bunch of junk you don't need .
i was absolutely amazed at the strength of these tiny magnets . very hard to pull off my refrigerator , easier to slide off the side . very strong .
this set is great and does exactly what it is supposed to do . fits our router and makes quick work . thats all we ask
not a lot to say , this product seemed reasonably well made for the money and had accurate reading and decent instructions.over all i would recommend this item .
love these lithium ion xrp battery's . i have 3 of these for my dewalt tools . very powerful and long lasting !
this tools is great value and good price , it is high quality and very strong and after all it is ready when you need it !
this does the job at a reasonable price . the negative is that the tips can easily fall out if you are not cautious .
got it for a keychain and believe it or not , it actually holds keys ! kudos to the gerber family ...
great for doing pocket holes on the job site . vise grip action hold the jig tightly for drilling . a must need tool for using on the job site
this is just what i needed . it was very cheap and worked perfectly . i don't plan on using it that often , so it fit my needs
i purchase this leviton 689 - w 15 amp 1 gang receptacle to replace old one . all products from leviton are very good quality including this one
i've had this for over a year and it still works great . simple , but reliable remote at a great price .
i just lost mine because it is so small but very useful , i have to buy again . buy it and you will not regret it .
what can you say about freud ... they are simply the best router bit out there . i also have there router and router table and couldn't be happier .
size runs small , but i knew that from other reviews . to compensate i ordered one size larger an it is just fine .
clean lines and you only have to replace the one switch for the fan , not the light as well . good stuff .
worked great in scotland . not a converter , just a plug shape changer , so pay attention to what you are plugging in .
as solder goes for electrical work , this is a good solder . haven't used a bad one yet , but i'm sure this one is a good one
this tool is simple but effective . it does exactly what it is advertised to do and is simple to operate .
battery is very hard to seat in the unit and should not be that difficult . both units needed a screwdriver to help push the battery against the terminals .
these are very easy to install and very strong . they were about half the price on amzn than at the local store too ! would recommend
good enough quality for the price . i ordered this to do some sat . cable routing in my house and it worked .
this vacuum is so loud my ears ring after using it . i also dislike the filter which is not washable .
both of these blades became very dull very quickly . imho , the metal is poor quality and these should be avoided .
this is the second one of these i've purchased . it literally takes 5 minutes to add a dimmer to any corded lamp when you use this .
these 1/4 inch staples work pretty well , without " jamming " too much , in my heavy duty stapler . pretty decent quantity for the money .
used several times while installing bamboo flooring . it did what it is suppose to . i cannot imagine not having this product because i used it several times .
great light at this price point , puts out a bright white light and the form factor is just about perfect .
mine is 4 years old and is still running today with no problems . its quality and dependable but today its very weak in output and battery life
i've been used diferent models of countersink . this one is the best i ever seen . i recomend it with the #12 together .
this offset wrench makes bit changes a breeze . it fits perfect and is not obstructed by the dust shield . i wish i had it sooner .
heavy in the hand . smooth to operate . clean finish . threads crisp . this is small and well made . i like that .
solid , well made compared to those cheap imitations easy to set up and use we love it and don't worry about getting it
every bit the sharpshooter . refer to my review of stanley tra 704t 1/4- inch heavy duty staples .
i used these on mu 05 chevy 3500 and they did the job very nicely . would recommend the item for any job
this box works well . it is pretty tough plastic and all the tools i put it in it don't seem to distort it any . i would buy again
this is exactly what i was looking for in this type of tool . very compact and a great addition to my emergency supply .
good product and very usefull with my maglite . this is the secondo one i have , because the first one was lost ...
purchased for my dewalt d51276k finish nailer . worked fine no misfires . the angle of the nails were correct for the nailer . no problems what soever .
great needle nose pliers . should last a long time . the tip is serrated , so it can grip . very solid in the hand .
this is a strong easy to use driver . i grab it first every time . much better than a drill plus it has lights .
i tried to use this for goniometer but reading would not be consistent . this tool is intended for wood work only .
this kit contains many of the small sanders , grinding wheels , and polishing wheels that would cost a lot if purchased separately . good deal .
i mounted this in the inside of one of the kitchen cabinet doors under the sink , made a handy place to stuff empty plastic grocery bags .
these are great , and so warm during this time of deep freeze everywhere . thankful for the added insulation ! will be buying more .
this flashlight uses my 18v batteries and can be aimed wherever needed . inexpensive and often helpful .
this gun works good for small house projects i painted a couple house doors and they look new . i would recommend a few practice runs though .
this winch is great for pulling chain link fence tight . bought this to help put up a fence and then pull it tight .
this water quality tester is very easy to use . instructions and tables are conveniently located on back of the device .
as all surefire flashlight this is outstanding a more powerfull than its brother defender halogen bulb
this is well made and sturdy , easy to read and use , footprint is just right and charges quickly , good price point
this is a nice assortment of clamps at a very affordable price . better value then quick clamps , by far .
works well , fits good and does a great job of keeping the fumes out of me ! would get another one if i ever have the need
these locks are easy to set and use . worked well on my recent trip to maine . glad i purchased them .
really nice sharp and easy to use.perfect hole and countersink every time.then you can install a wooden plug in the hole to cover up the hole .
when cutting tenons on my bandsaw the width of the tenon is critical . this micro-adjuster is a useful aid in getting the fence position just right .
got to adjust electric heating element in the smoke house and so far so good it sets temp pretty good
these socket bits work great . they do exactly what they need to do . i have not used the , extensively , but they will do the job .
these fittings are not precision made and are very difficult to hook up . i don't recommend them . with a little muscle and effort they connect .
sliders have saved the day for us on many occasions . with sliders , moving furniture around the house is a breeze .
i love my leatherman products and the support and replacement practices are way above what other manufacturers are giving in today's global economy .
sell constructed and thick plastic . very durable and fits well . would recommend to anyone looking for a great pair of safety glasses .
can't recommend . it's just a cheap plastic box .. not worth 25 bucks . look like it cost 2 bucks to make .
smooth running ... planed oak ( 1x4 ) ... maple , even pvcsolid ... i recommend this product ... not too heavyi hate reviews with word limits ! ! !
this tool is handy for removing those pesky plastic rivets that are all over the newer cars out there today .
finding the duracell procell is difficult . i use them professionally for broadcast equipment . these are just what i needed and at a price that beats costco .
gives that extra bit of leverage you sometime need.couldn ' t ask for better quality or value . will be getting more of the mates .
very durable and nice style for a gfci receptacle . purchase separately the exact fit coverplate that has no screws . nice accent colors available as well .
if you plan on doing any type of carpenter work around the house , having a good square and accurate level are essential . this combination fits my needs .
inexpensive and works just as well as more expensive ones . color shouldn't really matter but in fact , it makes it look good too .
this was bigger than expected and very well built . it has room for lots of documents i want to keep safe .
this is a good product that i have mounted in my car . it works fine , but the range is much shorter , but acceptable .
great idea but it always falls off the handle , had to wrap it with electric tape . other than that thumbs up
these pulleys work well as long as you don't overload them . i like being able to remove the pulley from the housing . good general purpose pulley .
this is a great buy if you need socket set and this will take care of it and i know you will like it to .
great replacement set for screwdrivers that have become damaged , lost over the years . good grips and look like they should last quite a while .
used these to replace my non energy saver floodlights and these are the best value i've found so far and every one worked perfectly ! very happy !
what can one say about stables ? the product arrived on time and in good shape . they work as expected in my gun .
i got this to go with my skybell.it works great ; the door bell ... sb not so much.anyway it should work with the other one , door robot .
this was a 3 extension cord purchase . having used coleman cables before i knew that i was getting a true tested product ... one of the best .
these are the best connectors i have ever seen ! very well made and they look great ! i think you will be glad you got them .
think enough not to rip , thin enough to still feel what your doing . working in the catering industry these look very professional .
love this light . it is very bright and lasts a long time with just one battery . the flexible neck wraps around almost anything .
i found this to be the cheapest price by far on a very high quality diagonal pliers . plus channellock is a brand i trust .
not happy at all . dose not hold well at all . the switch jams on all of them and need to hit them to re less
works well . very happy with it . does what i need doing . very very useful . thank you for it . good show .
these are also a little pricey but a very nice hold-down and i actually use them more than i thought i would .
a useful tool for the home handy man . not sure if it is professional grade but it works well for my needs
the battery lasts a long time and it is very powerful ! so nice not to have to drag around a cord !
these 9volt batteries work just as good as the more expensive ones . i would , and have , recommend these to my friends and neighbors
it will cut one brick if the rpm is kept under 500 . i only needed it make one hole . buy it
if you work in a shop these are a tool you have to use at some point to hold something . have worked great for me
was not finding 60 watt bulbs to be bright enough so went to these 100 watt equivalent and finding them to work great .
works like a bag should . get the bigger one ( 06100 ) if you need the space . keeps everything organized and all together .
i gave 2 star not for bad item is for bad mistake i maked any way i don't will buy one more because the reason i don't needit .
tekton keeps putting out quality , thoughtful and handy products.these lil b's are no exception , they really do the trick everywhere !
for the price , this is a very good grinder , good power and lights point right at the object you are grinding .
blade delivers smooth cuts even in oak . i have been very satisfied with every freud blade i have purchased .
i like the small level in the handle although only use it sometimes .. drill seems well built and love the keyless chck which is metal and not plastic .
they do the job . don't like them as much as the flat stainless ones . harder to tighten .
the burnisher is a must have when placing a edge on a scrapper . i have not had any problem with this tool .
i like that it will seal even if toilet might rock a bithave had a challenge with wax seals failing on a rocking toilet in our older home
works great when plugged in . i don't worry all winter long about the pipes freezing . it just needs power to work .
i just need a small amount of hose to reach from my compressor to the extension . this worked fine and gave me the extra length
for all the small tools and odds and ends this is a wonderful storage container . it should last for years . gk
so much easier to solder now that these hold the wires for me , forgot how useful these things are until you buy one .
it works but takes a while to air up tires . i guess you get what you pay for , i should have bought one with more power .
this stuff will glue anything . perfect for around the house home improvement projects . i highly recommend this product for all your diy projects .
this is a rf not ir remote and works just fine behind entertainment center and does not require line-of-sight !
ok , i replaced toilet tank with fluidmaster often . you can't go wrong with it and the installation is not difficult .
it's great to have all the necessary bits etc . to carry with my impact driver .
very handy product . i store a few of my most used tools in here so i can just grab it an run .
this is a good set . it's the three lengths , and they're sturdy as others have mentioned . attach firmly and work well .
this flapper is starting to disintegrate just like the old one . i am expecting that it will need replacement in less than 2 years .
these are of high quality even though they did not get the job done for me , i think they are a strong and well built tool .
i bought these to replace the aging light switches in my house . these are just what i needed at the right price .
i used this drill press once and it broke where the chuck is held in place . i would not recommend it .
i use this to store jewelry supplies in and it works great to keep all of my beads and supplies in one place .
this is a great welding jacket . the sizing chart is pretty close and i was able to get the right one .
this is one of those tools you get use to having around real quick.red crane
this stand is awesome . just the right height and length . stores easy and is perfect for the saw ! ! a +
i got this set to use with my kreg pocket jig and have been very happy with the selection of screws size-wise in both course and fine threads .
good low cost screwdriver set . convenient nylon case . i'm happy with the purchase
i think it is very good . it is not heavy and quite small and it can be hold easily.very good price ! !
this works great for those tight spots that are hard to get to ... under sinks or up in the rafters ...
these are ok . nothing spectacular . i guess for the money , they're ok . i'd rather spend more money and buy a heavier duty flashlight next time .
a double sensor system is a must . ion and photo give much better protection from fire . item is easy to hang .
i could have made one . but for the money this saved me lots of time . and will save more time in the future
this is one of those emergency items you hope you'll never have to use . i keep it in the middle console in case of emergency .
worked well for us , but seems to limited to 1-3 applications before needing to be disposed of . this with some drano should do the trick !
tough . extremely bright . uses standard batteries . ( instead of those expensive exotic weird camera batteries or whatnot ) what more do you need to know ?
nothing beats this stuff for gluing up a new model rocket . it set the parts quickly , and it certainly is durable for multiple flights .
been using outdoors under roof for about a year now . good sensitivity and brightness but light doesn't stay on long enough .
foam on one side with an adhesive strip to hold the insulation in place.this will reduce air leakage around the a / c unit .
this headlamp really illuminates the dark areas i work in while minimizing shadows in compartments . very pleased with this product .
this is ideal for boring small holes by hand . this thing is very well made and great quality . hard to top this pin vise .
these brackets work very well . i use them to hold up a small wood shelf . very nice because they're very unobtrusive , yet sturdy enough .
perfect upgrade for my old drill set . number was incremented by a couple of digits so i called makita . slightly more powerful and worked perfectly.good buy ! !
this drill is one of the reasons that b & d has a great reputation . lots of power , good battery life and easy to use .
it says " klein " on it , so you know it works and you don't have to replace it several times a year . just buy it .
looks better than picturebut no more than price ! its ok ! for this price , i've bought several more for gift
the hc9x12 heat cloth is everything it was intended for . i use the heat cloth to absorb flames when soldering copper pipe . never failed me yet .
this is to replace a plastic shower hose that has cracked and began leaking in many places . this being metal encased , maybe it will hold up longer .
good product as has been the results from all filtrete stuff . easy to install and mount . and easy to swap filters .
good price . it was exactly what i ordered and arrived on time . i was happy with my purchase and will continue to purchase in the future .
i use this for the block heater on my car . it's heavy duty and works great . i've had it for 2 years and it's still working perfect .
can't live without this stuff if you are into any kind of craft painting . it is the perfect protective finish .
i would have given this assortment 5 stars if the container was one piece rather than 8 individual boxes with the tester floating free and subject to damage .
works well . very happy with it . does what i need doing . better than i thought it would be . handles all situations .
have not used it yet but it looks nice and i'm sure it will fulfil my needs and i may need to buy another one !
these pliers are a must have for anyone who uses a mig welder . it puts all of the most needed tools right in the palm of your hand .
that's the word i would describe them in . i got the pivoting wide angle bessey pads that make them all that much better .
these have worked great for all my sanding activities , blocks the dust well and do not get all swampy hot .
so far no problems . alot of power for this little tool . i would highly recommend to anyone looking for a half way decent one .
kind of early to tell since i've used only one bit in the collection . dewalt usually makes decnet products so i'm sure the product should meet my expectations .
good marking tool . it is sharp and very easy to hold . make sure you are right handed when purchasing . good tool .
used it to cut in around the ceiling and to do touch ups . i hate using painters tape . didnt need to with this brush .
this is a nice comfortable cloth like mask you can wear indoors or out . it fits snugly but is not binding .
these are far cheaper than going to ace and getting an item at a huge markup . should work well for most of my projects .
this is an excellent product easy to use on my three block sanders . i keep all grits in stock . the adhesive does not dry out .
this extension can't hold a bit without spinning and the need to use the allen wrench is a pain . looking for a self-locking type now .
cuts smooth on hardwood plywood on radial arm saw . freud makes good blades at a reasonable price . coating helps prevent buildup on saw blade .
you see a construction project going on ... use this where you park ... save a tire and the inconvinience of having to fix / replace it
i bought one for myself and was so impressed with it . i got one for my uncle . batteries last better than the last two drills i owned .
dupont makes a quality suit with hood and booties for less than i bought a plain one at the retail store ... great buy !
it is always handy to have extra screwing bit sets around , i really tear them up and / or lose them . black and decker makes quality products
i have and will use these bad boys for a long while . they are strong and just what i needed .
it was an easy pick bosch dependability new battieres and is confortable to use and ajust something many people don't do
this flashlight is fine quality , but it just did not work at all for what i was hoping for ( finding pet urine stains in carpet ) .
great for working with small items such as the arduino . solid construction and doesn't lose it's grip . can't say enough great things about this little guy .
works great . i have it near my walkway to help visitors . it is sensitve and picks up people from the drive .
this valve is being utilized on a sump pump system and is effective on opening and closing the line during use .
if your some what handy you can install this timer.if you look on the internet with this model # you can get even more detail on how to diy .
this product has great value and is convenient to use . just hang it up , put in a bur and go , it couldn't be easier .
work and it does it at a good price point . i think paying any more for such a simple tool is a joke .
great time saver for removal of t post's i didn't have to struggle to remove them like i normally have too . i would recommend this time saver
i use these to keep heavy and sharp tools organized ; good large zippers , solid construction and the size is great for a variety of tools .
then just use these ! i used those bits for my ducati ! in combo with the leatherman bit driver extension those lovely bits work like a charm !
i expected it to be a sweeping switch to adjust dimmer brightness , but it works . i installed this under my cabinets .
a must ! i have a skeletool an wave and this comes in very handy , as extension or adding an adapter for sockets .
these glasses are great . i use them when i hedge my bushes and as i do other various outdoor cleanup around the house .
it does a decent job at finding the studs in the wall , though i am not sure if it ever missed any
this is an exact replacement for my 20 year old nutone bath fan . easy repair , works great . glad there is a replacement available .
great little timer at a great price . the one i bought looks differant then the one shown but is basically the same
this is great quality , and just what we needed in the barn . i'd recommend this little guy to anyone who's needing something like this .
this collet set allows a wide usage of aftermarket bits and utensils without paying the high price of oem dremel components .
need these to have a progressively sharper edge . extra is always better . this thing i was told takes minutes possibly hours off sharping knives .
perfect ! ! ! absolutely the best quality possible and works great ! love it , love it , love it ! ! ! please don't hesitate to buy one
the directions were a little unclear but once i figured it out the system worked great . i wish i had bought a couple of more at that price !
useful tool , no problems and a good size for what it is needed for . swivel head a real help sometimes .
used this to replace a non-working smoke alarm in a travel trailer . it mounted easily and works fine . it is slightly smaller than the old unit .
the light works very well . it is constructed very well and i haven't had any issue with it . good product .
this flashlight is seriously bright , unlike most of the multi-led flashlights around.it ' s also very light compared to my aluminum flashlights of similar brightness .
the hose was good . i like it because it's all metal hose . didn't have trouble installing it and didn't have leak.so far so good !
this thing cuts through rips like butter . i'd say " glueline " is accurate . very minimal sanding necessary and little to no burning .
this shelf is very sturdy and is worth the price only problem would help to have another perso to help
nice , affordable , basic screwdriver seat . the stanley set seems well built and works could for miscellaneous jobs around the house .
i like it . strong , well built . i use mine all the time , for kreg or hold something else together .
when i was deployed to the desert we had problems getting fittings for our air hoses so i ordered these and they work as intended .
this item is a nice addition to my dremel tool for wood carving projects . indispensable after i put it in service .
nothing high-tech , here . but it is well made , and they have even managed to make it look somewhat attractive and up-scale in appearance .
requires sharpening before first use . if you can sharpen it this saw is a bargain . overall quality ir very good
was suggested to buy with the nailer set but the hose that came with the set it is really not needed .
this impact ready set is perfect for your impact drill and wrench . they can take a beating and keep going .
he was going to spend about $ 40 on one of these high end ones , but this one does the job just right , exactly what he needed .
use this with my dewalt dws 535 7 1/4- inch worm drive circular saw . great for trimming gates when i install them on my fence projects
this is not a heavy duty tripod but i don't use it that ofter and i needed something so this fit the bill .
i purchased 2 of these to save water in shower . very heavy , real metal and it works smooth and should last a long time .
i used this tape to install a shutoff valve . the tape does the job . not really much else to say .
overall : highly recommend this product . the quality and design of the utility knife is excellent . the blade stopping points are at good distances .
this has a powerful magnet , the level is nice . its solidly built and has a small footprint . i would highly recommend this product !
can remote open from great distance when needed versu standard remote opener . had install issues but finally resolved . suggested to other who installed & they are happy .
it works most of the time but i really don't need it . i wanted it to help mark other possibilities inside the wall .
worked smoothly and makes the miter saw and stand an integral unit . really makes for part of a good system .
i needed these extensions for my drill motor , i am always working with sockets on different projects and these fit all of my needs .
what can i say this product speaks for itself and is what i was expecting . it has been put to good use
thankyou i like this magnetic for my car next time i will buy more for this and save more money thankyou .
work just like they should , and they are made quite well ... looks as if i'll get a lot of welding in with these ones ...
this tool belt holder works great ! it is well made and i think it will hold up just fine .
these burrs are on the large side and good quality double cut . shipping takes a bit of time but it was worth it .
used to trued my miter saw quickly and easily . thumb wheel firmly locks position of t-bar . easy to read display .
i used this saw to cut my laminate flooring . it held up to the task . it did not get hot and was plenty powerful .
they are okay for what they are intended for . i use them with my dremmel machine to clean small places .
nice quality for the price and worked well . not a lot you can say about such a simple tool
the price is good , but i found out later that harbor freight had the better price.even so - its still a good buy and very convenient .
this is one of the best invention for ordinary toilet . it eliminates the trouble with the conventional system that breaks down once in a while .
very heavy duty tarp . it's really thick so unless a sharp object slices into it , it should hold up for a long time .
this is a great line of knives . hold their edge very well , good strength even at the tip . comfortable grip .
sharp . keeping it that way makes things predictably easier , especially in a world where there are dullards who take the edge away form your knives .
light weight and very economical.the electric brake is great , the blade it came with is very worthy.delivery on time would recomend
really an amazing piece of engineering . liquid cooling system will hopefully allow this bulb to run for all of it's 30,000 hour + life without any issues .
i really love my host for my drill it makes it easy to work specially when you're claiming in high places
worked great what i was using it for and was easy to install with the centering cone with pin that i purchase seperately
bosch bimetal blades were rated higher than those by the german originator , and this thingy lets you adapt them to fit .
this cord really helps when you have several transformers . i have also used the cord when i needed a very short extension cord .
it's such a nice little hammer . i use it for gunsmithing , and it's absolutely ideal for this . i'm baffled as to how it's so cheap .
just what i needed for holding 1.5 mm ( and smaller ) twist drills . good quality and quickly sent . recommend this inexpensive product .
as advertised . arrived quickly and work perfectly . these will work with any 1/4 " doweling kit , including the kreg and rockler shelf-pin drilling jigs .
this is one of the brightest little lights i have ever used ... every time i turn it on people around me want one ... great light ! !
i would reccomend these driver bits to anybody who needs to drive square heads screws successfully without stripping , buy some now
i had another gun but ordered this b / c of the price . it works great ! pleasantly surprised . the dripless feature works very well .
it's hard to tell if the bit is cutting it's so smooth . no tear out , very clean surface , minimal effort .
they are bright ! looks like daylight when they come on . solid construction unlike cheap ones . they will brighten up your life !
these batteries have not lasted as long as the original nicad batteries they replace . my drill has very little torque or duration even immediately after charging .
i have three vacuums and it is nice to just swap out the filter and just keep vacuuming . your production level remains high .
was purchased to replace table lamp bulb . the baseof this bulb gets hot and have replaced it.will not purchasing anymore of this design .
it does a good job of touch up the only problem is that it doesn't self level . you have to be very careful you put it on smoothly .
why can't i just say ... good piece , we purchase them often for our outside lighting needs and they last a long time and give a good light .
these are cheap . but i like having them on my work bench for easy access . color is always good too .
this item is made with great quality , pros : - lightweight - accurate - solid - well scaled , both side - no conshighly recommended
seems like a nice set although i haven't had the need to use it yet . the stand will be handy for organizing them
there's a strange base that does not appear in the picture . quality seemed okay , juat different than pictured . we returned the lamp .
great goggles with a very comfy fit over my regular glasses . i could not be more pleased with these , even bought a set for my son .
i converted my tools and had to have a new charger for lithium . does the job and is very quick . chargers multiple size batteries .
it is coming only 3/8 " size and need to get 1/4 " connectors for water dispenser in tube , very poor connectors it is coming with it .
and will recommend it to anyone even a woman . i am a female and i keep this around so i don't rely on no man
this thing is bright ! it's a perfect little addition to my new 20v max kit . the tilting head is nice feature .
extensions work great in my drill with sockets . the fit is tight and i have had no problems with sockets coming off .
this is bright and compact . seems to be a good inexpensive focusing flashlight i will probably get more to have around .
works fine it does slow down the water pressure and it's not that long of a hose . but does what it needs to .
i thought they were reasonably comfortable , gave a wide angle of viewing . i wish they were a little more fog free if possible but otherwise very good .
excelent quanity and price for a person doing home project's better than buying more than you need @ home depot or lowes
got this on sale and find it to be the most compact kit that i have and wind up using it the most ...
good screw starter . don't need all the time , but when i do , a life saver . would purchase another if the need arises
good all around blades capable of cutting almost anything . i like metal cutting blades , because they stay sharper longer when cutting wood and sheet rock .
heavy but easy to use tool.in addition , i would like to purchase the following promotions . i believe amazon.have a nice day with .
i received these two tweezers last week i've been using it i am very please with it it's very solid and strong thank you very much .
does just as they said . very bright and lightweight enough so it is no bother . arrived as promised . adjustable headband fits comfortbly . would recommend
lots of chrome ! very thick though , but very tough . i bought the other set also . would highly recommend to others
great product until your best friend gets his dirty paws on them and man handles a delicate tool as this one is .
this is a very good set . i would recommend it to any wood worker . thank you porter cable as always good products .
the drill doctor is a great product for sharpening drill bits that makes it so easy to get it right .
still waiting for neighbors help to install this ... and i bought it many many months ago ! definitely not the easiest bike mount in the world .
however , once you figure out the non intuitive programming ... it has lots of options including 20 on off cycles which can be set for days desired .
every peace officer should have one . just make sure you get the proper rechargeable batteries for it . they do use power as well as give it .
works fine , comes with three sizes of chisels so it's very versitile , will keep this in use in my shop for years .
this is my go to solder iron and i love it . it gets hot fast and does a great job .
versatility is great , charges quickly , battery is very long lasting . durable as heck , too . the headlamp accessory is a must .
exactly as advertised.great assortment and very handy to have in the workshop.seems like i was always looking for one of these clips .
used it to loosen several very rusty bolts and the rear sight mount on a mosin-nagant that had been in place at least 50 years .
used this to grind down a 30x40 concrete pad . worked great shows about half worn but after all that grinding , it still has plenty of life left
great product at a great price . you can easily pay twice as much for half the fuses at your local auto shop .
i carry this with me everyday , everywhere.dont always have to use it everyday , but it is there if i do.the perfect multi tool in my opinion .
does exactly what it is supposed to do very well . the only reason i do not give it 5 stars is the price .
i like these because you can plug several into a power strip and only shut down one circuit at a time .
this is a great little hammer for being so cheap . very handy to have , especially when you need to hit something .
works well to chip out slag yes id buy another when needed . just wished it came with a hook to use on my welding cart
looks are deceiving ... if you don't want them to light up they are fine.but two of the failed right out of the box .
i use these detailing sponges to apply the protectant natural shine and also the nxt wax . remove / buff then with a microfiber towel .
very bright light for such a little one . i ordered extras for gifts , i also ordered more batteries and chargers go go with the light
this battery worked for our alarm system and have not had a low battery error ever since . would purchase again if needed .
works great . fit under and around my bed as hoped . solved the wall socket issue perfectly .
great product works perfect ! little time-consuming getting plate mounted perfectly but well worth the time and money invested . makes face-frame work easy .
the three different settings of 50 100 and 150 are enough for a person to choose how much light they want .
i love all the gorilla glues . just started using this brand and i love the way everything sticks so fast and holds tight .
replaced a few cfls in a fan for the dimmability . these lights dim and are very bright . would highly recommend .
great tool when needed . , it works as advertised and the small bits are real useful on tiny screws for small screws . .
i use this a a drill case for my dewalt cordless drill . holds everything including bits , drills , and the charger .
changed blades the other day . this made it easy and safe to grab hold of the blade while loosening and tightening the blade nut .
these were packed well and arrived quickly . i am happy with the way these cut . much better than my old ryobi set .
the quality is pretty good and have made a lot of soild connections . i highly recommend this to anyone needs it .
this wire welds great , for a great price . i haven't had any issues at all , very happy with this product !
this worked well for what i needed it for hope to keep useing it in the future the clamps a bit tricky
the tekton 6739 pin punch set is inexpensive , and worth the cost . this isn't high quality , but it's a decent product .
this awl is bigger and heavier than my old oem awl.it is just as sharp as my old one used to be.there ' s also good balance to it .
this is a great cord for a good price . i purchased it along with the 100 foot 12/3 cord . i doubt you would be disappointed .
i thoroughly enjoy working with mirka sanding disks ! they stay in place and last longer than competitive brands that i've used .
can now remove and replace light poles on top of roof without getting on ladder .
amazing flashlight for the price . i am a technician and i use it often and would recommend this product to all .
works just as advertised . i like that it's a larger size piece that i can use on two windows . easy to apply with self-adhesive
these work great for outlets behind furniture . prevents the cord from bending at the plug , plus it gives you more outlets to use if you need them !
so far i have had no problems and it does a very good job of showing you what your appliances are doing .
i've already used this to hammer drill ~ 10 holes into concrete . the drill makes quick and efficient work of whatever you throw at it .
fits perfectly and gives you the warm and fuzzy when your dealing with toxic fumes . comes with plenty of extra filters . would recommend highly .
i use these in my bosch sanding tool and was happy to see them available on amazon for much less than i pay for them in local stores .
this was a gift for a wedding and it was a big hit ! thanks to amazon the newly weds will have a safe spot for ... money
this is a nice toilet seat . i returned it after installing it because i ordered the wrong color . i ordered linen instead of white .
this is of course thee multitool to buy . very heavy and sturdy . blades come very sharp and sheath is good quality hard leather .
you can never have too many files or screwdrivers . i keep this in my edc . nicely made and finished for the price .
i'm sorry , these are screwdriver tips . and i haven't had to use ' em yet . i don't have to use these very often .
this works great for my apartment patio door . it could be about 1 " longer but the quality seems solid , it stays in place and looks good .
i don't get much use out of this thing but it seems a functional device for making the dremel a drill press or routing tool .
these are great for fishing or oil work . i use them to change the filter on my furnace and they hold up without an issue .
i have purchased cheaper bits in the past only to be disappointed by them breaking or shattering . these are holding up well .
and works great too . remodeling my little home , and these give the house that updated look . the style say's i've paid attention to detail .
i changed all the lightbulbs in my house to cree's . one lamp needed a 100w as i use it for reading . worked well .
this is one of the finest tools i ever used and i have used many . works just fine and does the job .
i love the fact it monitors itself and the stand is sturdy with many features . anyone with a basic iron will be very happy with this .
easy way to locate studs and electrical wiring in walls . i was able to locate live wiring in wall and avoid hitting with mounting screws .
fits and work excellent on the recommended air hammer , but the chisels aren't quite that easily removeable . you need to wiggle the chisel so it'll slide out .
it's white matches my other plates , it fits decora switches , and it is sturdy enough that i think it will last .
large steps are a big plus . easy to use once you get used to it . great price and fast shipping make this a winner .
they came on time , and as usual bosch make good stuff , i use themto prune tree , and it is very sharp and easy to sue .
this is the best so far - & i've owned several ! a great shower is truley well worth it ! in more ways than 1 ! enjoy !
works as needed , easy to one-hand . cheap but cheap feeling . then again , how often will i need to open my wii ?
light stays on for only 10 sec . too short . it is supposed to be 30 sec . sending it back tomorrow
this is the second set of bessey parallel clamps i've bought . they are so handy when glueing up panels . they are well balanced and easy to use .
12v in and 4.2 out . working great for my needs.pro ' s - compact size and simple connections.con ' s - adjustment is a big sensitive .
i'm an industrial electrician and this makes quick bending jobs fast and easy particular when the when the work area is small .
this mail box offers solid construction for a good price . seems to hold up well in the elements here near the beach .
i'm a bosch guy , but for the money these were a great buy for my f . i . l . he's quite happy with these .
excellent for a battery powered device . has good torque and speed . i suggest nickel metal hydride rechargeable batteries if you will be using it a lot .
it's a simple and cheap little ear muff , but man does it put pressure on the ol ' noggin . much more thanany other ear muff i've used .
good price ... nice lighting strength ... and holds a charge for over 5 hours . i will buy another as long as the price is good .
purchased to mount on remington model 1100 vent rib shotgun barrel and did so without any problem . very sturdy design !
it's kreg ... how can you go wrong ? i just wanted an extra set to keep at my bench and these were too good a bargain .
clamps appear to be of decent quality - certainly good enough for welding . have used these multiple times and have had no issues at all .
i got this to replace the used one that was in my tiny shower when i moved in . useful when washing long hair .
i have these bulbs in my bathroom light and they seem to go very quickly for a fluorescent bulb . maybe it's the extra moisture from shower ?
this is more floppy and larger than anticipated , however , it works quite well and saved me a lot of time and hassle on one of my projects .
i work in the automotive industry and i use these hose clamps everyday . they work well and have held up nicely . i would definitely recommend this product .
right price , does what it needs to . amazon wants thirteen more words so i will keep going until i don't have to .
delivery was fast and its easy to set the combination . easy to read the numbers . all in all its a good lock at a good price
bright and visible at a distance . agrees with my other voltmeters . good price.not weather resistant . i'd buy another one .
has lasted a good while and keeps my blades sharp in the field . small and light weight . overall a good buy .
one ausome flashlight.it will shine a beem forever , very light and easy to adjust.buy extra batteries and you will never need another flashlight . scott
good set . i needed for my hand electric screw drivers and these adapters allow use with socket set . works well .
great little level . price is right and guess what ? ? it was made in the usa . that alone will make it a quality item .
great protection and no odor leakage . i use it for painting and litter box cleaning . can't believe i've been scooping that poop without an odor mask !
we needed a cheap replacement for the spare , got just what i needed . , , a cheap replacement . hope it lasts 2 years .
very helpful at work . nice looking extension cord . not much else you can say about an extension cord ya ' know ?
very quiet , runs smooth , only problem is that i got too small a one , have since ordered the bigger one and no complaints
my dad is hard to get gifts for and he loves this set . it has every size , shape and number of what any tool guy would love .
this is a useful tool for anyone in word working where several different angles are needed . i use it when i am building bird houses .
unfortunately it's made in taiwan . unlike the larger 3/8 inch aircat that is made in the usa . but still a nice rachet for the price .
the kreg stuff is really good ... helps a lot in my workshop as a trying to be better woodworker ... go for it .
nice item , but disappointed that no pig tail was included to make the device easier to use
i like the light . it works great however i wish they would make the this model in the led version .
seems like all we do is buy batteries . charged up and works like i expected . used the drill and it held up well .
overall i highly recommend this product . what a great little light . the other reviewers were right on with this one . great settings and bright light !
got an item i wanted to open up , had these bizarre triangular screws . this set of screwdrivers was cheap , and worked great . glad i found them
not much to say about a part like this , except that it works just fine ! quick couplers are so handy . wish i would have invented them !
i was so impressed with the one way wolverine grinding kit that i added the skew attachment to my arsenal .
trim carpenter here . use these everyday for a number of tasks ... great for baseboard , and especially helpful for casing doors when fitting the miters together .
a very good product . very useful in many types of work . i find the milwaukee saws will last longer than their compeditor .
this requires a neutral . make sure you have it set up this way before you buy this switch , or have easy access to add additional wiring .
i got this for my light and its good and for the price you cant beat it since its alot cheaper then the store gonna get another one .
i paid less that $ 10 for 10 pcs ! purchased them to convert recently purchased ceiling fan lamps to regular size ..
they work great we have three in the den the master bed room and garden room we like them just fine .
lightweight .. easy to grab ... quicker charge ... gets you back to work and fits tight spots .. will not wear out arms with cordless tools ... last longer
very solid device . no messing around here . have not used it yet but will soon . mine came in black as noted in the picture .
everything just said in the title . it works and it is holding cutting quality very well . great saw for the money .
this is a good marker , a little too thick , but very usable . i had to hone the bevels , not even close to flat .
i used this to help me build a 2x4 frame . great ! ! ! really works . excellent addition to my kreg jig system .
this cover plate works well with the new style light switches and plugs . they fit the standard sized units of different manufacturers and they are much more reasonable .
great tool for gripping especially when trying to get into tight places.easier to use than the channel locks and you won't crush your fingerswhen they clamp together .
it does what it says it will do for a low price . it fit my porter cable saw very well .
i think this is a great blade for the money . they are sharp and last long - i usually wind up breaking them before they dull .
compared to my other scanners it's more finicky to balance before you can start scanning with it . however , once it's balanced it gets me on the target !
i got this to replace a lost genie remote but it's not compatible . be careful when you purchase to make sure it will work .
i bought these gloves to ride my motorcycle in the the rain . within 30 minutes of riding in a heavy rain , my hands were wet and cold .
this assortment has four types of bolts , washers and nuts that fit . the heads are all phillips and in a nice little case .
well built solid jig . more convenient for cutting tenons than installing a dado blade .
made from fairly light material ; fit and finish is ok but overall quality is not very high.good for the price .
i bought 3 of these and had to return all three of them because they stopped working . dont waste your money on this
very good product . has a key overide in case you forget your code . a little thin but would buy again . has a felt liner inside .
the little pads grip boards well and don't leave marks . i have been using them with my table saw , jointer and bandsaw .
extremely useful for transferring dowel holes to the mating piece . i can't imagine doweling without them . mine were very accurate to the hole size .
i like this flashlight since it works pretty well . i would recommend this flashlight to anyone that enjoy the brightness .
very nice set for the price . it should have a set of instructions though , to show you what shaft goes with what utensil
i wish i had gotten one of these years ago . makes terminating coax cables so easy . mine worked perfectly right away with no need for adjustments .
these tools are great for electricians and hvac technicians.the strippers are sharp . the grip is comfortable and crimping is a breeze
provides a good low level white light just right for a child's bedroom . better suited as a night light than the clean lense product .
i guess it's as good as any . i have no complaints . it works just as well as my last one from waterpick .
anyone who uses a table saw , jointer or router needs to have these in there shop , the handle being at a slight angle works out nicely
will expect this to last a long time for the use i put it to and will order another if i manage to wear this one out
i bought the receptacle to use behind the wall mounted tv i have . it was easy to install and have had no problems so far .
this light seems a bit on the yellow side . 2700k is normally considered soft white . i prefer the color rendering closest to halogen , around 3500k .
love this color went on nice matches well with my décor goes on metal well and i'm sure other things !
the pole it is on ... not so much . even with the center clip it occasionally falls down when a pet tries to go through it .
this combo has two 60 tooth blades compared to the one that sells at home depot for slightly more but has 1 60 tooth and 1 32 tooth blade .
good connectors ; easy to connect ; makes good connection . be careful - - these are for 5050 strips ; they do not work on 3528 strips .
very easy to install . great look . finish " guaranteed for life " . we hope that is true ! reversible feature easy to use .
i got this set to have with my 18 volt dewalt impact gun . a must have in my book . good stuff
it is advertised as a seal but it is the exterior toilet rubber gasket--not the interior kohler toilet seal--what i wanted and it is not worth returning .
using in the back of the house . very low profile . easy to install and position . will be using in between hostas .
this is a great item . however , i found it a bit small in diameter for a set of serious cables .
love klein tools for electrical work . very easy to use , and very accurate . i will never need another !
accurately measured my water hardness that a local technician had difficulty computing , using drops of my water into a fluid that changed colors according to hardness .
i have not used this yet but all appears normal . this brand seems well made and should work well.no worries .
this was surprizingly bright for it size and with adjustable len , it makes this one of the better , torches i have
after 10 years and six " ok " stud sensors at $ 10 - $ 15 each , i pulled the trigger on this . best choice ever .
incompatible with usb bc ( battery charge profile ) 1.2 ports , therefore limited to an absolute maximum of 1a @ 5vdc ; not 3a @ 5vdc .
use thru out the house for power outage . battery life is very long .
good variety , cut well and strong . not sure what makes a good bit but these seem to qualify ! much cheaper than buying individual pieces !
installation was a breeze , and it looks great.moen rocks ! lifetime warranty says it all ! i would highly recommend this product .
this is heavier and better quality than the lowest priced ones out there . i particularly like the 90 degree angle prong design for better fit behind furniture .
no more having to adjust weekly due to light . has auto time zone and sunrise sunset feature . worth every penny .
anyone that does anything needs a good stiff ruler for measuring . the slide make it simple to make inside measurements .
what can you write about it ? it is what it is , it works , it holds my 2x4 to the cement .
just a bit of a hassle keeping it connected but once that's done this works like a charm . good buy .
after i received this rubber hose , i use it with my paint spray to spray on my house , it is good .
these were for wall washer lights and what a difference it makes on the art and family photo . will buy as i need more .
great price for the quality ! i will be using this hammer on my ar15 maintenance as well as on musical instrument repair !
out of the box everything was flat and true . only the iron needed additional sharpening . fits good in your hands and works well .
i got this at like 3 bucks on friday sale , got a few to do as gifts etc ... seem good so far !
i have had this light for a few months its bright for the size and at a good price point .
great for drilling rough holes . you have to be careful though as its aggressiveness in drilling can cause loss of control of the drill .
there are smaller brighter and less expensive lights it is durable but just too big to carry on knife sheath .
it gets my morning brownies down the chute . can't say the same for the kohler cimarron in my other bathroom .
very quick to install ! have to tighten with wrenches is why i didn't give it five stars ! ! good value for the dollar !
ran a box of these through the brad nailer in a recent project . they held great , and the price was right .
i fits my big wrist but the fire starter does not work all that well . not bad but i have found better .
hammers are very heavy and of good quality for usual around the house use . overall this is a nice set .
no problems or issues . i used it to sand the plank on my pirate ship . i'm surprised how hard this grit is to find in stores .
high quality . sturdy . lasting rubber encasement that hasn't worn poorly in the elements nor been damaged / stripped under moderate tension or other use .
this is a great quality fan and easy installation . it is very attractive and quiet . i would recommend this and the price was great .
i use these for mowing the grass and the occasional firing of the guns and i can still hear fine . seems like a good product to me !
satisfied with this product . best if applied in several layers . apply a layer and let dry . then apply another , etc .
i replaced an older model aube timer with this model because of battery failures . no batteries needed with this timer . auto solar program function works perfectly !
i love it , i have yet to find a head that doesn't fit something . i just wish i had a power screwdriver to go with this kit .
save monies and works great to hook up trailer to home electric out let to both get ready for trips ( refrig ) and work on it while parked ..
it's an air hose . it's tough and has performed very well to date with every sign of doing so far beyond my needs .
i was looking for 3/8 " allen drivers and these fit the bill . the larger bits are 1/4 but that is fine with me .
this fluidmaster repair kit was easy to install and works very well . i recommend this kit to all in need .
great , simple solution to preventing freezing in the storage bays of a motor home . just hook a light bulb to it .
nice nails what can i say they do what they are supposed to do would definitely purchase this product again
it works well , has driven a lot of brads and staples .. nothing to make this even appear to be a recon.great deal .
i love the fact that the head is changeable from drill to sander and others , an ideal tool for all diy master builders .
for occasional use , this is great . if you want to spend more , there are other brands . made in the usa .
good product . it provides plenty of light and uses very limited electricity . i am going to purchase more of these .
had to return it because i bought the wrong one wish i could have kept it because i really liked the way it looked
easy to handle and install . did my large bedroom window and now don't have to worry about the wind this winter .
does what it's meant to do ... has a strong handle and clear mirror ... it arrived very quick .. very handy to have around ..
it worked great with my 4 1/2 inch de walt grinder tool to score concrete block before using the chisel .
the power it has makes any night job much more easier and the focus is awsome .. i recomend this product to anyone who work the need a lite .
well made , easy to install . lever operation is very smooth and effortless . matched the existing shower head and the new hose and handheld .
works very well , and a terrific value at this price . can't go wrong . replaced my day's ancient radio shack archer analog battery tester .
have them about 2wks took batteries out & charged on my charger first , so far so good.put them on top of my 4x4 posts .
i don't know why i am being asked to again review this product because i already have - let us hope i never need to use it .
hard to say much more than the unit works perfectly . stays in the grinder , holds the roloc discs , and allows me to grind / condition .
if you want to mod your devices you must have a tool like this . a specialty device hard to find now .
i really like moen products , functional , nice looking and the price is reasonable . it's a towel ring , not much else you can say .
the switch works perfectly for our needs . we now have lights to get from the shop to the house when it is dark .
this ladder hook worked great on my roof which is very high and very steep . it made working on the roof much safer and much quicker .
nice product , great value . used it to mount a light on my ar ... fit like a glove on a standard rail .
used be i am used non vacume adapter type edge guide.dust less compair with befor . i am quait happy with using this item .
put out in my router table , this ttrack bar is working like it is supposed to , with all the useful benefits .
is a good product , its built tough to have great usage , the space inside is so big , i use it for a demolition hammer .
i love these lights . i've bought one for each of my cars and a few for in the house . small but powerful
this is a very bright little light , which shows a wide beam when retracted , and will show quite a distance when extended . a good deal .
you just have to give it a little leeway in the temp if you have it against the house and the pets are not .
so far i have only used two bits and did a very good job . smooth cutting , based on the two bits used i would buy again .
i used this splice to repair cut cord that supplied an underwater lake irrigation pump . the splice was easy to use . good product .
great set of locks and very convenient to have them keyed the same . i'm using indoors . operation is smooth . no complaints .
i have yet to use but this tool looks and feels like a quality tool . i expect it will do the job when needed .
not so bad if it lasted more than a month . i would expect at least a year . this product is poor quality and won't last long .
works as advertised . no complains , easy to install and a strong hold.works as advertised . no complains , easy to install and a strong hold .
quality product---easy to use---set up was easy with the instructions and i was making dovetails in no time . can't beat the quality of porter cable .
they seem ok but the petroleum smell is very off-putting . i've seen other gloves at bed bath and beyond that don't smell like this .
on my ar16 . it really puts out a lot of light and i like how you can change the types of lighting options .
works good , battery life is not bad , about 5 - 6months if you use it regularly
i ordered this for a drill set that i had lost the charger for . once i got it , i use it for multiple tools and batteries .
solid tape measure . much larger than i realized it would be , but not disappointed . tape is very sturdy as well .
it worked great and didn't have to spend the money on a more expensive stud finder . it did the job for me .
for the price these ear muffs work great and are easy to fold up . we use them for shooting and they did the job !
bright little light , tough , and good battery life . the only thing that it needs is a pocket clip . fits perfectly in my maxpedition edc micro .
don't buy this gun unless all you use it for is putting down subflooring . really awful on vertical walls , ect .
these bits are ok , but it seems like under heavy use they get chewed up quite a bit . maybe i am just working harder these days .
the light functions just as advertised .. more of a novelty than anything , but still fun to play with , & * i am an adult ! !
nice tool . nice price . has a guarantee.been using it non stop on a project , and it has been just fine .
well built . the rugged rubber holder for flashlight is well made . can be used to position flashlight to a certain angle during blackout , plus many uses .
good to have when you have carpeted floors . it makes it easier to move the furniture around .
it is certainly a 1/2 of paint ... i used it and have no complaints about it . i would buy it again .
i'm not a gunsmith so only can say that these punches were helpful , but if it was made with hard plastic , with would be less marring .
works great , price was good . definitely not even close to as bright as a halogen version , but stays nice and cool .
purchased the stool for the garage . definitely heavy duty and perfect for cleaning the roof on my subaru crosstrek . definitely recommend for any garage !
they fit and don't leak the rest of these words are simply required by amazon and don't have anything to do with my rating of the product in question ..
one mode only - there is a better one on amazon for a similar price
these are very well made and the fancy holder for them brackets to your bench . i wish i would have bought them way sooner !
i used for a kitchen backsplash and it worked really well . it took a bit to get used to so use scrap tile to practice a few cuts .
the construction of this is very solid . it feels extremely rigid even when fully extended . i am very happy with this .
excellent kit . i could make a lot of jobs , especially places that were difficult to reach.excellent efficiency and durability . ilove it
these lugnut drives fit perfectly and were just what my husband needed . quality made product and excellant price point . do wish they had come with carrying case .
no windows phone or windows 8 support , and self bricks after a power failure ? i'll wait for a usable alternative .
i bought a pair of these several years ago and they are still going strong . i am ordering two today to give to dad for fathers day .
had the right feel and was totally accurate . easy to find in shop with a little red tape on handle
these knobs were perfect for my kitchen cabinets they are a perfect size and give my kitchen a very high end look .
these bits do not see much action although they are an excellent tool whenever called upon for any job required .
the thing does not curve . the cable is straight but seems well made and perfect size , love the handle , easy and safe .
good bang for the buck and the variety is great . i have used most of these and the metal is not cheesy .
good quality , came with all the parts needed ( minus working knowledge of electrical wiring but that is what the included instructions are for )
it is much easier to put a fingernail grind on a gouge by hand than using this device . i guess i just never mastered the attachment .
this has been a good router for me . it has good power , and the soft start works well . the controls are easy to use .
used to buy interior knobs with handles , but opted just for the knob this time . work great , easy to install , and they look good too .
for the price , it is awesome ! i wear it at the sports fields and on the job-site to carry the small items i need .
bought this for a shower head i just bought . a tad on the expensive side . but did the job really well .
before i bought this , i read over 100 reviews . i cannot add more ... a good buy for any weapon or home care
this blade works great ! last very longarrived very fast ! it is made with top quality materialsi'm buying morei do recommend this product
it feels well made . makes a good breaker bar for removing lug nuts . i wish they made 1/4 " or 3/8 " versions .
touch top and it comes on . got it for patio dining table to give a soft glow and no wires :) )
good item , shin ok good item , i did not tested yet how it is charging on light , but its ok
bought these for the kitchen remodel . love these . bought them to match the round knobs by the same company . very happy .
these are fantastic . ... my lights are so much brighter i gave 1to a friend just to tick him off , he bouht some tooo ...
love me some multi-screwedrivers ! this was a great price ... that alone was good enough for me ... well , and the other great reviews ;) great tool !
arrived on time and worked as advertised . this is extra text to satisfy your requirement even though i have nothing more to say .
this will fit the maglite well although don't try it on other more expensive flashlight as it may fit too tight or not at all .
thank you to all who reported their coo , these are indeed made in italy . they're probably the best value in electronic snips out there . buy two .
worked perfectly to get the bolt off the front diff of my 05 impreza in order to flush the fluid
my husband installed this gfci outlet next to our kitchen sink . it took about 10 minutes because there was an existing switch already there . very good quality .
well made no really break in required . great protection and easily access the trigger even on her ruger 10/22 and browinng buck mark 22 .
this bg multiplier is just a rebranded gerber suspension . tools are identical to mine , but my suspension was $ 25 new . -
worked as needed . i do recommend them . very bright and very cool . will buy more when i need more , yes .
it can never hurt to have some parachute cord handy . well constructed para cord bracelet and shipped fast . thanks " friendly swede ' .
very light weight and nice . it is somewhat hard to coil up even after stretching it quite a bit .
this is a great set of screw drivers , very complete and excellent quality . love the grips , a bit expensive but would buy again .
i don't know what else to say about these bulbs . price at local big box is $ 7.99 for four bulbs .
a collection of screws / thumbscrews and other necessary computer pieces . it is what it is , and has a lot of what it has . very useful .
even in bright sunlight the bulb does not shut off . not worth returning so i have a $ 13.00 14w cfl 60watt equivalent bulb .
this is the standard cut in box that can be used in a home that is already finished and more outlets or switches need to be added works great .
very easy to use although the pink to white transition seems unnecessary . it worked perfectly patching small holes and the directions were very clear .
i originally bought this product for a breaking bad costume . now i use it around the house when blowing leaves , etc . works well .
this is advertised as a " starter " set , but for general homeowner stuff , this will probably last me the rest of my life .
much better than any cordless saw i've had . it's powerful , light , and easy to use . not much else to say .
love these things ! i buy them for my shop techs . they all love them ! warning ! ! you'll buy tons of them once you buy one !
you can use the pin to set the thickness of the board , but the use of spacer block makes solid fixture
this belkin accessory is especially useful for electronics without " hard power " switches that continuously consume power while idling in standby .
i just received this moisture meter and so far so good . very easy to use and it allows for me to check on my lumber pile .
i use these bits quite frequently with my dremel and they are of good quality . a must when working with small wood projects
switch is easy to use , heavy duty . 0-60 min timer . has everything but hold feature . it will not dissapoint you .
this is my first da sander and i am perfectly happy with it ! it provides enough power and also has a vacuum + it is cheap and durable !
used with a makita mac 5200 and works flawlessly , no leaks . make sure to use teflon tape . anodized color is trick .
these are nice lightweight with an unobstructed view . the fit well and are comfortable to wear for extended periods of time .
this is one of the best things i have bought . works great for my needs . i do recommend this seller on items offered
just clears muzzle with my gun mount works fine also with my new bike mount lights up immediate area well within road surface / shooting range .
would have liked to have had a box but it still was a good deal . i am happy
awesome just as advertised . great quality and long lasting . i would recommend to anyone in need of pliers . five stars easy
i was a little worried about how good this would work i found out it just fine haven't been shocked yet everyone should own one
really works great . saves a lot of time , if that makes a difference to you
great quality , works perfectly for putting glock front sights on . highly recommend to anyone that wants to install their own sights !
these are strong and do what you need bungee cords to do . i would order them again if needed for anything .
it is hard to find incandescent bulbs in the stores . my wife has problems with fluorescent lights so it is great to have these available .
it works , but it's nothing special , just a simplistic battery testing tool.it is labeled properly and it functions as advertised .
fit perfect on my new homemade router table ! fit perfectly with all the accessories that i purchased while building my new router table .
these are really nice shooting gloves . i got them to help protect my hands during competition . they fit really well and are very comfortable to wear .
i like the color coding . have not used them yet so do not know how they will wear . price is great .
i used up a couple rows without a hitch . they performed very well . i haven't anything else to write about .
does the various fire types and is of sufficient size . if fire is still blazing after this complete discharge , run and call 911 .
this knife was a perfect fit to clip onto my custom leathercraft 1104 multi-purpose poly tool holder and not even notice that it's there
got these for extra connections for my sprinkler and nozzle connections they work great for easy on and off connections
you get what you pay for . these disks are pretty cheap , but they don't last very long . i used them on bare wood and painted wood .
there isn't much that can go wrong . good quality , good fit , and an excellent price . they should wear well and wash without a problem .
the only thing preventing me from giving this 5 stars is that it uses custom size dovetail router bits and not the standard sizes that i already have .
i keep this kit in my box with my cordless drill and screwdriver . the selection comes in very handy when needed .
it works as advertised . setup was easy with the " learn " button . no compliants . 315mhz = purple learn button . i would buy again .
this product is not amber when received , they are white . if you are ordering them for the specific color it shows you will be disappointed .
i love these snips i use it to cut everything and anything i can or need to cut i am a carpenter so they are nice to have .
a powerful well balanced tool , i rate it top quality . very easy to adjust angels on floor plate .
great bit for those hard to get to fasteners . reaches into the tightest of locations . good material will hold up to hard use .
finally ... we have some competetion price-wise and they do the job just as good . this tool is indespensable especially around a wooden boat .
make sure you want a heavy duty clamp if you order these . they are very beefy , heavy , and will last forever .
batteries last a while and charge quickly . not too heavy , good power . i hope it will last a long time .
we needed this cord to hook up the fog machine outside the house and it worked just fine . no complains
i like the solder because it is easy to use though it can be tough to maneuver . the 4 ounces goes fast ! !
great in terms of use , quality , and the light power source rates up there with the lights used in law enforcement .
this is well built and easy to handle , even for one person . makes it much easier to perform high work that requires horizontal movement .
i love to do finish work . i have had the paslode guns for some years now and love the freedom you get with them .
they worked fine , well worth the money . seemed to be of good quality , would recommend for anyone wanting gloves for occasional welding .
the replacement part was perfect and easy to install . it saved me a lot of money and yime to install myself .
this stud finder works great . have not had any trouble thus far with it . it was a great priced item as well .
this is a very simple mount but works exactly as they have advertised it . the price is right on this one too .
have their moments when they are the only way to go , should have at least 2 sets in your shop and a very good router pad
i knew what i was getting when i bought it . good spare to have , i wouldn't use it for my main spoon or fork or wrench .
not terribly bright but it small enough to be easy to carry and cheap enough that if i lose one i'm not pissed off about it .
bought this to get a nut off . it does the job . i feel much better after getting my nut off .
i really like these units for storing my beads and jewelry making components . i would recommend these storage units to anyone .
i got a lot of power adapters so freeing up the power strip with these power strip liberators did just the trick and cheap too .
most people wouldn't believe that a 2 cell flashlight can crank out this kind of lighting power.buy two of them - or more .
perfect ! i needed one of these and this one screams quality . plus it was cheap to boot ! get it if you need it .
my local hardware store has these for 3x the price here and the quality is just what i need for home renovation projects .
purchased this product to use with my digital multi meter . the probes worked as an excellent replacement for the original .
small , comfortable , well made , and multi-function . i won't need this every day but when i do need it it works perfectly .
i assume it's working since the balls are slowly turning colors . hard to tell , i guess , though . don't have any complaints so far .
great for pulling trim . good for pulling nails in all materials . easier to use than a flat bar . excellent product
lots of space to accomodate stuff . strong , lightweight and useful . but you can get a sears version fo about half the price .
strong impact for around the garage , has lots of torque takes nuts off be careful when tightening may bust your nut !
these are great and really hard to find at any local hardware store . now i don't have to cut off any more extensions ! :-)
thought it would be iffy under a lot of torque , but it held up for the job i needed it for . nice grip too .
goes through concrete , like stone , and rock very easily . i use 40 weight oil to fill the reservoir and have had no problems .
arrived quickly and works great ... fogs up easy but don't think you can do anything about that . would be a problem regardless ..
i thought led was the way to go until i used these . instant on , no hum and really nice quality light.used them for undercab lights and closets .
works with advertised range etc .. the plastic is cheap . it cracked while installing and i had to glue it to ensure no water would get in .
perfect product for my impact driver . needed metric nut drivers . price point was outstanding !
aside from the sticky being weak ( but this happens a lot ) , this is as advertised . outputs out decent light in small places like the closet .
i purchased these flashlights in order to have backup lighting in the event of loss of power during inclement weather .
easy to use to install drawer guides . i wish they were a little longer for 22 to 24 inch drawers .
i will buy 3 more just in case i lose this one . after a couple of weeks you get why it says fast back .
yes good uv light .. look at floor normal then turn off lights and turn this on . you wont believe what you see
for the price you just can't go wrong with this flashlight ring . high quality . i am purchasing more to give as gifts .
the filter is very good and does a great job at a higher price . like other reviews get cheaper filters but replace more often .
these oven gloves do what they are supposed to do and do it well : protect your hands and wrists from burning hot surfaces . buy two .
these sanding discs are great . they work perfectly with my black and decker 5 inch orbital sander . stay put on the velcro and have good service life .
a good value . leads appear to be well made and larger gauge wire than i expected was used by the manufacturer . well worth the modes cost .
very easy to install , it comes with all materials needed to install it except for the wrench . makes a big difference with my water quality .
made in america you can't go wrong with this i use them allot on the job working with hydraulics and they work great .
i have not used these yet , but they seem to be a quality product and will work well for tying down a bike to atv .
this works great , is thick , and a strong bond . i recommend this , will buy again , and hope this helps someone .
there is nothing bad to say ; the brand is well-known for their storage , and the product does exactly what you need it to .
it is an extension cord can't really be bad ? as long as you read the description and know what you are getting you should have no problems
as described . easily installed . correct coloring to match the rest of my house and arrived very timely . could not ask for more .
this one is good but there is no battery back up . it fits nice in the pluck and stills gives me a level of security .
it looks really finedoes its job , no greese on it toothis kind of product often has some kind of oil on it but its clean !
the socket bits perform as advertised to increase the flexibility when used with an impact driver or electric drill driver .
easy to use great color and fast drying is just some of the things i can say . also great coverage
i really like the channel lock pliers having a button to lock the channel . nice handle grips on all the tools !
if you need a good sharpening stone at a great price , this is it , nice addition to the shop , works very well .
these are some of the best strippers i have ever had . they are super sharp and feel great in the hand
fast , good price , organized for tool bag . stay sharp for as long as any drill bits . secure case .
great product . good quality , sturdy , packs away easily and is versatile.its is time to diacard my old bulky wood saw horses .
as advertised . always wanted one and just waiting for projects now . just a bit heavy .
the cut depth is about 1.5 inches id guess . still feels quite solid and great for what i need it for . good shipment and packaging .
still not bad , but i would not get more after the two i have.better choices , though these cheapies are not gonna kill ya to try .
i looked at a million of these things on here ! this was a good quality choice ! would recommend to others !
i love this entry pad . have been looking for this one a long time . very easy to program and keeps the weather out .
have used these to perform several cable end installs . cut the cable and wait for internet based ala carte television .
quick and easy review ! this hose works very well and feels like it will last a long time ! does not kink easily ! works well !
bought this for several projects in my future . it comes exactly as described , and is well built and should last .
great tool for the price ! ! i would buy again without a second thought ! !
i have bought several of these to build jigs for me table-saw , band-saw , disc-sander . anything with a 3/8 x3 / 4 slot .
i bought this set to put in my battery drill case , so i have a set handy when i needed them
great little iron - nice cord length and has some nice accessories too . price beat the competition , even retail . good buy !
if you want the best of the best , use these levelers . i have two levelers and two quick connects and i will never be without them again .
i have at least a dozen of these controllers and have never had a problem with even one . have had some as long as 2 years .
well made , easy to install , nice appearance , included the battery , and works well when tested . i would recommend this item
these bulbs are very pretty . they are sized for chandeliers . i was afraid they would look bulky , but actually , they look very nice .
if you need them , just buy them . there's really nothing life-altering or earth-shatteringly revolutionary about these . i used them for my christmas lights .
very efficient and quite easy to install . install was done in 5 min with only a drill and screwdriver . inexpensive
works well in two different arrow brand staplers . don't know if they would perform in other staplers that were not specifically designed for the t50 ' s .
excellent gloves . perfect for the operators kit . black makes it look like your standard gloves instead to blue which tells the bad guy who you medic is .
my husband has really enjoyed these gloves for working on cars , moving stuff , and at work . they seem to be holding up pretty well .
small packages run out quicker - - then , you have to stop what you are doing , go to the store , and buy more .
good buy , use them in my drill press and they work well , glad i purchased them , would recommend them for the hobbiest .
this is a great addition to my shop . best dust removal and good lighting make for a well designed product .
for the router bits that i have used they cut with ease and very clean edges . really like this set better than the 1/4 inch shank set
the same price as the local store , just eaiser to add it to my cart as i was ordering things .
this is a great product for the price . i highly recomend this product ! for hiking is a great product !
has vacuum adapter on bottom in back to clean up while you saw . could use some lighting in front and behind the blade so i added led's myself .
i needed some thing to clean up metal without scratching and this did a pretty good job . it's for finishing and doesn't scotch the metal .
it works well and the stream of water feels good . like others have stated , there are leaking issues from the diverter piece .
seriously heavy duty extension cord . not sure what gauge it is , but it is seriously thicker than the standard extension cord that you see .
i bought this set specifically for the 14 mm , for occasional use . it can handle the task . it was cheaper than buying 1 good socket .
only took ten minutes to install and works / looks great . didn't mean to but the color matches my garage door trim perfectly .
this sensor night lamp works as described . i love it but find it a bit too long for a night lamp . it lights beautifully .
this is a basic bulb that does what it is supposed to do.got it cheaper here than i could find one at a big-box store .
great product at the right price .. i was impressed by the build quality , grip , and the uniform light output . will buy again !
should have read the reviews . they do not stick and i would not buy again , recommend or even gift . bad purchase .
love this set . these are definitely 5 star tools . there are stronger sets made but not at this price . quality . durable . good grip .
good tight fit in door , no wiggle . i love the finish color . arrived in good packaging and is a quality product .
seems to work ok but it doesnt take all the bits . seems a bit must have a groove cut it it for this to work properly
not a perfect fit - would be nice to get hardware with it - but for certain uses the see-through is wonderful !
i replaced my outdoor lights with these and see a huge difference in coverage area and brightness . great product !
needed a light to inspect bores in my gun collection . this fits the bill perfectly . priced right and shipped fast .
used to open a 27 " imac glass screen off from the machine . worked perfectly . strong grip . doesn't mark up the glass .
this is a nice sturdy hard plastic seat . the description says wood but it is plastic . would buy again . comfy .
i have had it for a couple of months now . use it nightly . really love it . hope it stays a winner .
i bought this to replace my old little giant pump which died . easy to hook up , came with everything i needed and was up and running in minutes
sturdy , well-made and bring flash light . good size , but i prefer the rear button press over the twist to light feature .
needed a file on the job the other day but could not find one in tool box . ordered these . fairly lightweight but handy .
i was skeptical about the adapter because of the cardboard , but it works nicely . i will be purchasing several more of these units in the near future .
it's so good building . very soft to touch . it's very easy to lock and unlock then . very quickly too . great ! ! !
removed solder really well . seemed durable enough to last through a few large jobs , definitely would purchase again over a sponge .
used this to insulate my above ground swimming pool feeds . put it over insulation tape to weather seal it . worked very well and recommend it .
its 2/14 , and it still works every time someone or creature walks by the shed i put it on , that says it all .
just didn't work well didn't work for long did work as expected you get what you pay for . find something else
for the price they are okay , flare nuts are much better though , these could slip easily ... and damge the screw
this tool is perfect for tight spots . good power , which is no surprise coming from milwaukee . it is a great addition to anybody's m12 collection .
i like being able to charge two batteries at one time and using one charger to charge all three types of batteries i own .
holds all of the tools i use the most on the job . i don't have to carry in my big contractors bag most of the time
such an easy fix for a dead opener . the first one lasted over twenty years . saved me having to buy a complete new one .
these are easy to install . they are solid and secure . the instructions are easy to understand . i love not having to have a key !
i wish i had found this product along time ago . it works perfect , save me so many trips across the shop to turn on my shop vac .
very sturdy and a great fit make these the best safety goggles i've used ( especially considering the price compared to some brick and mortar stores ) !
ive seen them ... wanted them .. and finally got a set .. well worth the extra $ ... i will be buying more in the future
love this shower head ! it stands out because of the lever in the front that lets you get more power from the head when needed .
i am very pleased with this seat . it is easy to install and does not slide around . easy to clean .
claims to be impact capable , time will tell how it holds up . i was surprised by how small the adapter is .
i use this leatherman wave all the time when i'm on the go . the nice this about this is the bit attachments you can buy for this multitool .
nice bulb that we put in our ceiling fan that does not have a dimmer that works with cfl / led . good efficient option for incandescent style bulbs .
because of their quality i prefer leviton over other manufacturers . leviton seems to have consistently good quality over the years .
... otherwise nothing special to say : this is the perfect complement to any wave / charge
works fine but not for those with carpel tunnel . dust collection is near nill .
these work very well to trim the ends of edge banding , they get in right where you need them and cut flush .
i like the ratchet fetcher this screwdriver has , in addition it has storage for extra tips in the handle . just wish it was a little lighter .
these fit a standard socket and work fine , except they are a bit flimsy and snap if you tighten too much--so be careful !
small but very bright ! just clip it to your keys and you have a great and reliable light ! i like the fact that it uses aaa batteries .
no leaks . excellent quality . not much to say but need 16 more words to leave this review . ok , three more .
the price was right and i needed them right away so used my prime account to get them . very durable and useful .
seems to work just fine , wont really know unless you have a carbon monoxide problem , hopefully i will never have to use it .
makes it simple to focus light on work as long as there is metal surface to hold the arm . well made and very sturdy .
the best aaaa replacement batteries 6 - pack for any led streamlight & any thing else that runs on aaaa batteries .
needed to assemble lots of boxes for a move and the price was right for 4 rolls . this is sturdy standard strength clear tape .
the only downside is that now i can , whenever i want , see gross things i previously didn't know were there . everyone should have one .
i love it . it holds up to multiple uses and is of fantastic quality . i trust 3m , have been using them for over 10 years .
have these on hand for the day when they will be needed . dremel tool is quite the handy item , eh ? [ non-canadian ! ]
i couldn't find this exact kit anywhere in our home improvement stores , this was exactly what i was looking fo rand they work great !
easy way to add a lock to a door . would purchase another one of these if i decide to make any more doors in my house lockable .
it works pretty good and the temperature is not that far off on the reading plus the lcd screen is nice and clear .
this item arrived when promised , was well packaged and therefore undamaged . the price is reasonable , and the light beam is bright . i recommend this product .
this is a handy addition to any weapons collection . manufacturing quality is superb with great materials and eronomics . it may even chop wood .
so much easier than hiding extra keys under a fake-looking rock , behind the barbecue grill , etc . very easy to use and install .
this feels good and heavy . it is slow at opening compared to my other one . but nice for the price .
really small you might not realize how tiny this is but stain lasts a while so you should be ok for smaller projects . no problems , looks nice .
very happy with these . much sturdier than the standard cut-off wheels . i always have these stocked in my dremel box .
nice bright light . reaches far more than i thought it could . perfect for home , car and other uses . arrived on time .
my dog ate my last pair so i got these as a replacement . i like the design and the price was right . it was a good buy .
i purchased this as a gift for my dad , who is a professional carpenter and he has only positive things to say about it .
i use this on several belts and work aprons , so i different brands , so far this is my favorite hook
blade works as designed and certainly a must for the blade selection for fein multimaster , great for fine cut shipped fast
if your stock pad has a 1 1/4 " hole in the back this isn't the pad for you . keep looking , this has a solid metal back .
when you need a little too good to be dry.drivers are required precision can be useful yireolttae lotta time.just a few finishing is not good .
for every pound of sawdust created , this maybe captures an ounce . what's up with that ? my dewalt 705 still rocks though !
they are top quality . they hold stuff down . if you need some bungee cords get these .
can tell these are not the highest quality and will most likely bend easily but for what i wanted it for i am happy
very easy to get into tight spots for loose screws or nuts . strong to hold items.very convenient to have in your pocket .
this is the best edge guide i think i have ever used and the vacuum adapter is a god send for keeping the mess to a minimum
very nice tools . great coatings , no mushrooming of the hex heads so far.very pleased . i think you will be too .
have owned this hose for over a year now and it's help up very well . the rubber is high quality unlike some of the others on the market
not great flow . above average but not great if you have low water pressure in your house . check out the waterpik aquascape dual mode instead .
filter lasts 3 weeks then you have to replace it . do not buy don't buy unless you want to keep replacing the filter every few weeks
good holder . does what it's supposed to do . i would recommend this product to anyone looking for a broom holder .
it dose just what it is suppose to do ... no problems so far works as advertised just set the time you want and forget .
this is a basic key lockup box . it is made well and is very functional . everything you need in a basic assembly . would buy again .
the set of pliers seems a little rough compared to older tools manufactured in the usa . works as advertised .
this headlamp was of better quality than i expected . it works great and is very bright . its also compact and comfortable when wearing .
very high quality feeling breaker . i used these in my new siemens load panel and they have a much better build quality than my old challenger breakers .
it seems to be just fine so just not sure what more i can tell you built well as far as i can tell
i purchased this kit , however i would like to find drums that are 4-6 " long , as it would work better for my project .
works great , allows the use of a power drill in narrow places that i previously had to use a short hand screwdriver .
although i bought this item as a back up for my other rotary tool , this one is just fine tool that i can rely on my projects .
to short not tall enough its a good stand for dwarfs not for regular sized people guess i can add height some how
no complaints . i would recommend to anyone looking for a nice drenching rainfall shower . i combined with a handheld shower head and it is quite nice .
this is a sturday and solid tool . i have used it multiple times already and it has handled the job with no issues .
i bought the lutron lc - 300h - wh attache on-cord lamp dimmer for a track light.does exactly what its supposed to do . easy to install .
this is a direct replacement for my ro system . packaged extremely well and shipped fast . installation was a breeze . much cheaper than other places .
for soldering jewelry , this is the ideal way to get flux . no mess , and easy to control the amount applied .
this thing is so cool ! best i've ever seen . better than anyother design , and way better than using a knife or pliers !
this was just what i needed to rebuild and old lamp , worked great shipped even faster than prime usually does .
these hangers work well , my local hardware store does not carry this style . i do have plaster walls and this product does exactly what it promises ...
have not used this item yet . was planning on purchasing another leatherman but have not gotten around to it yet
these seem to be well made and at a reasonable price . i wanted to try these before i ordered the metric which i will be ow .
this tool works great for small jobs and installations . the tank is too small for anything else .
i tested all its functions . everything checks out . i use it less than i expected , but it's still good to have .
a must have for anyone who is serious about using a dremel kit with any frequency . i would definitely recommend this product ?
i do not know why it doe not work but it just not work . i think i might be one of the unlucky one .
does what i needed - lets me plug my rotisserie bbq into an outlet too far from my bbq .
i put these on my dogs for hikes and trips , as i always know where they are at night .
does a good job . got my sons lava lamp up and running again , but a little pricey for two bulbs .
lots of tools , enough that it meets my needs . i really like the leatherman tools , strongly built and last for years and good prices .
real handy for weird applications . for the price it was quite a complicate piece of equipment . i use it , with a bosch lazer level .
this is a good ac cable . these days many ac cables are bad quality junk from china , this cable is not one of those . five stars .
dont know where this was placed but it arrived covered in dust and missing the shaving catcher under the sharpener
this shelf fit perfectly in a pantry--went together easilyarrived on time and was great for the priceperfect for the point of use
this is a great upgrade from my 15 yr old mask ! ! comfort and filtering performance is great ! i recommend it .
the unit is inexpensive and has been useful for several projects . the light and magnification combo worked very well . recommended
solar-powered led flashlight w / key chain . works great have 5 of them , can't go wrong for the price .
weller ... solid and dependable . don't do what i did and get the cheap knock-offs first . this is the one you want .
works ideal on my m & p 9 , great product . i put a streamlight tlr - 1s hp on my ar and it is great also .
these were larger than the ones i use but now i have one for each size bit . i even sleep more peaceful now .
the pencils work very well and it certainly is nice not to have to sharpen the old fashioned ones all the time .
bright inexpensive flash light that uses common batteries . a basic filler for the emergency pack you you should have in your house or car .
replaced my 13 yr old firex smoke alarms with these . did have to change to the new plugs and base plates . work great !
this tape provides excellent performance on a variety of surfaces . it is the best masking tape i've ever used . it is great and i recommend it .
works well its soder and one of used for years good product that stands up to my needs and is easy to use
so far it has been working great . allows me to still use the top outlet and expand the bottom one .
holds all my screwdrivers as well as extra bits and sockets with ease . haven't came across a problem with them yet and i highly doubt i will .
for such a cheap caulking gun i had low expectations , but it worked just like i hoped and looks like it would last for home projects .
a little smaller than i was expecting , not a bad looking product though . looking forward to putting it to use real soon . the price is excellent
the quality is excellent and those are made in china . i am impressed . for few dollars you spend , you get a lot with this purchase .
plenty of other 5 - star reviews ... kreg products are great ... don't hesitate .
holds my 10 foot step ladder with no problems , saves a bunch of space in the garage and looks nice too !
i have used many many gloves and these are by far the best . they're the most comfortable and the most durable .
very protective of his hands , lower arms while he is working out in the oil / gas fields in preparation for working with fracking chemicals .
excellentsds-plus hammer drill , it does what its surpose to do and more . the case is a bit flimzy but its the hammer that matters .
these work great , i have had no problems with any of them . i have other chinese versions that i have had randomly fail .
terrible stud finder because is magnetic but in my home is very old was building in 1921 doesnt work for old constructios maybe for new houses work .
very useful most of the times sometimes too big but that why i have another set of ratchet set s
i really like this starrett brass punch set . they are costly for sure . but i would definitely buy them again .
this is easy ! ! ! what else can i say ? you get it right the first time and every time . works for me !
a nice xmas gift for someone who is handy with tools . always a good choice for that person . very pleased with item .
i needed a set of test leads for some towing / trailer wiring work and these were ideal . very high quality product for the money ...
living in chicago in the winter months can be tough . having this heater has made it a little more bareable .
i love this .. i have been using it quite a bit . excellent quality . i wish i had bought this a long time ago
good solid construction . good volume and power . easy to installl . will buy again for sure . hose is long enough . buy it ,
light weight sturdy easy to load perfect fit ... the length could of been a bit longer maybe 2 inches more other than that its perfectly good ...
i love these safety glasses , they are extremely clear and do not distort images at all , i will be buying several more pairs of these .
i bought these because i bought an emberlit stove , and another reviewer said the middle bag fit very well , true . useful and well constructed .
this stuff removes everything i tried it on so far . i bought more of it . if you have tender hands i recommend you use gloves with it .
nice light weight powerful what more can i say . this is a replacement for an 18 volt craftsman , this thing kicks ? ? ? over the craftsman
nice solid feel , smooth action and sharp blades . the guide hole is great for torpedos , just need to cut twice as others have said .
got these to replace some that had failed ( different brand ) . so far they have worked well and the color temperature is pleasing .
is great to use on the end of my heaver hose . gives me the flexibility with the nail guns that the larger hose does not .
i've only used it once , but so far so good .. i like the way it self-adjust to the different thickness of wood
beware if you have a genie garage door opener , as this won't work . guessing it is fine with proper brands .
so far so good . the machined faces are poorly faced , but flat . also found it for 50 less while shopping in my local hardware store today .
these blastgates work well and are durable ( as opposed to plastic gates ) , but the knobs are harder to use for fat fingers .
i don't have alot to say about this clamp other than to say it works great for me ! i only use it occasionally for home projects , however .
as advertised , works great and lasts a while ( unless u leave the door open ) . ge makes a great product and happily buy again .
genuine filtrete filters that work well and are well made . perfect if you want lower restriction filters to change more frequently .
used on tile back-flash . cuts a fine line compared to wider blades that have a tendancy to chip the tile .
used this to install memory and a new hd in my macbook pro . good quality and great price for a 30 piece precision tool kit . highly recommend .
pretty simple if you need one this one is fine . fit is good and plenty of filter choices and relatively cheap .
outdoor temperature sensor performs just as expected . : quick and simple installation ; provides temperature right out of the box , as soon as connected to thermostat
adapters do not fit and sizes are off . this product ended up in the garbage . look elsewhere as you will not be happy with this one .
very good , now they ride on my generator service truck waiting for use and disassembly of a cabinet or engine .
these are very handy when needing a clamp for a multitude of things along with suturing injuries to farm animals
cheap and zero non-working bulbs so far . i use them for low-voltage landscape lighting and have not yet had an issue .
easy to adjust ( which i can't say for my other one ) and is a good price too . i'd buy another if i needed it .
the description was not clear that the router adapter is not included . you will need to purchase this separately . other than this , the units work well .
i agree with the other reviewers who say that these rubber floor pads work well . they completely stopped my furniture from sliding on my hardwood floor .
quality tool , good feel . really like the grip . would recommend stanley tools to anyone looking for good tools at a good price .
very bright and easy to use , exactly what you want in an emergency . very well made of machined aluminum , and rugged .
this beautiful undermount sink is great quality for the price . i love that it came with a protective mat for the bottom
i would buy these again . you are not going to hear a thing if you have music going like i said would buy again esp for the money ...
has good holding power . somewhat limited on it's use because of how the retention system is designed . wait for it to go on sale .
i really like this seat , it went on in a few minutes without any tools . it is easy to remove to clean .
i painted this the colors of my chandelier and i get so many compliments on it . well worth the money i paid for it .
works good so far . i have not used it much but want to stop all those can you review your product emails
the bottom compartment is large enough to store all your kreg jigs . the top will hold a wide assortment of screws . worth every penny
very good for price . they work well . i use a hand drill , and almost all bits will work well when used rite .
an excellent selection of wrenches for this tired , old , retired mechanic . they are eminently suitable for what i need to do around my place .
good for small jobs , pro works on small screws well cons not very fast and battery operated batteries go quckly
works as intended , no problems . they do a very good job holding wood projects while painting . i would purchase again .
but they look pretty and come in a nice little clear pouch . i trust that they will do the job .
does the job and does it well . jabs right through my drywall ceiling and saws through it with ease . used it to install several recessed lighting cans .
came as advertised . no frills but well built and will work just fine for knocking the slag off . i ordered this as an add-on .
good , heavy duty tool bag , good quality and construction . this bag can handle a good amount of weight . would buy again .
prosgreat air flowstable base wont tip even in your truckvery quiet 1700 rpm motorconsthe only one is 77lbs its heavy
the pick up will not handle 2.5 lbs as advertised . looking for a better pickup to do the job . for the price , meh .
is not the way i excpected it it doesn't have the corner screw which can't fit my drillers . because is round .
assuming this bulb has a reasonable life span , we are enjoying the heat output from this and another bulb in a ceiling fixture .
i wk late n sometimes walk my dog , definately feel much safer now cars can see me.very hapoy with quality aswell .
does what it is supposed to do . weather-resistant . no complaints so far ; can't see why it would fail over the long haul .
this table saw with it's fold down wings is just what you need for when you don't have a lot of room to move around in .
nice sold plastic carry case for small bit's and for small drill bit.well - made and locked tight . i like it to much .
for how small this light is it is very bright . love having it for a back up . have bought a few more for the wife and kids .
works perfectly every time . combine this with the smart phone app and never worry if the garage was left open .
used this to change my wheel hub assembly . my whole set of impact sockets are tekton . these are bulletproof . great for automobile diyers .
this ladder is great . the only issue is it is kind of heavy . but we make due . with the attachments and accessories this ladder is awesome .
very good light like every thing bright all the functions work great made very sturdy and seems like it will last not fall apart
what can i say it get the job done and appears to be quality made and of course it dewalt so that speaks for itself
did exactly as advertised for my rheem water heater . worked great , would definitely recommend to anyone installing a tankless water heater system .
good product . holds up my 180 pounds ( yes , i'll lose some ) . it is easy to open and takes up little space when closed .
i have a floor lamp that was made for my great grandmother , i switched over to led bulbs for efficiency and these socket reducer worked beautifully !
this is the best hacksaw that i have ever had . it does so many different things . it is firm unlike most hacksaws . i love this tool .
a good scraper . needed to be sharpened when i got it but most tools do . not as flexible as i would like but it still works fine .
great for the price ! plastic shade yes , but looks good and super easy to hang just about anywhere you need it .
this is ideal for matching luggage items . eliminates the need for having to keep track of multiple keys for multiple locks .
i am one who buys very high end tools and can recognize quality . high quality materials and beautiful fit and finish at a very reasonable price .
my husband and i love the keypad . easy for him to instal and great for the kids going out with friends and forgetting the keys .
these bits work well for doing string inlay with a router . do not force these bits as they will break fairly easily .
yet another of these that fails to work properly but this design doesn't even try to work as the rubber stopper has only one possition ? ?
this outlet tester is great . the lights are bright and it is a solid little unit . the explanations on the top are ealso easy to read .
works great like most thread tape if applied in the direction of the threads . i would recommend this product or even buy again myself .
hose is of a very good quality , probably to good for home use , but i don't anticipate replacing it ever .
these bulbs are great this is the second time i've ordered cfl bulbs and haven't been dissappointed yet .
they seem to be good quality . i haven't had an issue with any of them yet . only used a couple though .
bought a couple of these . handy to have and a fun thing to give a 7 yr old to play with for a while .
for the price it is great i have bought a number of these and they make nice gifts plus and emergency lights left on walls or shelves
what can i say , they just go together and do so very well . you get the extra bits and a great assortment to boot.cheers
these lights work perfectly in the bedroom because they're not too bright . i wouldn't use them in a large open area , you would need something brighter .
it's very cool . haven't used it with a dimmer yet . it appears to be of pretty good quality and bright !
get it if you want it . there is no problems with it . they are sturdy and well made . two words .
used this to remove a tub drain assembly and replace it myself . this saved me a lot of money because i didn't need a plumber ! !
the bits are nothing special . but , the case they come in is nice . that is why we bought it , for the case .
we used this to control a rice-paper shaded pendant lamp that was hanging in our baby's room . it works like a charm and is worth every penny !
same high quality as other channellock tools . only issue was an abundance of oil on the tool . keeps it looking new and fresh but difficult to remove
please read mr , nlee the engineer's evaluation . his review helped expand my knowledge base for both batteries and chargers , and i thank him .
good , but lots of oil on it :( people hate oiland so do i ! they are bit tight in holder .. but its understandable
if you are an avid reader and don't want to keep your significat other up at night , this may just do the trick .
it works fine . the 4 star rating is because the cover is of lighter weight plastic than i would like to see .
i bought these to go into the wax tart burners and they work . it was a good price for as many as you get . would recommend .
it clears up , you just have to use it enough . about two hours per day for one week worked well . well worth the money .
the ernst standard wrench organizer helps keep the tool box in order and easy to find things . a must for any workshop .
it actually works really well and has other uses too . cool and worth the price . i say go for it
i purchased this as a gift and he seems to be really pleased with it . he told me it was just what he needed .
i use these with my craftsmen tools and have had no problems yet.the quality is self evident very hard steel.they are extensions and they that well !
i have used many sharpeners and this one fills the bill for convenience when out in the wilderness and ya need to touch up a blade .
the right size to supplement my other picture framing equipment . this should really be promoted with other framing tools , i think .
nice , but wish they were a bit brighter . they just don't quite have that area lighting effect , it's more to light up a particular object .
don't forget to wear a mask when using this stuff . i had to wash my face with paint thinner to get it off ..
it works well , and very handy . it helps me to repair electronic things . i paid total $ 7.52 , and it is cheep .
this little vice is just what i wanted to work on small parts on my desk . well built for the price .
great tools when in emergency . very bright light with just two aa batteries . very durable metal case and it is waterproof as well .
nice and bright , and gives-off very little heat . after seeing how well this one performed , i will be changing all my light bulbs to led.thank you .
beautiful , heavy duty and arrived timely . it really updated my bathroom and i am very happy with the product . definitely recommend .
my 2nd order . found they great to carry all the little cords , usb , bluetooth devices i have now . they pack well for travel , too .
i'm really liking this company . their ear muffs look good and work well . seem to be good quality also . i would buy again .
easy to grip and the led light is bright and clear . it appears to be well built and the batteries were easy to put in place .
these glasses fit well , look ok and make it possible to clearly see small bugs and flowers or to see the cutters on the brushcutter to sharpen it .
i use them constantly . i keep them with my impact always ready and we get in some tight spots with them.love them .
provides a small amount of glue for glueing such things as wood plugs or when you require a small amount of glue to attach mini pieces of wood .
really great router . very powerful . doesn't seem to load down when cutting . works very well with the incra lift master ii .
easy to use . found out my table saw was at 90.7 degrees instead of 90 . comes with an extra battery .
this is a great stapler and does a great job with staples and brad nails . highy recommend this item for home use .
buy them , they work . flexible for ' finger use ' and protective of hands . well worth price and very similar to more expensive products .
got this for my brother-in-law along with nylon cover . he loved it ! leatherman is a great product too ! very pleased !
blades work well , as a matter of fact better than i thought they would . very pleased with the performance and price i paid for the blades .
i used these in my nailer when i replaced all my baseboard in our home . they worked great with no jamming or problems .
a heavy duty tool for it's size . i have had a similar tool for many years.this is a heavier and much better
works as advertised and is as advertised . i use it for quick layouts and non-precision oriented projects and it works fine .
fits all my inspection tools and more . is very durable and designed well . the main compartment opens wide to fit just about anything in it !
we use blades up like toilet paper , and these are sharp , durable and a good value . arrive quickly and nice selection .
connected four 12v outlets , four led lights , and a carbon monoxide detector . great product for organizing all the cabin wires in one place .
i have alot of solar lights and to buy batts elswhere would break you . thease are great and last untill next morning , a good buy
this is a great square , perfectly square and nice to use - has a good feel to it . highly recommended .
handy for the kit , never know when you may need those few inches to reach that critical screw . in reality probably will never use it though .
this powersmith ash vacuum works great . it is easy to use and small and compact . i recommend this to anyone with a fireplace or wood stove .
it's what you would think . nothing unexpected , 15 was a minimum order so i've got enough to last me a lifetime i guess :-) .
wonderful product that performs perfectly every time . the variable speed is great for different applications and the two bases gives you more options .
if you work with saws , routers , etc , you know how important safety is . this set is excellent . hightly recommend to anyone .
this bit pack along with a leatherman that will accept them is like having a toolbox in your pocket . get it .
they work great and do the job without scratching my hardwood floors . i keep a number on hand for my moving furniture needs .
cuts through anything ! nearly 2x as thick as a normal disk meaning you have good lateral strength along with axial cutting .
works great . now i can get really close with whatever chisel i'm using . should have bought one sooner . i recomend .
same hue as the rest of the bulbs in my ceiling rail fixture , so i was happy about that.will see how long they last .
i own this for 3 years and it still works great . i would buy it again . 5 stars , great product
i bought this to keep my face warm and frankly it does too good of a job . i would recommend this for anyone in cold climates .
works great ! . using with my ultrafire mini cree & it's a perfect fit . should be able to fit just about any handle bar !
i used this to do a rodent clean up in my garage . if you're over 6 feet tall , 190 lbs and up , start at size xl .
i put this in a vacation house and it works and looks fantastic . much nicer than the low price i paid for it . installation was easy .
battery does what it is supposed to . i have many milwaukee products and have yet to be disappointed by them .
these are very good quality leads - what else is there to say about test leads ? ? very good quality leads
i used these for kitchen recessed lighting with halogen bulbs . nice looking switch . easy to wire and can be used as a three way or single location .
if you ever try to drill through round pieces as illustrated , you simply need this widget , or one like it .
but for the price ... i love it ... will update about the battery later ... i would say realistically it is about 500 lumens
after a few thousand board feet of oak - it still gives a good surface cut and has stayed remarkably quiet - definitely pleased
really quiet . i can only hear it if listen for it when in the bathroom . not audible outside of bathroom.lights are bright even for a big bathroom .
it works but a couple of the led's didn't work . also has some issues staying on sometimes.cheap and good for a small amount of light .
good quality stands . exceeds my expectations . would definitely make this purchase again or recommend to anyone who is interested in this type of product .
easy to install ceiling mount . mine is currently installed in the living room of my small one bedroom apartment and holds my road bike just fine .
high quality fit and finish with power switch . comes with brackets for permanent mounting . black in color with a scratch resistant finish . would buy again .
the tool , along with the sliders , made it very easy to use . i am a senior and things are not so easy for me anymore .
this works well with my dewalt impact driver . didn't realize it was 2 separate containers . overall happy with the product .
i only used these on one job when putting in some kitchen cabinets . they worked as they should and made the installation easier .
for the inexpensive price it does a good job . keep in mind its very light duty at best which fit my intended usage .
not much you can say about a plug .. its not pretty .. it works .. and tahts all one needs really i think
chinese junk with a stanley sticker ! poor casting and the grip doesn't align with the head . a $ 2 hammer at a premium price .
the little vise will work for me its just what i needed around the shop.its all good here thanks
great product . it hold the screw which makes it very easy to start drilling . no need to worry about dropping screws or slipping on the screw anymore .
we've purchased these for all the vehicles and motorcycles - the flashlight is very compact but provides a lot of illumination ! definitely recommend !
these are great for what i intend to use them for . plenty of light and saves on your battery power .
this is a great set . kit is packed with just about everything you will need including the heavy duty ratchet .
had for a while now . been working good . only thing i had to replace was tips which i just got a few days ago .
buying these things are expensive . home depot charges way too much . these fill the bill greatly , and i will buy more when i need them .
good protection , not too dark . unfortunately , everyone says i look like an idiot when i wear them . might just be me .
to be honest if you don't buy this product its because you just don't know any better but that's ok because i just showed you the way
this product met my expectations for the price and i would recommend . been using for a week . nightlight function is a little dim .
a solid design , easily an order of magnitude better then my old ryobi .
i was missing one bumper from glass top table and had to get a whole new set to protect the glass . does the job fine
excellent quality . you can tell that this is a professional tool the minute you see it . i would definitely buy it again .
i ordered 3 sets of these lights . they all worked so well i ordered another 3 sets . really makes my kitchen look great !
this pair of pliers has great stripping and cutting action . they have a great nose to them , and they are heavy-duty to withstand anything !
heater works as advertised . i use this to heat my two car garage in the winter . it only takes about ten min before the garage is hot
i needed a small supply of high quality solder . this fit the bill exactly . good quality , easy to use solder .
i couldn't afford the large plier-style crimper tool for large-gauge wires so for the money , this is a great substitute .
the quality and price of this set is what caught my attention . it's hard to find great deals like this . i'd recommend this seller to anyone !
this is the best ladder i have . i have step ladders , this is better i have other multi-ladders this one is better
one of the best tools i own ! came perfectly calibrated . a daily user that has paid for itself !
i got this account i had only one size with the tool but now i just use this one and do not need to change collets for two sizes .
bought this to have my vacume fit my ridgid sander device . works fine and would recommend to others . . .
every first-time homeowner needs tools . china and silver looks nice , but a drill and accessories fixes things for a lifetime .
if you own a die grinder then i would suggest buying one of these . its just life made easy with one of these
i replaced an old tarnished brass fixture that had been there for 8yrs .. the new light with a semi gloss blackfinish looks great and weathers wonderfully .. d strickland
this alcohol is amazing . just a couple of shots and i'm wasted . great value . lasts forever because of this .
inside the house or outside on the patio , it's that simple . control your speakers ! worth the pricethey should offer a nice enclosure for this product .
very nice rollers . much improved over the cheap ones the builder used on my doors . now i just need to find the time to install them !
the bosch blades are excellent quality . they stay sharp and are rigid enough not to bend .
solid . easy to work with and mount . if i need another for another vehicle , i would get again .
i have had a leatherman wave for more than 10 years and the skeletool has replaced it becouse of it's size and ease of carring .
easy to program . power outage has no impact on the saved program . it has been working for several month without any problem .
the wire gauge on this appears to be ~ 18 gauge and it is not the same quality as a bussman adapter but it still works good !
i never thought i would use these as much as i do , any job is made just a little bit easier with these bits on hand ...
the saw teeth dieing very fast after when you use it for few times maybe cos of the metal is too weak
so many uses for these . love that each can be easily snapped to be smaller / shorter.prefer these to the wooden ones for many uses .
the discs are fine . they are good sandpaper is of good quality . the pad sticks well to the velcro . sands wood like you want it to .
i cut a lot of plastic and some brass . i used to have to switch blades , but this cuts both nicely .
seems to work fine ; not as bright as my xl - 50 but that's apples and oranges . will find a home in my backpack now !
nice quality single pulley . haven't used the 2 that i bought yet but the quality is there . good for many uses .
good general kit of dremel tools . these work well when used in a correct manner .
this is just another great streamlight ! i work as an hvac technician and use a flashlight daily . great brand , great product !
i have two in my tool box and a couple in my work shop . it has come in handle so many times .
good for turning on and off lamps , boomboxes etc to make a home appeared lived in if you are away . wish it had a backlit display though .
nice and simple to use and set up . sharpen and go ! adjustments are a little touchy , but no real problems
can opener good , philips head screw driver small screws only , screw diver small screws only better as pry bar.small tool will fit keychain
this is my second makita 3 " belt sander and i must say this one is not near as good as the first . it's underpowered .
good ! :) but one thing you should knowcase itself is unnecessary big.so keep that in mindsome of tools are bit oily too
the micro torch has a pencil-thin flame for precise heat application . a great product but unfortunately i found it a couple bucks cheaper at home depot .
nice shelves that took 10 min to put together . definitely would purchase another gorilla rack ! make sure you have a rubber mallet when putting together .
easy to zero . only thing i'll say about this is that the adjustment isn't too tight - tends to lag when ready to mark .
bought some of these based on other buyer's reviews . haven't opened or used them as they are for emergency kits in the cars .
the dremel 2222 flex shaft tool stand is helpful when you use the flex shaft attachment , permit work for long time .
i expected more light from a lamp with so many led bulbs.not better than a one aa battery-one bulb led flashlight .
i have used these in house painting prep many times ! great product and the price is great ! i would recommend these to anyone :)
this ruler is nice and tough , but the joints make it a little tough to manipulate , the slide inside is a nice touch for small spaces .
a very useful tool to have . helps with all kinds of household and hobby needs .
this rubber hammer is really a great little hammer to have around the house when you need to pound something in .
i used this to build cabinets . the clamp worked flawlessly , the bar does not flex , and the clamps lock well
very sticky adhesive , easy to work with , a good seal . this is the best i have found in 5 years of trying .
this is so much easier than the hand pump to use and the price was right . great to transfer from gas can to generator
great clamp for your festool track saw , lost one star only for high price not quality and functionality . i recommend for any track saw owners .
bought this for a rental unit . it works fine , it looks fine . good if you need a standard piece to get you by .
this is positively one of the best ir thermometers i have ever purchased ! it is very durable and it is accurate . highly recommend .
delivered on time and in good condition . rechargeables holding up well and easy to charge . my first time with this size battery , but i'm satisfied .
works well with the zoeller pump and also got one for my other pump when installing . both are reliable and would purchase again .
great router . no real complaints aside from the wonky case that requires things to be just so to close . a nice complete package .
very nice glasses for protecting your eyes at work or at shooting ranges . reasonable price with quality built , it has very clear lens , and light weight .
don't overcharge your batteries . heard it many times.this is one way to make sure you don't . cheap and easy way to preserve your phone batteries .
i needed a cord that mounted flush to the wall and this fit my needs , worked great but a little pricey .
good quality bladed - last a long time before needing to throw out . they are a good value for the price
i can control the entire house from my pc with this device.easy to program . very intuitive.three more words are required before i can post this review :)
use these to make earplugs or add cheap earbuds for quiet listening of music in a noisy place . i love'em !
i bought this for my landscaping business to try to keep the saws sharpened without having to send them out . works very well .
it does what it says probably will not buy another but that is just me , it works fine nothing fantasic
there is a reason why dremel is used by hobbists and jewelry making--it is the best and so easy to handle .
good product that does what it says . it does leave more of a gap behind things you hang though like pictures . overall it is strong and effective .
good quality . arrived packaged well to avoid transit damage . it fits my 30 - year old fein sander with the use of an adapter .
this seems to be a very well made , robust product . i like the way the reel unwinds , locks , and rewinds .
use it on horse tack and my son's belt . no issues with sharpness or quality . i've punched some reasonably thick leather quite easily .
these are the best i have found . they are clear , reduce glare and helpful for reading maps and texts in the bright sun
i needed them to illuminate some plastic pumpkins.they flicker randomy and unevenly , which was pretty realistic.the amount of light is about right .
what else can i say . no feed problems and although a little more than the cheap brads they always feed cleanly .
i hung this in the garage and it works perfectly . it was easy to install and comes with a great starter kit . great for tools .
i beat the heck out of these at work and so far so good . i even use it to get crankshaft pulley bolts off .
wanted to try wera product . these bits stripped just like the lesser expensive ones . nice case . nice driver . just need harder material for the bits .
not a bad flashlight for the price , but the sliding zoom / focus adjustment ring is loose and won't hold it's position .
i would recommend this unit to anyone ... i like it so much i got one for the guess bathroom too ...
good set of punches , the only change i would make would be to make them longer so they would be easier to handle .
another of those tools that you don't use all of the time , but when you do need them , they're handy to have around .
as advertised . i needed drill bits and these were a good deal plus i didn't have to drive and waste gas to get them .
if you hate orange , buy these . i hate orange and wanted some cheap dead blow hammers . these are black . what mare can you say ?
this was a gift for our son in law a couple of years ago . as far as i know he liked it a lot .
if you keep para cord around you must get this . it is a must have for any go bag or pack
feels like and army / navy surplus bag . not much to say other than it works fine , no problems with the zipper yet .
not much to say , it's good ol 60/40 kester in a nice portable package . love it .
bright , compact and well constructed . i carry this in my little condor pocket pouch that goes with me everywhere . very pleased .
great for deck building and installing joist hangers in very tight places . drives a 3 1/2 inch gal nails easily .
this is exactly the same product that home depot sells but about 30 % cheaper . i would recomed it to everyone due to lower price
all i needed from this little helper is to connect multiple lamps outdoors . a nice feature is the option of covering any unused outlet !
this is not a security bit , no hole in center , if that is what you need , do not buy this product .
beautiful and rich color . one quart is not enough to do my floors . very please with the outcome and very pleased with the price .
this is a well made product . it fits the tire valve with no leakage . very well made . would highly suggest it .
" great value and tool " . these were just what we were looking for . these are used at work and the perfect size . would buy again .
these mora knives are super sharp , the scabards are ok and do the job of keeping the blade secure .. i own several of these in various styles ..
bought two for gift's and my dad and father inlaw both love them and i use mine all the time what a great buy ! ! !
i use this for when i need to level my rv . easy to read and easy to use . does the job .
if you have a jessem router lift you should have these for sure . what a joy the lift is to use
this item has good battery life if you use the larger batteries . the design is good as well as its light weight .
i don't use this gun everyday , but the times i had used it it works really well , its a hitachi.nice gun .
these are hadr to find in my area . this just what i needed to coplete my imack socket set . great product , quality service
i'm going to place it over my new kitchen counter sink ( stainless steel ) with garbage disposal ( a novelty here in puerto rico ) .
i bought this set to complete my craftmen tool set and they have worked for me , im only a weekend mechanic on my car !
great power , lots of torque , great ergonomics and just excellent all around quality ! a very good deal and terrific value !
purchased the little finish sander primarily to sand large flat surfaces after spraying sand and sealer ... works great and really cuts down on hand sanding .
i bought 3 sets for x-mas presents for the working friends and relitives . i also bought onefor myself , there great for the price.paul
we put these in the kids bathroom and we love them . the bronze color is beautiful and easy to clean .
like to carry all the time . small and sharp . nice that i can just put new blade in and go .
i bought 4 of these . best key chain button cell flashlight you can buy . has several modes of operation too like strobe and momentary .
works as described to remotely power on / off a device that doesn't have a power button on its remote .
i like this tool very much it does work great and come very handy . i can cut 2x4 wood and many more
i got as a gift for my son and he likes it . you do not want the light to be your eyes though . aim it some place else
see all the great reviews for this product . that's because its a great product . very happy with what i have received and promptly put it to work .
this is perfect for what i use it for which is small jobs around the house . it's easy to use and i love how small it is .
good for dull and damaged kitchen knives , but doesn't sharpen my ka-bar any more than factory standard . leather seems to work the best for splitting hairs .
i use it for almost everything i do in woodworking . it works ! ! ! and it's sturdy and does its job . love it .
good for small jobs . use it in ac trade to cut copper . also good for trimming bushes that are in the way
easy to install.love the look , it matches the rest of my house fixtures.very quiet blower . with two 60 watt bulbs the light is good aswell
this is a well made tool . it is not a very large blade so it is for small jobs and such
nice metric set for the accessories that are not in english . they are as described , and work just fine with my torque wrench . would recommend .
good for table lamps but i wouldn't recommend it for enclosed fixtures or for anything that dims ( it won't dim , i tried ) .
i love adding these bit holders to my dewalt tools . having this and the belt clip allows you to tackle any job on the jobsite .
works great and i will be buying another soon for another hallway . on low sensitivity it is still way too sensitive though .
great pliers , they feel fairly durable and have thin covers over the handles , awesome for taking off hose clamps on hard to reach places
wanted a sharpener to keep in my tool chest so i have something handy to sharpen my knives and this is perfect . works great , no complaints .
blade works well and stayed sharp though out my job . i plan on buying a few extra blades for my crew .
had to do some work on the follower in a tube-fed magazine and these turned it into a smooth sliding work of art !
bought these to work with the kreg jig system . quality product that compliments the pocket hole system . also cheaper here than local stores .
very well made and very easy to switch over . tips are even well made and that is a good thing ! ! works great
i like the first drill i bought i had to buy another one , one for the garage and one for the work room in the house .
i am a weekend handyman . this product is great and really helps with a lot of jobs , i get a lot of use out of this machine .
it is an easy job to replace the standard spark plug with this one for better operation :-)
light weight .. lots of power .. great value for money and bare tool ... add it to yor work force ... will get job done in tight spots ...
when the lights go out these lights come on . they work great , seem plenty sturdy enough and function as described and the price is right .
this is a marvelous tool that gives a great deal of flexibility . it is useful to sand small areas .
usb chargers have become ubiquitous and this is an awesome alternative to actually having an adapter plugged into the wall as this provides for a clean perfectly flush look .
preliminary review : works ok , and still learning how to weld ... only been welding for a short while , maybe 2 months .
if you need to make some coarse wood cuts then this will do the job .
worked well . did the job , if your looking for a cleaner and rejuvenation productthis will do the job . i would recommend this product
not much to say . it works . i like the length . it works well with a rear-view mirror mount.thumb clamp is easy to tighten .
this is an excellent quality router bit that cuts through oak wood with a clean cut revealing the sharpness of the tool .
after 1 year and still on original battery . replaced mag xl200 less bright . wished click on / off instead current turn on / off .
what can i say this stuff works ! it holds and dries fast , it cleans up easily and it dries clear . - again great glue .
im a mechanic and channellock is always my first choice for tongue and groove pliers ! they never disappoint and these are no exception .
i replaced a 10 " bench top drill with this . it's solid and sturdy
bulbs , plug ' em in , they light up . cheap . no problems . excellent buy compared to more expensive brands that are the exact same thing .
i give it four stares because it could be brighter . however i like everything else about the light . it's well built and cool to the touch .
works great , saves my fingers and is easy to use to hold them very small nails , would recomend to all of my friends
gave these flashlights to my bro and friend they were in awe of the brightness , i should have bought them chargers as well .
worked for two days and then i had to remove as it had an internal short and would not let me reset the circuit breaker
if you are attaching a lot of door locksets or other applications where you need precisely drilled pilot holes , buy it .
it has a sturdy build and is pretty heavy . electronic lock is easy to operate . i will buy another one .
good clamps , versatiles and strong , i still using ( with few issues due a bad cares or uses from rookie ) , but they work very well
great product ! item is high quality and works exactly as described . i would definitely buy this item again . east to apply tip .
this thing works great . scan with width of tube for larger areas , and with the end of the tube for precise location .
this does not have a ground connection which is almost a must for power tools . i returned this and opted for something with more protection .
compact level at a great price and one for the back pocket . what more can i say that hasn't already been said ?
punches small marks on all types of materials . does everything its supposed to . no complaints . would recommend to others as well .
i have never gotten this to connect to the rotary tool i ordered it with , guess i need to invest in that other rotary to make it work .
jorgensen 3736 - hd 36 - inch heavy-duty steel bar clamp . smooth working bar clamp . if i need more i would order these again .
not much you can say about this tool that has not been said before a 1000 times over , if you do not have one , buy one .
purchased along with soldering iron and other components as a group of tools they all work very well together . good buy .
straight forward product . works great and feels great . has a good grip so it won't slip when trying to strip wires .
bought this from geroys and there great that they dont charge an arm and a leg for shipping more than one item .. prices and quality is great ..
just a good all around well constructed cord . im a big fan . the splitter at the end is perfect for my dj setup .
ordered a 2xl version of this , and it's cut very generously in length . but around the shoulders the fit is perfect .
the item purchased was what i ordered and the service and delivery time was excellent . totally happy with both the product and service .
for the price this is a very nice cutter , it does everything i want it to do i would buy it again
well made and looks nice . sizing is an issue . they seem to run on the large size so consider sizing down .
all of them work and they are a good color . i use them in a sealed exterior lighting situation and they have performed well for the first month .
it holds the pieces of wood tightly and with the large disks , it doesn't leave marks.it can clamp a stack up to 3 " making it versatile .
i gave my husband a dewalt saw for christmas and then we had to order the blades . this is a great blade and at a very good value .
tried other punches . all garbage . you you are in the market for brass punches , spend the extra few $ $ for these . nuff said ...
dremel i wished i worked in your idea department . these are okay but your falling short on a lot of ideas .
would be great if it turned off . it does not turn off unless direct light hits the sensor . it does state it uses very little electricity though .
these are handy for a number of uses , especially in houses that don't have grounded outlets yet . works as advertised .
not much to say about a tool except that it works . no quality issues yet , and i have had it for a few months .
these blades will cut a small branch off a tree in no time . no need for a chain saw if you don't have large trees around your house .
this light give an excellent light and has a great beam . i have one in my car and one in my truck .
how excited over flux can one get ... not real but when you need it , you need it and this just works !
i use the blade on my corded bosch multi-x . it works like i expect , its up to par with the bosch and fien blades .
excellent value ; very well manufactured , easy to use , appears very precise , comes with well written instructions , a very low price .
nice finish , although quite a bit large for a toilet lever . sticks out away from the tank too much from the base . also a bit pricey .
i buy my son-in-law many tools and this one he was trilled with the size and price . he is anxious to use it .
this is ok if you want to do some very light work . it does not have much power . better products are available .
this is a nice simple jig . while primarily used for box joints , the jig can be esily adapted for other uses.worth the money !
wood glue just peels off or washed off with no problem . i don't really use the dish or wide spreader much .
i had to repair the silly key before i could use it . the plastic covered too much on the silly key
i knew these were going to be dim , but damn ir won't like one small bush right .
i use it at work it holds all my personal stuff keys , phone , pens , and lots more ! clips or belt loop .
the fat-max extends without bending up to 11 feet . it is for this feature that i bought the fat-max.and it works as advertised . i recommend the stanley fat-max
worth every penny . heats up quickly and is built very well . a must have for anyone working with electronics . would buy again .
it's pretty much like every other weatherstripping i've used in the past . i have no idea what an excellent for would look like
these are the best saws around blade will work sideways or upside down a must have if you already have the batt
slides have ball bearing glides and are very heavily made . recommend you buy if you need a good heavy duty pair of slides .
changed out kitchen faucet recently and needed to change this from chrome . took all of about 10 seconds , and was really easy to change .
these filters fit the ceiling-hung air filtration system in my wood shop . i change them every month . very happy with these filters .
takes the quick change bits and adds another capability . makes those hard to reach screws accessible a good price and good tool
what a great invention ! what a convenient product . i don't understand how i lived without it before . really , a must-have in any household .
improvements : it's much lighter , no oil , it has a belt hook and it just feels better . i would recommend it !
they worked fair . they arrived after i had all ready installed four cabinets.bottom line , i was able to get a better fit with the plain old single clamps
it's a combo padlock and it works remains to be seen as to how long it will last in the great outdoors .
got 5 and ordered 3 more and will order more maybe tonight , they don't get no better for the price , great lights
this works great and has been a big help in building the addition to our home . does the job nicely
these are way cheaper than local single pack bulbs and they are nice and bright . so far the one i'm using is working good .
i have previously rated this item , so it does not need another rating . look back at the previous rating andand you will see that is works fine
bought this with comfort flame lava rock for our fireplace and the 2 make a great combo for redoing your under log filler . great value .
i am enrolled in " medium and heavy duty truck and bus " and this is a good tool to have for that i thought .
rugged for the money . very easy to use . for most applications , i perfer this canbuckle tie downs over ratchet tie downs or bungee cords .
this flashlight is light and compact . it is bright but i do not believe it is 300 lumens bright . so a level 4 it is .
this is a great , high quality cord and costs less than if you purchased it from your local home improvement center . what a deal !
this item arrived when promised , was well packaged and therefore undamaged . the price is reasonable , and the installation was easy . i recommend this product .
and good value . you could pay a lot more for the same thing elsewhere . long lasting .
you really need this more than you think . once you follow the set-up instructions , sawing long straight cuts will be a breeze .
product did fine , was less expensive that hardware stores here . would recommend it to anybody using moen faucets . go wvu
these are well constructed and are a great value when compared to the klein brand of zipper bags which cost about $ 10 each
they work better than expected . i will be ordering more as my system grows larger . no tools needed when you want to loosen or tighten .
great for kids during sandy ... but definitely not 200 lumen ... it is like half output of my fenix e20 ... maybe 50lumens ...
extremely sturdy with the 300 pound weight limit , amazingly light . the platform is comfortable to stand on vs a regular step .
i had to get a new button to match the color of my hands free delta faucet . works . it's simple . and installed in 2 seconds .
well designed and seems well made . features are unique and it provides a wide range of lighting options not usually found on a desk lamp .
i purchased the heavy duty clamps because they work better for me , the price difference between the light duty and heavy duty is only about $ 2.00
my extension cord plugs were too small short for this to be useful . couldn't get a tight lock , had to use rubber washers etc .
i love this flashlight , very small , sturdy , illuminates much more than other flashlights i use to have in the same price range
just what i wanted to hide my 65 " flat screen cables . easy to install , easy to fish the cables thru . attractive appearance .
these gloves are must if you are cutting a lot of meat keeps you from nicking and poking yourself when cutting and de-boning
it is light weight and fairly sturdy , but not as well built as i would expect from this company . no difference from many of the cheaper brands .
same as the store but better price.came complete with molly's , screws , etc ... installed easy and looks nice in the bathroom .
works great for detecting heat and with the 120 volt connections and battery back is a plus to be always protected
love my little screwdriver ! ! ! i'm a senior citizen doing small project around the house was getting difficult but this little guy has made things much better .
the light stays on all the time . the motion sensor does not work . i would never buy another . will return it .
light is bright enough and tough enough for weapon use . it's basic and well built but nothing better than ok .
man do these saws cut . precision cut with excellent precision in a snap together carton , what else can i say .
i chose this rating because it is just 3 outlet extension cord and nothing to get one to become excited nor emotional .
they work great . was able to move heavy furniture on my wood floors by myself without scratching the floor . would reccomend them .
simple , effective , and fairly priced . a must have if you are doing a lot of pocket holes away from the shop .
i have never been disappointed with any of my makita machines . this one is no exception . it runs great and gets the job done .
i bought these along with a hammer drill and they worked exactly as advertised . excellent quality at an excellent price .
another good product from dewalt tough and work very well in the impact like them so well thinking about getting a couple of sets
i purchased these because of the brand and the good price . i recommend them to anyone needing a fair amount of aa batteries .
great price ! it is way less expensive than any where else ! works perfectly . no problems what so ever ! i'll get a couple more !
sometimes i need to hit the on / off buttons a couple times but it's fine ... it eventually turns on . worth the price , for sure .
works great on molding . both natural and mfg . wood products will stand no chance to these pushing through and holding strong . great packing .
this combo does not disappoint , works great as a spare battery and the exhausted battery is charged quickly . good back up .
received your item with no damage and fast service . it's very bright and can be used as a flashlight as an alternative flashlight
this is great ! louder than most home alarms and easy to use if you need it . it doesn't go off accidentally which is also nice .
this light puts out a lot of light and lasts a long time on a charged battery !
they are what they are . they are very small . if you want 10 " bungee cords , these will work fine . price is right .
perfect not only does the job well but made co-workers green with envy , fun bonus . shipping was superb as expected .
this item does not always work sometimes a staple comes out and other times no staple ay all . buy at your own risk .
great blades that i use with my dewalt 18 and 35v saws-all and my 12v milwaukee brand hacksaw .
been using this stud finder for about 6 months and have had no problems with it . it works very well .
i'm going to buy another one ! my buddies all want one once they've seen mine ! well worth the money and cleans up the tool chest !
this kit seemed promising , but it came with two of the larger chucks and the smaller hole saws would not work with the larger chuck .
used this nail with bostitch nailer and worked beautifully on 8 1/4 " x 12 ' hardi planks for siding - no jams at all .
excellent product and very versatile for scissors to chain saw chain to mower blades . works great with you dremel tool without removing mower blade
this unit works well in a tight space . the fact that it can be used as a screwdriver or socket makes it very useful .
im happy with this . i got this to repair my gamecube controller . and its just what i needed . i like it
an excellen light for wearing in slacks as the size and weight is perfect in an office setting . bought this in january and it's still going strong .
i have a older one but cant touch this . this flash light will show bright circle far away ( its awesome ) !
if it doesn't show actual temperature , what good is it . 10 more words required . okay , this product is a piece of ___ !
it gets hot , it glues and it melts ... what more could you want out of a glue gun ... it does what it should
not sure why i got this but it does not help . a straight edge with a pencil work better . i do not recommend this .
this little screwdriver is a must have . along with any bit set you can have easy access where space is limited . very satisfied .
great idea for my entertainment center and my wall plates behind my tv that had not studs to mount boxes to , just drywall
you can't go wrong with any stanley products . this is a very durable and high quality hammer . the price is also good .
i have ordered in total about 15 of these led flash lights and only had 1 go out on me . very strong built and bright .
ingenious clamp design , makes getting perfect corners a breeze . a must have for any one building with the kreg jig product .
great set of drivers . never been disappointed by gerber and this product is no different . quality is there for sure .
these are easy to use and a good idea to help maintain your garbage disposal . nice lemon scent . they work pretty well .
sharp and cool looking cigar cutter . nice conversation piece . well constructed with a great price . i highly recommend this product .
great assortment pack at a rather large savings over the local car parts and home improvement stores . would buy again .
nice if u need just a doorbell ... but not for me ... wireless is nice ... but i needed an intercom with this ... returned it
excellent tool ! if you haven't used this system and are still messing around with biscuits and dowels , give this a try .. you won't be disappointed .
this is a dewalt product so it does have good sturdy construction . it seems durable . my only kick is that they seem to fog up easily .
the flashlight works great and it is a very good price . it works as good as the more expensive streamlight flashlight that i have .
went on ok i think i will be ok like the range of tools that can be used . keep you in formed
this thing blows really well but i find it awkward to use . also , the hook broke off within a week .
i prefer this to a laser because the shadow cast by the blade shows exactly where the blade will cut when viewed from either side .
it's a handy little tool to have around when you need it . i wasn't expecting much , but this thing is quite sturdy .
what can i say about it ! ! i have 12 guitars - and this unit saves a lot of wrist pain ! ! !
this has added the extra security needed in our house . it was easy to install , easy to program and provides that extra safe place for valuables .
these appear to be well made and check out within a half thousandth . good basic machinist square for the money .
i guess it is hard to review staples so i would just say there were no surprises . they worked as expected .
should still use a aspirating device to suction out the larger pieces of melting solder ... then remove the last bits with this .
very handy . perfect storage container . will be ordering more in the future .
these are so much nicer looking then ones showing the bulb ( plus safer ) put off a lot of light while still keeping little fingers away from the bulb
great machine from the start , east to set up , easy to run , accurate , blades are very durable , in use everyday
the rubber grippers ( 2 different kinds for different applications ) hold securely . the handle has a solid weight to it and well balanced .
have had them for 2 weeks and they are great ! just right bright at night ! love the color changes ; they are perfect for hallways and bathrooms .
small uses same battery as drill . gives plenty of light fits in pocket great for putting in panels to work in
these are outstanding pliers built with the quality one expects from klein . they are sturdy , durable and well balanced--a welcome addition to anyone's toolbox .
high quality . flexibly line . the right length for around the house . i added the quick connectors to use with my air nailers and impacts .
didn't meet the approval of my plumber , so i sent it back , but the quality seemed good and installation instructions were clear .
great little light . fits in tight spaces under hood . i plan on buying a couple more and just leaving them in the glove box for emergencies ...
had no problems with this fan . plenty of room to install the remote . hunter makes a good product . i have three in my house now .
a impressive tools box from stanley , i buy it because i need to transport more tools.very recommended ! ...
does everything that's advertised . great flexible mask breathes easy and you can wear it for hours . a must for solvents and dust .
probably the best flashlight that i have ever owned . it is very bright when on one of the three brightness settings . small , compact and very powerful .
i like simple ! easy to install , easy to use . accurate . if thats how you like things click the buy it now button .
great little light , with a lot of power . it's perfect to keep in my console and the additional settings are great .
i sent these to a friend with a drafty condo where exterior alterations are restricted . simple basic gasket , fit perfectly , easy to install .
bought them for my granddaughter and haven't been able to use them yet , but from everything i've heard , we will love them ! ! !
tekton 3504 5 - inch precision needle nose pliers are a very good deal for the price , very smooth action . i like them .
xmas gift for anyone . it gives a bright light and works very well . one of those gifts that keeps on giving every time you use .
because milwaukee does not make a hold down clamp for its miter saws , i bought this for my milwaukee 6955-20 slider and it works .
this adjustable wrench is very handy . got this and a 6 inch one to have pretty much the wrench i need . lets hope now it does good .
have not rust , which i have a lot of files do .. made of good material , have not bent or broke yet
klein is a great screwdriver and it will outlast other brands many times over . so i highly recommend klein products .
what can you say about solder , except that it works great . leaves a clean neat solder joint . i would buy this again
this glove has lots of grip and the dexterity and feel is impressive . it is also comfortable . would recommend to anyone .
it's a solid and light hammer holder . it's single use , unlike others on the market , but it does the trick .
wire is thick but yet easy to work with and the price is right . works well with moonrays cable connector . i definitely recommend .
cheap , will get you out of a bind , don't expect them to last .
clean cuts every time shims to make the perfect fit for the price i don't know if there is one out there better for the money
this does a super wide range of pipe sizes so one tool in the bag is all that is needed .
klein . has a pretty good product . i do recommend these they are very useful for those situations where you would need a longer screwdriver .
don't bother trying to make your own zero clearance blade insert . this insert is a perfect fit and the price is right .
very useful for keeping an extra key outside the home . easy to access when needed and should deter someone from trying to get your key .
this product worked better than i had expected for the use i had intended . it eliminated the use of another connector i was using that was curved .
my friend and i picked up a rv that was wrecked . the tape was great we patched up all the loose pieces and drove it home
unit arrived quickly and well protected . i easily installed it following the recommendations in the easily understood instructions . it appears it will provide the security we wanted .
i wanted the swann lighting but this one works well . it was used for rental . the electrician said this was all i needed .
great for doing fine delicate work and the case makes a great handhold when utilizing the files and everything fits nicely in the handle .
works all the time . i need this on almost every electrical work i do with my vehicles . good price too and the quality is also good .
worked great on my trip to the gorge for dave matthews . can't complain about the price either . happy with the product
this did a great job of recoating the front of the fifith wheel trailer after i had reapired water damage
bought for edge treatment on cabinet doors . it works great and cuts smooth . freud bits cut very smooth and will last .
what a tool ! so accurate , so easy to use . i use it in my classroom ( math ) to help kids do projects in geometry .
these bits are heavy and the ends are shaped funny . should come with the extension to make these useful - instead it is sold as a separate piece .
great lite and package deal . with most being black cases i liked the different color of this one . plus it fits well in a side pocket .
nice bright light will fit in well with my other tools ! ! ! this is going to come in handy ! ! ! thanks
i got this for my drill press and it makes life much easier . i'll be ordering another for my bandsaw .
cutting small gauge fencing pieces is a breeze with this cutter . i used mine to cut several re-enforcing pieces for pouring small concrete molds .
it was a breeze to install . tested the unit and it has a piecing audible alert . battery can be easily replaced w / o removing the unit .
i was very disappointed to see the blade bcome dull after a relatively light use . disappointed ? yes ,
this is a great set at a great price . very sturdy , very nice case . would buy again in a heartbeat .
these were installed several months ago ( 3 of them ) . all are working without problems . one battery change was necessary for each unit .
these clips are okay in my opinion for very light duty chores like keeping a plastic bag closed or something of that nature .
these folding tables are a useful addition to the planer . they give one that additional work piece support that makes the job easier .
the h14 is a great headlamp for the active outdoor person . very bright and easy to change the size of the beam
this is a very high quality jig compared to others on the market . found it very useful and accurate in getting doors set up for hinges and latches .
smiths always puts out quality products , needed this one for a badly dulled knife . like the fact that it has a rod for serrated blades .
works ok , could not get the sensor to work in certain areas in my house so i use it for my garage instead .
i find these to be a lot more useful than those standard torpedo levels which generally run around 7 to 9 inches .
i like the way it collects sawdust and allows you to see how full the can i getting . no more clogged air filters
speedy shipping and the 120 - grit dustless hook and loop sanding discs look to be excellent replacement disks but i have yet to use one of them !
a good solid tool that i use a lot as a diesel mechanic , it works hard and takes the abuse that is expected in a heavy shop .
if an energy conserving dimmable bulb is needed this is a good choice . if intensity control is not required there are less expensive alternatives .
just what i was promised in a timely manner . very compact and i use it for shooting and it protects perfectly .
they do not adapt to a single power tool of mine . hard plastic , inflexible and useless as far as i am concerned .
i have used these several times now and am satisfied with the quality . i have used them on steel and wood both .
great tool . works great , but wouldn't put any kind of cheater handle in it , though with such a long handle why would u
i paired this with the camelot front entry handleset and it looks beautiful . it's a high quality product . would recommend .
another quality bosch tool . no issues to note . hard case has ample room for different blade attachments . very smooth . expect this one to last !
the utility versus cost is not there for these blades . while rated for metal , they are destroyed in one use it they encounter a nail or screw .
they look nearly white in the daylight but have that nice tan / papyrus color at night ( very much like the picture ) .
works great ... very bright and you can adjust the beam ... i like that it uses a standard aa battery so no special battery needed to order .
worked good in my flooring gun without any probems . although i didn't have a bostitch fllooring fastener they work great without misfires ...
i am the 1st in my neighborhood to own 1 of these fine drill bits . all my friends are jealous
holy bright lights batman crazy light never had that kind of power come from a little light before thanks promised as advertised
everyone should have at least one of these . you can't believe how handy these are . you will definitely be happy you invested in some .
not much more i can say other then it took seconds to attach . its a great replacement and was so easy to attach .
good product and easy to install . same price as my local stores charge for just one piece . i would buy this product again .
i really like this bench plane . right out of the box with small adjustment to the blade and this plane has worked great for me .
my girlfriend and i bought these for the kids room so they can see when they get up to go to the bathroom . they are the perfect brightness .
need extension cords and found these to be the real deal . great quality and perfromance and not the cheap kind you get at a 5 and dime .
useful for a mood light in overhead fan unit . not dimmable though . i do not recommend this light for general use .
why drive to lowes or home depot when you can purchase a original equipment replacement with a much better price without leaving home .
what can you say about a towel bar ? it works and that was what i wanted it to do . so i'm happy with it .
good overview of what's available for the dremel . use this to find out what you will use the most and purchase accordingly .
very bright and durable plus good battery life . i use this flashlight daily at work and only go through batteries every other week .
these provide reduced steaming of your glasses due to the venting . the non-vented ones enable steaming almost immediately and i've stopped buying the cheaper ones .
great for cutting pex and pvc . really does the job on pex . no added steps or silliness . simple and good .
about as bright as a match . police ? really ? wth ... i wouldn't pay a quarter for this light even if it came with a battery .
we have used these for years because they are the only brand that we can find that seals well on a consistent basis .
nice american made product . fit perfectly on the remington 870 . appears to be well built plastic material . well worth the money for a good product .
wow - for the price there is no reason not to change over to this bulb . better technology and brighter than the oem .
i turned it on and blinded my wife . she wasnt too happy , but i thought it was funny ... well until i realized - she wasnt too happy
these were great , they are very sharp and very comfortable to use . i couldn't ask for more out of a chisel .
compact and functional . works better than some larger devices i own . if you are obsessed with sharp blades , get it !
bought this for quick blade shape ups , works ok . there are better products out there but this is ok for a 7 dollar pocket sharpener .
i needed a replacement for my dewalt light i have and this did the trick . good price too and beats going to the store to look for it .
all the sizes one might need when working with small security screws , very fine quality bits , i would recommend it to all .
nice and cheap gets the job done works great for chipping away spatter or removing clay . comes pretty sharp and coated in a durable paint .
very bright very easy to install . the snapping action to link can be touchy and have to be fiddled with . otherwise very good
a good buy for a 100 ft extension cord ; it is sturdy , flexible enough , and is made in the usa .
i use these tools all the time being a contractor . this tool works perfect for siding removal has a stiff strong handle .
great idea . i installed it above the entrance to a dark hallway . now when i look out the door into the hallway i can see the person .
excellent tool for a good price . works like it should , no head wobble , and overall has helped with two builds with ten more to go .
bought this for my motorcycle tool kit , works great , perfectly small size to pack.very easy to use and get into tight spots .
saved me a costly replacement of a damaged brake rotor that had a cross-threaded lug bolt . fixed my threads and no problems with the bolt since .
i restore allot of furniture and this sandpaper comes in handy . it works great with my new black and decker multi sander .
this is a great meter for the price . you can regularly get it from between $ 2 and $ 4 at a harbor freight store .
this tool has more torque than i had hoped for . i was pleased with it's power . dewalt makes some very good cordless tools .
the only thing i didn't like is the tip that comes alongeverything else works perfect
i used these on a remodeling / demolition project . lots of dust ! the suit kept me clean and each lasts about a week of hard use .
very satisfiiled with this purchase . alot brighter than expected and the zoom feature is great i might buy a few more
if you wear one of these out , this is the replacement you need . compared to the price of the sander , it is way too pricey .
i am beginning to think what you pay for is what you get i would ask you to consider somthing else .
a well built tool . it is plastic but almost appears to be made of metal . it is a good idea to get the post aligned quickly
this was a good value.it was very easy to install.followed the instructions and was very simple.order came in 2 days . would buy again
connects 4 " dust hoses and fits well enough that i usually don't use a clamp unless the hose is getting pulled on
very well made slides and at a reasonable price . installed easy and makes my daily use of the shelves a blessing
i lose the lenth cover two time . and i found . but is not good whent i lose again.the battery is so good and powerfull
just as expected . bulbs seems to be of better quality than ge ones . not sure if they'll last longer or not .
this light provides a good amount of light at a reasonable price . plus it has the clip that is useful . i recommend it .
very pleased with this clamp . it applies lots of pressure , and the fairly deep parallel jaws allow job site clamping operations that other jaw designs won't handle .
my fault . did not read the fine print . no batteries or charger included.looks like it could be a pretty good light otherwise .
i'm thrilled with this thing ! ! i wish it came with longer lasting blades but this thing is wonderful ; i'd highly recommend it !
even on low flow these are great . definitely recommended . i bought these adjustable heads for guests that might whine but doubt any will .
it worked great to get a nice square line to lay down tile . it was great to have when putting my lines down . i highly recommend it .
i retunr it just because it does't have speed control.it ' s too noisy for the fast speed.but i don't mean there is a qualty problem
regarding this air hose , it does perfectly its job . if i take care of not damaging it , i believe it will last .
it is simple and not heavy at all ! the light is good and the zoom is good too . the price also is good !
this black light was way too cool . it was very easy to hook up , just plug it in , no wiring to mess with .
have not used any as of yet but i now they will be great.very good for the price and quantity
i had no problems with application . i found the product to be accurately described and performed as i expected it to .
i really like this tool.the most compact in its class , good ernomics , great power.but needs a better chuck , like dewalt or milwaukee's .
no problems with this charger base , it puts a charge on the lithium battery quickly and dependably . satisfied so far .
the felt is pretty easy to cut and it's good to put under furniture . but watch out , it's pretty thick , as well .
this saw works great and has plenty of power . the only time it even complained a little i was doing some wet 2x10 pressure treated at an angle .
they are great for use around the house , shop , garage , shows , business for all flashlights and other devices . low cost
the product is sturdy and i think it will last long . the most useful part is the " ring seal " to hold the input cable tightly .
this is the highest quality blade i have used in 20 plus years of woodwork .
this product is excellent it hardwires 120 volts with built in battery that recharges itself the low profile makes it the best looking smoke alarm on the market .
great lights , lots of light and easy to hang . did the entire kitchen where the lights are in close proximity and it looks great !
these lights were used to placed on a headstone as decoration . they are bright enough at night to see , and i would buy again .
is just the necesary cable to use with my hunten camera in the jungle with the another equipment and products
this only turns off half your water tank . leaves one element burning continuously ! buy the spdp timer . waist of money .
okay for one time use but the files are easily and quickly worn and fouled . size is convenient for hobby use
wiss crimper ( thought it was spelled weiss ) having these around the garage is great when needed . a welcome addition to any toolbox .
replaced my old wobble dado and cut box joints dead on and no splinters the first try after building a simple jig . great blades for the price .
i use this tool a lot . i had one break and their customer serve was perfect . i decided to buy a back up .
this safe is pretty solid . i bolted into a desk drawer and it fits perfectly , i use it to hold my smith and wesson . 45
sorry , but this is nearly double the price of msrp . i buy a lot of stuff from amazon but i'll have to go elsewhere for this .
this is a steel ruler with etched marks top quality i really like the steel rulers . highly recommend . much better than plastic ones at wal mart .
excellent charger.it charges batteries fast and it's easy to understand the charging info interface on the pack . i highly recommend this charger for charging all your dewalt batteries .
used this to cover outside receptacle where awning switch was plugged in and it works very well to keep the rain out !
this flashlight is one of those tools where i need it everyday . just like a pocket knife . the light is bright
have not gotten zapped yet - this thing seems to work . it is made in china :-(
well , i showed her and now i can nail it or screw into a solid wall and have to use anchors .
this was just what i was looking for and it made my project much easier to do and was well worth the price
i use it in my shop for use on my grinder . fits around my eyes and does a good jo of protection
the chalk is great . easy to fill and stays down amazing . works better then any other brand . use with the tajima chalk line for best results .
top notch classic design and well built hammer . light weight as well - perfect for any project around the house .
these are a pair of small lights that dont give off enough light to do anything except maybe a marker for a driveway .
best flashlight ever hands down ! flood to spot it's great as an electrician i keep it by my side everyday.durable too !
product worked well . well designed and seem high quality material . case a nice feature . good variety of sizes for various projects .
this has all the features i was looking for . the reviewers really made me step up and buy a great product .
another great product from stanley . nice to have the guard . has worked well . limited use , but has done it's job .
tested and approved by my family . water leaked and actually warned me before the leak got too bad . what a great tool !
as specified , the light output is equivalent to a 20w halogen . low power consumption and a nice halogen like light output . would buy again .
good light . strong , bright and it isn't big and clumsy . best part is it came in a 3 - pack . good deal .
i lost my last one so i was glad to see it arrive . i remember when they came with the saw but those days are long gone
bought this for my summer projects of adding back my window shutters which will require a lot of screws which so far i have not been disappointed .
neat gadget that really works and stores all the loose batteries in the house . highly recommend .
these are great flashlights . the light is bright and the flashlight is light enough to carry in your shirt pocket .
the flash light has everything for an all-around use - right size , solid build , brilliant luminance , simple , but essential features .
don't expect heavy durability . probably overseas manufacture . do the job , priced right , but very very basic and not for commercial use .
still haven't installed the item but it seems to be a well built piece ! it's perfectly as described and seems like it will work great .
i am very happy with this timer . i have it set to come on at dark and go off in the morning and it has worked flawlessly .
great bits for those wood projects to do around the house on doors and anything to do with wood . would recomend
i like the light weight of this pipe wrench . the tool is plenty strong .
this ratchet is tiny so make sure you have a regular size 1/4 " drive as well . perfect for tight situations though .
i like it so much . it is a great product and a great idea . i used it for wood and plastic and worked so good
used quite a few of these in my shop air system . they're well made , don't leak and are plenty flexible for thier size .
it's a little cheap feeling and the ratchet isn't as fine as i would have liked for times when you have limited range of motion .
great plier , well made and doesn't feel cheap . for an inexpensive plier need , this is great and just what i wanted .
i bought tree lamp three years ago , almost , and it is serving me very very well indeed . definitely recommend it .
lots of filler in the package , but for the price , a reasonable buy . two best part are the multitool and the fire starter .
yes it is cheap , and yes is is cheap . what do you expect ?
the clamps work as they should but i think the price is a bit steep , shop around cause you might find a better price .
fantastic little pump . well made and works like a charm . very low draft let's it get right down to the bare concrete floor , no problem .
i used these in my 16 gauge paslode finish gun . i love not having a line tripping me . need a 12 pack though .
great for opening letters , packages and scraping opening soda or beer bottles and if needed 3 different wrench sizes .
i havent been able to use them yet but they seem to be great quality just by the weight alone .
i am in the military and found many uses for them , i would buy more if they weren't so expensive
the shelves were easy to assemble , but not top quality or heavy in feel . steel and composite board construction , but serves well in the garage .
these glasses are very comfortable and really nice to use in bright light conditions . the bi-focal does not bother sight in normal conditions
what a treat , i wish i had discovered this years ago . its a good hygeine product and so much easier on the pooper .
used on my home addition . this is a mini palm nailer that performs like a large one ... with plenty of power to drive 8 penny nails
allows me to keep all my sockets together and keeps metric and sae sockets together and not loose in chest
this seems like a well built unit and has been making a series of wire stripping for both stranded and solid copper soooo much easier . great product !
i like the sharpness of the blade on this knife , it will cut through anything , but the handle is cheap and bends easily .
not my first one - they always hold something secure in the back of the truck . i probably could use a few more .
since the strip lights can be cut , these make splicing them using wires to extend your design without have to solder all the joints .
great price , i bought two and they work as advertised . heavy brass with washers . easy disconnect also . i would recommend
best ever in 40 years of woodworking . any one who needs a blow gun should have this one . it does not get any better than this .
if you install cabinets , you cant be without this product . it saves time and makes the job look so much better
easy to use and easy to store . always ready for fast use and retractable razor or box cutter blade is out of the way when not in use
great flashlight . amazingly bright ! lights up the dark like nothing else i own ! only drawback is that i wish it took ordinary batteries .
very flexible extension cord and it has to be the thickest one you can get and the best quality for the price .
again , if you have a dremel tool you must have this thing ( i dont know how to use it yet , haha , but someday i will )
i use this stud finder a lot because it's fits nicely in my tool belt and it works every time . no batteries required .
you can't go wrong with this purchase . this is a very well made stand . easy to assemble and stable.hope this helps .
i use this extension cord with my air compressor and it works like a charm . it's nice and flexible . the quality is great . made in usa
works without a flaw ... puts a staple where you want it . what else is there ... it just works and it works good .
how did i use the saw without these . ( my wife knows ! ) glad i bought them as they are very handy .
just do not forget to tin it ! it's great , especially for smaller electronics , smaller jobs . i don't have 5 more words to say ..
not sure if it really does anything , however , it is very nice at a great price and does look cool
this is the perfect paint for pvc plastic . i used this to paint pvc pipe where visible around our ponds .
great light for the price , would be 5 star but the switch can be quirky . great around the house but not a tactical light
expensive given you can make this for less than $ 2 with materials from a hardware store . if i knew i wouldn't have purchased it .
this is the drill for everything . my daughter will love it , she likes a corded tool as i do . this seems to be very well made .
great ear muff . i recommend this over the plug . very well built item and peltor is a will know name for earmuff .
easy to mount on existing hardware . we love the output of both shower heads . many different combinations of water spray
if you want the brightest head light for a song , here it is . i use it to spelunk , but the uses are unlimited .
this is a nice cheap set . yes it probably wont last 20 years but its a nice starting set for off hand tools .
i just started using my betteries so i cannot speak about long term performance . but the price is right and from a good brand .
just like the sockets i purchased these are great quality . i use them with my impact driver with good results .
this is like turning on a cars headlights , very nice finish and blows away any flashlight i ever saw under $ 500 dollars . smart buy ! ! !
this does its job--catches what little moisture gets past the ch air / water filter . barely notice it hanging off the dynaswivel on my rustproofing gun .
no ideal , but it is small , cheap and works well . one downside is it can not be easily turned off
pretty handy for hanging cabinets , but it could be more sturdy . maybe a wider base ? it felt unsteady when i placed a cabinet on the top .
whiteside takes a lot of pride in their products these bits have performed flawlessly and are exactly what i needed
this is just a great tool , i don't know how i lasted so long without one . a breeze to use , excellent repeatability .
it works perfectlyit does what it's suppose to doit's worth buying and spending money on . great great g
been using for months now . stlll works like new after months of use and abuse stripping parts cars . try it .
you will not be upset with these i have bought five now and they all work great and will run off one charge for six to nine hrs
just keep in mind that each leg is 16 " long . it's a big tool but quite handy for crown etc . not much use for small applications .
it works well , came with many accessories , and had plenty of power for an upholstery stapler without cycling on very often . i recommend it highly .
i use my dewalt jigsaw for cutting wood , steel and so on , it works great and its and ecelent tool for the price
these are the bigger pliers so they are much better to grip and have a non slip handle so they are very nice for heavier jobs .
beautiful fit and finish , moen a name you can trust for quality . bought for my recently bathroom freshen-up project , i couldn't be more pleased .
this set is perfect if you are needing a good multimeter and clamp meter . buy the set and save $ $
we installed maple crown molding in the kitchen and white crown molding in the dinining room , this made the job a lot easier
unlike other products that are similar this motion light acutely works like it should and is bright enough to work well
great timer for bathroom vent fans . installs easy and works consistently without problems . pick one up , you won't be disappointed .
nice clean cuts from a blade that costs a lot less than the festool blade factory blade . great replacement blade .
will always buy these tapes , price isn't too bad and you can't beat reading tape in both directions , i have 4 total
comfortable fit . good sound blocking . i use it for my lawn tractor and leaf blower . i'll use it this year for the snow blower too .
these are sturdy suede gloves.they are not so thick you could leave your hands in the fire , but who wants to ?
this is a rock solid fan , with 3 settings . ( not infinite ) like the all white , so it disappears into the ceiling .
good stuff ... easy to use and the color is accurate as well as it helps prevent rust in the future . i would recommend this to a friend .
nice fit for the dremel toolcame packaged in a plastic case so that it can be seperated from all the other dremel attachmentscuts virtually anything quickly and clean
use little power yet keep you from running into things when walking around house in the night time . good idea .
i use these cutters with my jewelry and they do a terrific job . i would highly recommend these to anyone .
the name says it all.klein is the best.extended reach and magnetic tip can be a life saver when it is 120 in the arizona shade.buy usa
tools are exactly as advertised . great package deal . storage case has plenty of room for all the tools . very happy .
it's chalk . it does what it should . it also hasn't jammed up my chalk box . nothing exciting to see here , move along .
forget what you can buy at the home improvement stores , buy this one . i've installed several now for customer and have had no failures .
good product , i like , i'm trying , and i recommend it works well , it is much easier to use , , ,
my fiance love his glasses and uses them all the time ! ! they are sturdy and well put together and the lenses are durable .
mutiple features plus rebalancing capability makes this a wise charger investment . the first li-ion battery pack i recharged took 26 minutes !
the tool is like it's advertised . it's really durable and performs very well . the down side is the blades are very expensive .
super bright , very strong , cheap , what else can i say . i would recommend this product to everyone . brightest flashlight i own .
excellent choice for warm climates , comfortable good looks and more than appropiate grip for my shooting sessions at the range .
needed this kit for the install of my new waste king disposal . worked just as i needed to mount up to my original brackets
great ladder . purchased 3 of these , no issues with any of them , and the tool tray on the top is really handy .
works right out of the box using porter and cable assorted nails from home depot just make sure the nails are 18 gauge and straight angle !
can't beat these for the money.they are inexpensively made but do look like they are cheap.others are selling these for up to $ 49 .
brighter that i expected . plenty of light for those midnight trips into the kitchen . low power so it stays on all the time
this product looks very stylish and appears to be durable , little pricey but worth it .
awesome tool , works great for the money , i would defiantly buy another one , it has very good features , it feels good ,
i needed a second set of these for another saw . great product . another good job by dewalt .
been using it for a couple of months drilling wood and plastic . no complaints at all , no , none , really , nope !
just what i needed to bring power to a work bench.seam to be well made , easy to mount to the bench
you probably don't want to eat the grease , but it seems fine in a grease gun for mid-weight applications like purging bearings and lubing threads .
this switch works great , no sparks or crackling in between off and on positions . good quality.easy to install .
added this to the lightening mcqueen sticker decal already purchased ; it looks great in my son's room ! glad he likes it !
i was not happy with this at all . not a good br30 replacement . i think someone can come up with something better .
really works well great set to have in the drill bag very happy and will work with many different drills
i've used these drill bits in both cast iron and 316 stainless steel with no degradation of the bits . these bits were worth every penny paid for them .
i enjoy this beautiful fan which moves air very well . installation went well with no problems
installation was very straightforward . the water passed by the filter tastes quite good . my only quibble is that the output rate is rather on the slow side .
the title of the review says it all . the o-ring that seals this is very flimsy . suggest buying the next step up .
item is directly as described . would highly recommend purchasing it on here . anywhere else you go it will be more
after having installed one about 8 months ago , i am getting another one for my second bathroom , need i say more ?
awesome little light that everyone should have , use it all the time from ; key in the door , something that dropped , anything ...
nice tools , good price . they take some work to get them sharp and smooth , like all scrapers . good steel for the money
great method of cleaning soldering iron ! use it for my weller stations and it works like a charm . much better than the old wet sponge !
since this is my first one i have nothing to compair it to . i do not use it much but so far i like it .
this is thinner than the wood chisels and come in handy . it's great to finally have tools that work .
i use it to build bird houses with various angle measurements . after measuring an angle it makes it easy to mirror the same angle on the other side
works great and i really beat this thing up too ! never had any issue with it . need it ? buy it !
the grip on this compact liion powered tool allows you manipulate it like a pen . ideal for very fine precision drilling engraving or polishing .
great product and great value . they work as stated . they keep my ladders safe when i am in a large parking lot .
installed over my back patio door . when motion is detected will illuminate the entire outside deck area . a good compliment to existing solar lights .
i like the dual buttons and i also like how it was easy to set up . took only a few mintues .
it is so convenient i use it every day . we also installed a black usb receptacle and purchased black usb cables to match .
looks like it will do the job i am going to use it for ( havent used it yet ) but i dont expect any problems
waited for some time to purchase this for some good reason ... finally bought and put it to use within days of receiving it . fantastic !
my favorite swiss army knife . i use it just about every day . no need for a leatherman - type tool if you have this one .
this led bulb is not fitting propery in my5d cell maglite , the rataining collar is not being screwed after putting led bulb in socket , please help ?
really very good . the powerful flashlight , which is very cheap and has long-distance lighting . will not regret . the best choice .
this is a very good product . it produces a steady bright light that you can see in the dark spots .
very easy to use . it is a bit on the large side , but the double outlet makes it fit most anywhere . i would recommend this product .
easy to install and very good looking . whst can you say about door hardware other than it looks fine . end
it works good but it made really cheap or thin and the alarm isn't very loud it like made for a tiny room or something
excellent illumination and option for red light . a professional well appointed product with normal battery usage . machined from a rugged aluminum which makes it very durable .
surprising clamping pressure for how long this tool is . it works well for holding jigs in place as well as face frame work .
i now have two of these fans hanging on my front porch of my get away place in sc . they work well year after year .
cheap carp , used it on 1/4 bolts and it's gears stripped out on the second one . may work for light stuff but don't depend on it .
added this push button as an extra and it worked perfectly with the doorbell . looks good as well to . nice additional button
a good small assortment of driver needs . some of the screw driving heads seem rather soft and have not held up as well as i would hope .
these are simple tools , but they are good quality . they have positive hold on both ends . i recommend them highly .
why dont they make this to fit a standard 7 1/4 " skil saw ? ? ?
how did i live without this ? easy install , good hardware . use teflon tape on the threads to avoid leaks . good settings hard to gentle .
i have been using these for 7 years now , i will always stand by them especially since i suffer from allergies . these really do help .
i use this to cut rope molding to fit around wood burnig projects . very easy to cut the correct angles .
this is designed for larger plastic repairs but you can use a soldering iron with different tips for smaller items.it does work well if you follow the instructions .
heavy duty . more then i expected actually . a bit heavy , but nice to know its not cheap . i recommend it
i like stanly tools for home use . they are one of the least expensive but have a little weight behind them . perfect for fixit jobs around the house
if you want incredibly cheap fing flashlights you will be in heaven over these . very simle and cheaply made , but do the job . very inexpensive .
this really works , i makes a beautiful radius in just one pass . be sure to read the grain in oak or it will tear out big chunks .
a supriseingly good night light - it is bright and the sensor that turns it on and off is touchy and fast
solid quality , good price , works great . i have not had any issues with it thus far . dishwasher safe . a little discoloring , not unexpected .
i use this to see when threading my flies for fishing in low light . i'm very happy with the purchase .
easy to use , easy to clean , versatle , very god performance one can't go wrong with it . i want another one .
you never know when you may need it . the 40 piece bit and this fit into the sheath for my wave leatherman tool
works great so far , wont really know until i run it for 2 to see if charging still works.looks sturdy
this product works as advertised . these are nice and sturdy safety glasses . i would recommend this for any project that you may have .
i love everything about it comes with a lot of stuff but had to get some extra bits ! get this !
excellent quality , fits and works perfectly with my moen shower head - allows me to sit on the shower seat now .
used this to attach some phone line to a pot , worked great and fast , little pricy but worth it i think .
if you have a laser with a 3/8 tripod mount this may work with it . if you own a bosch laser this is almost necessary .
cut thru 5 and 6 inch branches with ease . did quite a bit of cutting with the first blade and it's still in good shape and shape .
i needed oil rubbed bronze fixtures to match my bathroom and this robe hook is used as a towel hook and does the job . easy to install
makes the mrs . feel much more at ease with an easily accessible extinguisher right at hand in the kitchen . is simple to install on any open wall .
these little bulbs throw a lot of light . its a nice warm light not the stark white you typically see with led .
quality is pretty good for the price and the case is a bonus . i would recommend if you don't have to have the brand in your toolbox .
i have long wanted a staple / nail gun and a glue gun . the corded stanley is better than i hoped for .
not bad for the price . but these are more of a throw-away blade , then they are ones you can re-sharpen .
works so great , love it have used it for so many things , it small easy to handle will be buying for our other trucks soon .
i bought this because it is functional and very useful and also a great christ mas gift for the special ones
gives a nice clean , quick cut of wood molding . also great to notch out studs or plunge cut into flat stock
i use this both at home and at work . a handy , powerful magnifying glass . great magnifying glass for the price .
easy to install , and worked flawlessly with all my other interconnected kidde detectors . looks good on the ceiling . no issues with installation .
not sure about the reviews saying they got a rebranded product . i got the exact pratt-read set shown on amazon
came with two sized fittings - put a little pipe tape on it and screwed it on - works like a champ !
the card is great , makes hanging ceiling grid easier . the metallic strip fell of and i had to reattach . also found it cheaper at wall tools .
these are handy if you ever have a bolt ( or nut ) with a buggered up head . works real good for me .
works great , even when i'm not home . just set it and forget it ! very nice addation to da home . very good product .
totally love these mini cree flashlights - what a great bright beam of light ! i'm totally into lights and these work just great .
haven't started the project yet , but this will make a great slide for a slide out side table at my work bench .
so far this item seems to be well built and durable . looks good and works fine and was reasonably priced . i would recommend this product .
goes down easy and is " forgiving " of beginner mistakes . makes for a quiet floor . if i add additional flooring i will purchase this underlayment .
ease of adjustment , smooth feed and the runout tray minimizes snipe except on long pieces . lives up to the ratings .
not recommend to waste your money to buy it.not recommend to waste your money to buy it.not recommend to waste your money to buy it .
wrench may be material.the wrench has a variety of different types may be used.just a little short of the deadline .
great desk accessory , i use it over a broken mug and holds my desk supplies for studying at home . the material seems to be very resistant .
the opening is only wide enough for tiny cables ( speaker wire ) and cannot hide even the thinnest hdmi cable . the c210 model is a better buy .
got these just for fun and it is working as i expected . nothing else to say about these leds . have fun with them .
good quality and good value , would recommend as excellent value and performance . plus they looks very cool ! and , much cheaper than brass .
these night lights are a good deal . however , they stay on throughout the night . i was looking for a night light with sensor . i returned them
nice solid construction , easy installation and american made ! it really is nice & quiet . i will purchase this seat for any future replacements .
product shipped as described and worked perfect . holds pieces together tight and they won't move . adjustment is very easy
these are excellent blades and have cone in very handy and was delivered on time as stated in very good shape with no defects .
this is very well made.it was a great price too . 90 degrees and the jaws meet perfectly.buy with confidence .
very high quality tool . i like that it has a built in scriber and level . it made putting on cabinet handles very easy .
this makes dusting as fast as moving your fingers , this makes cleaning around my xbox and other electronics a breeze .
this item works as described and the price is cheap enough . i have had no problems with it . i would recommend this to others .
good price for a remote pressure switch , have used it for 9 months , solid ( reliable ) performance . would buy again for my next gun .
i hooked this photo control to an outdoor security light and so far it's working finedoes what it's supposed to do . love it !
i interconnect this unit with my wired 120v smoke detector system ( kidde sells an interconnect unit ) . it works great and was trivial to install .
mine is yellow . it works as advertised and i have no complaints . easy to read and seems well made . good stuff .
robust and strong . two bateries is very convenient . mine comes with a strong plastic case . work ligth very convenient . i'll buy again .
this is top notch ! it outshines my four d cell flashlights by far . lots of light from such a little package .
good set of wrenches for the money will last for a while nice case to keep them in also make them handy
i have a cabinet shop and have used most brands of power tools . bosch consistently is in a class by itself . everything about this drill is perfect !
various sizes , small , rugged , and easily portable in most tool bags . the perfect addition to retain small odds and ends .
a necessary part of ; my new kreg kit . i would recommend this to anyone buying the kreg machine for their shop .
best way to go , , , just got to find a nail or screw .
i love these cree flashlights ! ! make sure you get one with a zoom . i have 3 cree lights and i've gave 3 away for gifts .
work great i needed them the other day and they worked just like they say.just read the directions and they do work ! !
we have both this and the similar product from honeywell . this one is far superior . it is much more quiet and seems a bit more powerful .
this unit was very easy to install and come with a very bright 13 watt fluorescent light . the quality of the material is excellent .
pretty cool to use and great value ! use it to see component surface temps on prototype circuit boards . now to see what an ir camera costs !
this is a nice high quality outlet expander . the sockets hold plugs tight as you would want . buy this , you won't regret it .
overall a well priced kit that includes all the essentials . the harness is good quality and the fit is very adjustable .
the light really didn't do much for me . this works well but , i'd take the smaller size without a light .
great for the price and work as described , i've used them to fit larger bulbs into smaller lantern sockets , so far so good .
its nice to have small cords at times . these seem to be heavy duty ( thick ) . i am happy with them
this was just as described , nice product and it cam quickly it will work great for light just as description says
a good flashlight bulb to replace the incandescent one and seems to be brighter . i don't have worry so much about the battery ( s ) strength .
was told when doing research that i will never go wrong with irwin , and indeed this is a great buy . excellent handling .
mater came in several separate pieces making it easy to follow the number and put him up on the wall with ease .
my genie garage door opener deluxe wall console and button gpwc - 2wlb order came as expected with no problems and it works just fine .
the same helping hands tool si used 12 yrs ago still going strong . this is invaluable for soldering and such .
this was made for a bicycle but i use it around the house it works great
if you have ever tried to remove a snap ring without these pliers i will not need to tell you the problems you can have ! .
went to three major stores and no one carries these anymore ! worked great for splitting two cfl's to make the garage brighter .
price seems ok . bag is fairly heavy weight and flexible enough to conform to unusual shapes . has a folded hem sewn into it to help protect document .
very bright flashlight ! ! the only complaint i can come up with is it requires special batteries you cannot buy in your local stores .
this product performs exactly as advertised ; it keeps your soldering tips clean and minimally worn ; i highly recommend it to any serious solderer
i have bought 300 three sets of one hundred for marking trail on our wooded back two acres they are bright and easy to see .
they work great . it is so simple , i am always useing drilling screws . the magnet is strong and very easy to use .
light and digs into wood nicelyi even use the dimple feature sometimesdidnt think i would but it works
brighter than my led maglite and a third of the size . not cheap , but you get what you pay for .
worked great for my craftsman socket setand much cheaper than any other products out there.fixs perfect in my tool chest .
good little too for small packs . everything on it will be useful at one point or another . solid construction , should last me a long time .
i am a knife guy . cousin makes knives . wow for a meger price you get a thick blade easy sharp all round working knife .
these bits , with their extra length , they work perfectly in my hammer drill - even into stone ! would buy them again .
good if this is what you want . not much else to say . item exactly as described and it fit their newest model aa i just bought .
these extensions bits are apparently well made and have a good finish . great for use with my cordless impact driver . good value for the money .
as with all camco rv products , this works as expected and i saved a few dollars by ordering on amazon rather than getting one at the rv store .
it is a simple device . works well . i needed it to true up my router base plate for inlay work .
a good bargain for a good product . i would recommend this purchase.the double sided blade are easy to change and extend the life of the product .
item is just a described and works . this is a good flashlight at the cost of below what a 6 volt battery would cost .
broke lamp last year was time to fix these should be more readily available at hardware and other stores i can not be the only cluts in world
nicely put together and just what they said . very nice little pkg . im going to buy a few of these for gifts . very nice
used these when i added insulation to attic and they appeared to do the job of keep out the bad stuff . did get some glass fog up .
works good is well made and holds alot of tools . also bought arsenal brand roll-up and bucket boss brand is much nicer .
this is a dandy ... you can see how much is left in your batteries ... easy to use too !
i was skeptical because of the price , but it works great . wheel it around and sets up in a snap . no regrets .
light is dim , 2 candles did not work out of the box . probably not worth the money ; would not recommend .
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx this comment should be on the led fixture
works just like you would expect these sticks to work . nothing more to say
worked great . i used it on this old 90 ' s stanley garage door opener , and it worked right off the bat .
we have a problem of raccoons going through our trash . this really showed them once we put on some bungees . haven't had a problem since .
i bought this item to assist in replacing a 3 foot by 4 foot insulated glass in one of my house windows . it worked great .
these are really expensive but do the job and they are even more expensive at the store . the flat 3 prongs are hard to find as well .
i've installed 10 of these about 7 months ago . so far all of them still work and are on the original battery .
reliable flashlight with a bright wide beam that works perfectly on my elzetta mount . really lights up a dark room .
just what it looks like and did what i needed it to . used it on 18volt makitia batteries . great great
i like the ability to select temp , nice iron , light , small etc . works great . i'm just using the head that came with it
very appropriately sized for the saw and works well . it attaches simply and keeps my work area much nicer . worth it !
wouldn't hurt if it was a little longer but overall a handy tool for backpacking or trying to keep weight down and maximize utility .
lots less chance to put the small wires into your finger tips with this coated wire . lots less expensive than the shorter rolls too .
seems way smaller than pictures , holds virtually nothing beside phone mini-flashlight and keys . still can't figure out how to make it useful .
i upgraded from 18v to 20v and gave my old 18v stuff to my son . he is happy and i am happy , how can you beat that .
you simply cannot find a better knife for the price . be careful , it's razor sharp , and keep your oil handy , it's not stainless steel .
best refrigeration wrench that i have ever owned . the fine tooth ratchet makes close quarters valves much easier to operate .
this dewalt drill bit assortment set was bought as a gift for my son and so far he is happy with the quality of this set .
i am going to order more of these . they have good motion sensitivity and are bright . light up the walkway as soon as i open the door
they work wonderful and helped me finish my first ever solid oak table to a nice even smooth finish . a must for later pieces .
i read the other reviews about how strong this tape is and shrugged it off . lo and behold this tape is amazing and super strong .
i reviewed the jet floor-sweepjet jw1003 4 " x 21 " dust collection floor sweepand raved about it.this is just as nice , but at a better price
the bulb is ok , but i order 10 warm white , and got instead 8 cool white and 2 warm .
i have had other kreg pocket hole jigs and love every one of them . will get a bigger set next time .
case broke the second time i opened it . i used one of the bits 3 times by the 3rd time it was struggling to cut .
products were durable . products were exactly as described . have bought a few other atd products and as always the products were of exceptional quality and value .
seems well built and tears through drywall easily . only improvement i can see is maybe a strap on the back for your hand to slip in .
nothing much to say it is a great hose , i got it very quickly after ordering it . i think it is going to last forever .
had to spend some time getting used to not sticking it in my pouches . lol but this is much nicer than messing around with a holster .
this is a clean excellent lubricant , goes on without smell or oiliness , great for table saws , or patio doors and windows .
thick and brown . it seems like it would last for quite a while . not much else to say . did i mention it is brown ?
it didn't take much to install . the shower head is very good and the extension is easy to switch to . very satisfactory .
these drivers are so handy when removing hex head screws or nuts . they are made of high quality materials also .
kreg makes some of the best wood working tools on the market and yes you always get what you pay for .
perfect . it does work very well . i feel peace of mind after checking with this one.very easy to use it .
easy to use and i think is a good deal and excellent emergency lighting when needed.do not need batteries or power cord to recharge , which is nice
the unit failed in no time . the charging device evidently failed . unfortunate purchase on my part . live and learn , i guess .
instructions are worthless though . i do wish the dual outlets could be programmed separately . that would have made this product a 5 star imo
knife has a solid feel , good blade control and provides a good grip in your hand . lifetime warranty is a plus
lovely ! not yet installed , but i love the sleek upscale look.it will update the sink and toilet to match the rest of my bathroom update .
great for storing your bike on the wall . hangs in 2 minutes with attached hardware . 2 screws into the stud will do it and then enjoy
easy product to install and it works very well . the price is reasonable and the product is a well made item .
great addition to any electrical kit . when making multiple tests these are great for labeling different circuits while attempting to track down a break or a shorted circuit .
this product worked very well for me . i would gladly recommend this to others . a little bit goes a long way .
this outlet afforded me additional outlets in a convenient way in my bathroom . one of the better looking options for doing this .
this will work quite well to hide some small items i need to protect . looks real in my bathroom cabinet .
lots of 5 star ratings here and all the red doughnuts at cr , this is a true winner , one of the best rated bulbs in recent tests .
nice , sturdy , attractive bag for small tools / supplies , even if they are not the dewalt brand . worth the money , in my opinion .
they programmed within 5 seconds and work perfect with my liftmaster remote . way easier than dealing with the savages at home depot .
i mean it's pipe strap ... i can't write some glowing or exciting review , it's galvanized and it's pipe strap . it does it's job well .
long lasting blade . way cheaper in the long run than buying standard disposable cut off wheels . cuts well and fast , clean edges for stone cutting applications .
light and strong . delivered perfect ! i use it all the time . only ladder i buy that i find are great value are werner and louisville !
comes in very handy in the work shop . the only thing is the adjusting screw seems a little stiff . just hope it doesn't get worse .
easy installation , the sensitivity to motion is just right , and the ability to aim the sensor is useful . able to use with shielded light bulb .
i gave these as gifts to my groomsmen . much better than any other multi-tool that i've ever seen .
not a bad little light . puts out just what we need in the back driveway . works well . easy to set up will not go wrong with this
have to be very careful when using this bit . used to cut circles in ceramic floor tiles . work very slowly and you will have the best results .
the brand i love every tool by vise grip or irwin i buy the quality is top class on my point of view ...
way cheaper than snapon or sears and well made . good quality and i didn't have to buy a box full of tools to get them .
great , replaces my home made jig . makes work much more easier and the job looks great and professional . good work
phillips bulb is of quality and a great value for your money , and i would recommend this product to anyone in need of this bulb .
good for bath , kitchen , etc ... replacement faucets can be pricey , this one works just as good as the price ones .
very good timer . does its job . would recommend to a friend . booya ! need to have a timer , buy this one ...
not much to say other than they work , they are generic of course but as long as they get the job done i'll buy them
very innovative design , energy efficient , less power consumption . motor was incorporated inside the bulb assembly . bulb is the shape of this product , very affordable .
good price for the set of 25 . not overly happy with the strength . they seem to strip easily if you aren't careful .
maglite s2c016 black c cell flashlight , 2 - cthis is as good as any of the mag-light line of flashlights . awesome ! !
had to move funiture to refinish a floor . for under $ 5 each these were great investment !
awesome little cutter , it does what i bought it for beautifully . will definately handle up to 16 gauge wire .
i love it . holds my kyocera torgue a small cressent pens and a few other things . love it wear it daily . , great quality .
love this.makes pumping water easy , you don't have to use the pumping motion the batteries and motor do it for you
doors will not close with these . bought a four pack of soft closers at major hardware store and they all worked .
this adapter works exactly as advertised it was used in a chandelier so that a larger size lightbulb could be used
have had one of these jigs in the past . works okay . good for keeping fingers out of the machine , when working with small pieces.recommend this product .
fits my iphone 4s and my leather man tool and bits , extension . plus my mini flashlight . works well . some would find it bulky but i dont
i like to get these in bulk every year or so . these are better quality than what most retail store sell and you get a ton cheap .
they are good mailboxes but too large for me . so i have two to sell at half price . anyone interested ? ? ?
this set is perfect for my gear box on the box of my truck , big fat handles so i can really grip it and crank .
consistently impressed with the tekton line of products . each piece in this kit looks and feels of quality . will continue to buy tekton products .
i used it twice and the fabric began separating at the point on the font where the velcro joinsit was plenty big to go around by and by big coat
good strong well constructed tool . it feels like it will last forever .. so i guess we'll see ... i would recommend
this is just right for little things punchs seem to be will made and the brass ones are just right for my guns this is a good deal .
i don't use this tool frequently , but it puts my mind at ease to know it's there when i need it .
battery compartment has a short or something . tried it several times . does not work . sent back . pretty cheap construction . does not rotate either .
this is a great caulking gun and i purchased another so i didn't have to change guns for different caulking purposes .
just what you'd expect . nice to have a handy sharpener that includes a serrated edge sharpener . the price was right too .
it is a filter that is priced reasonably . i would buy it again . does that is says it is going to do .
couldn't find this configuration at a local big box home improvement store . arrived quickly . looks nice and does the job . good price .
these drill bits work very well when used with a hammer drill . good value for the money , i would buy them again .
i just wish they had a bit more adjustability , but i have 2 on my desk and they are turned on for at least 12 hours a day .
without using these self center drills first on interior hollow core doors to install the hinges the door will split .
this is very thin stuff but needed this thin for circuit board repair job . solder flows well and joints seem solid , pleased with this purchase .
i have used it many times for small projects around the house . i should've bought it years ago . very satisfied .
the quality of this item is not great but it is acceptable for the money . it works very well and is very useful .
it works well and the reflector that is included works well.one sad thing is that the original or first run kits included a nice heavy duty glass lens .
command hooks are just so great . these attach as all command hooks do and they work perfectly . quick on and quick off when needed . good stuff !
superior anti-glare protection . i use them as sunglasses and this is my second pair . the first pair just suffered from my constant use .
fits my needs , well built for its intended use , easy to carry , all my miscellaneous computer repair tools and paraphernalia fit in it .
this is a really nice extension cable . it wasn't terribly expensive , and was well worth it . i would definitely buy this again .
these work great in my gun and were a good deal for the price . i will surely buy these again .
i bought it to shapen a chain saw . when it arrived i found it did an excelent job on lawn mower blades.it is well worth the price .
really like this drill bit set for use in my makita , not super duty bits but for the price they great .
just fine i dont know why i have to write more to get this in , it is stupid and makes many now want to even write
ensure a precise cut avoids compromising spending on materials . cut a wood correctly and at once is what i expect from a machine like this .
this cable works well with the toro vacuum / blower . it is a bit stiff but with use it should become more flexible .
it is what it is , a aa maglite mount . good quality , and packaged well ! bought it to hold my maglite pro aa flashlight ...
these extensions are chrome-vanadium , and the finish is like a flat black paint jobber . they have the little ball bearing socket retainers , like most do .
i installed these about 8 or 9 feet high and at this height the field of light is very small .
this light is easy to hang , easy to use and is a very nice accessory in our den . the lighting is top notch .
these are energy savers and easy to store . the regular lightbulbs don't store as well and don't last as long .
easy to use , adequate watts for desk lamp $ 8 dollars total or $ 2.oo per bulb . wont need more bulbs for years
installing this upgrade is easy . the led is much much whiter and brighter than the normal oem non-led bulb . focus function still works after upgrade .
i am using this outdoors in a wet area . so far no signs of rust or problems . seems like a good combo lock .
this item is not always accurate and is not the easiest to use . it's okay but i can't say i would highly recommend it .
awesome flash light . very nice to hold , quality metal , cool focusing .
the hooks on these bungees are different shape than most , so it is handier for some situations than the common hooks .
always hated looking to the right allen wrench , this solves that issue . i have both the metric and sae sets .
this paper work very well , 50 sheets for $ 1500 is a great value recommend this for all work in home and shops .
these bags are so versatile to carry tools and stuff when you do not need to carry all your stuff to the work area
2 watt = 1 candle.these things are real low light output , good for nite lite or lighting up a wall picture or something .
handy little cords to have around the house . i wonder why all extensions don't come with the convenient on-off switch !
i would have loved it , not just liked it if the bits were magnetized , but i took care of that .
what can i say . great compact flux pen at a good price . did the job i purchased it for well .
great little remote , i use it for the scooter and bikes so i'm not carrying keys and stuff . easy to program .
although these belts work flawlessly , i wish they were a little less expensive but over all i'm satisfied with product .
they do not last long against hot coals . they are wearing ok , but they get hot in about 15 seconds .
if you buy a rotary tool you must purchase this . pointless to not . don't ask questions just click purchase right meow .
cheaply made . i returned because of the quality and the bottom metal plate for hauling just isn't wide enough to pick a simple tub up .
these are true safety goggles . they seal your eyes and work well . they do fog but common sense can take care of that .
no problems so far . i keep it on my gun bunch . regular hammers can damage your gun so it's a much have
this is an excellent buy considering the very low price . i use it all the time in my shop and glad i purchased it .
i recommend this socket set for any basic needs good set for cheap price the rachet is kinda small but not a big deal
this is a good price for these screwdriver bits , and i like having the complete set in a handy and sturdy case .
i can hold wave , a aaa light , a zebra telescoping pen , and the accessory bit set for wave inside this thing . perfect sheath
bought them for my wife who has broken several pair with all her gardening . so far she likes them a lot .
even though tis timer is rated for high wattage , it didn't last very long . i found the controls very combersome as well .
i purchased this flapper to replace the one in my kohler toilet . it fits perfectly and when adjusted it works just like the original .
these are cheap and cheaply made but they are diamond and they are inexpensive . they are ok until you need something better .
this set was nicer than i thought it would be before it delivered . nice set for carrying in my gearbox on my truck .
nice little drill . compact and the price was great . use these all the time . they work well in my line of work .
pro : light , low-cost , clean in sealed bagcon : tube is too short unless you are transferring between one gallon bottles .
this is a rather ugly cord and foot control . however , it is so handy that i ignore that part and use them wherever possible .
i gave a five star rating for an excellent product and price.the installation takes five minutes.this filter makes a big difference in tastse . i highly recommend this filter .
very small and accurate . if you need an alarm switch or an external switch for a zwave sensor , this one works well .
fit is rough & pieces are made of new growth wood so very fibrous . not good for anywhere you need to show without patching .
if you have to get up a night to go to the bathroom , this product is well worth the money !
these always come in handy . i continually need spots to plug stuff into and these have plenty of spots to do that
will be used - is a backup for now . the ones just like this that i am using work just like advertised .
the perfect accessory when you get more 18v dewalt tools for christmas . with 5-6 tools being able to charge 2 batteries is a must .
bought them to lock a gun case to go through the airport , did the trick perfectly . tsa had no issues either .
these tracks fit my router table just great , and work like they are supposed to , and i will positively order some more when needed .
dewalt : these are pretty good drill bits but they do break as my 5/32 ' s did on its 1st use and was replacedwith a bit from ace .
great led bulb with a nice white light that responds well to dimmer control . i give it 5 stars based on dimmer control and quality of light .
cover is well made and is a size proper for your needs , and still able to see the controls with ease
if it works with your slides , you may not actually " need " this gadget , but you will " like " this gadget . ' nuff said !
i bought a couple to replace older ones i had . this battery is expensive for what it is . i've had no problems with them .
does exactly what it says , and does is very sturdy . i see no way to improve on this one .
very comfortable and excellent grip but got stung by a bee using it ! yes , stung right rough the top part of the glove .
when i bought this product the full dimensions weren't apparent . the hole is 6 inches across . the full box is over 8 inches square .
i use for carring my drill on working area and its very nice for carring my dril during the work
this remote is super ez to installed , and ez to programed also . no more lock out of my own house . it uses 9v battery
it's adequately bright and super durable feeling . if i needed another large flash light i'd probably get it again . :)
these are great 1 foot extension cords . well built and 16 gauge will handle any device . really gives you added space on any surge protector .
full collection of fuses for your car . great replacements for the fuse panel in a porsche .
this sander is awesome , smooth , quiet , powerful , no swirl marks , really a great tool .
this gun is a no brainer . this is my 2nd one . it will pay for it self in no time
this is a great featherboard . it is a great price for this item compared to the costs at the outlets like rockler and woodcraft .
this red , and black , test lead set is far superior to the set i have had for around 40 years . i recommend the product .
why did i choose this rating dewalt tools are good and very durable products dewalt tool are easy two work with
this product broke after only several months in the home ! the right-hand of the seat snapped ! and we're not overly heavy folks here , btw !
this item was a good price and came quickly . it was brand new in a sealed box . great for the pocket or toolbox .
very good quality for the price . tips are hard enough for lots of service but not brittle . been using for months .
this is a simple , but very well built gadget . i use it on my 3/8 ' s impact wrench for about everything in the shop
these are very nice for terminating fit in hand well and the tips don't seem to chip or snap like other terminating screwdrivers i've used
highly recommended , shipping was fast and this stud finder does the job just right . the level and nail pointer man's it easy to install anything
have not use it yet , but will be using it very soon . highly recommend anyone for wool working . thank you
prefer the brushed nickel and this certainly looks good . easy to install with provided template . makes towel drying much easy
i really like starret tools and have used them for years . this tool loosens up which caused me to lose the tip after use .
seem well made . always come in handy for the oddest things and having a variety of choice helps make the right tool for the right job !
great ladder worked great on my christmas lights and $ 30 less than the same item from werner 6204buy one ! ! !
these are feather-light and unobtrusive , and they fit perfectly in my tool box . no more borrowing other people's sweaty safety goggles !
i love it . it make's it easy to put in long screw & lags within means . plus it's smaller & lighter then the bigger drill guns
the flimsiest things i ever saw . i believe will send them back . i will update after i use them . but they cannot be any thinner .
you can cut and stick this stuff on where needed , comes in a big roll that's cheaper than local hardware store .
i bought this and other dewalt tools for my boyfriends xmas gift and he loves them !
this works just as it should and does a nice job keeping my shed warm in the winter , would buy again if i needed another .
these work great and will last a very long time . dewalt makes only high quality products , and these blades are no let down
this product is made by dewalt , i think that would be enough said ... if i said any more the others would get jealous
this headlamp arrived quickly no instrotions easy to assemble . a great bright light . keep your hands free and light were you need it .
comes in handy when a full size reciprocating saw is too large to fit into tight spaces . i have several bosch cordless tools and this one won't disappoint .
stores everything in its place , the drawers are a little flimsy . if the unit had a backing on it i'm shall it will be great
the belt sharpener is used for larger blades such as scissors , knives and such . the attachment is very easy to attach and use .
cheaper than a dewalt and more accessories . awesome ! i can put all my bits and other goodies on the side .
the timer itself works but the flip-up cover that covers the buttons just falls off . not as good as previous intermatic timers i have purchased .
this is the third strip i have bought and all have been excellent and provide great convenience . they are well-made and work as expected .
never goes off no mater how much room light there is either from other lights or room lit sunlight . not very bright . very disappointed !
i like how it does not stick out that much . the cord is pretty short so be ware . works fine .
good product . a little flimsy , but hasn't broken yet after one year of use . battery lasts a long time . bulb is very bright .
this is a solid soldering station . i couldn't ask for a better station and the best part is that i didn't spend a fortune . great product .
this is a handy accessory . i don't have logs to clamp but there are many more uses besides logs .
got this for cutting in can lights i purchased on amazon . it cut perfect holes and is ready for some more ! ! very nice ! ! !
great charger , handly , small and does a great job . has opitions and lights to indicate what you are doing . buy it .
very useful for cutting and small sanding jobs . these should be as common as a pair of scissors in the home .
works very well . like the size of it , makes it hard to loose . i lost the charger tha came with my drill .
this is simply a great storage system . holds my items easily and securely . very versatile with any type of storage . highly recommend ! ! !
it's good for light work . tires used it to lift my car for a while and still works efficiently . disadvantage he bit slow.but it's ok
it was just what i wanted . everything worked great . would really suggest getting this if it is in the style that you need .
it does what it is supposed to , although i found the plunger difficult to lock back in position at times .
i bought this light fixture to match the kohler fixtures i had installed in our master bathroom . matches oil rubbed fixtures just fine .
just learning dove tails construction or box joints ... joinery in general . great ! ! small enough for the small shop like i have .
use it in our rv shower and it allows us to take gi showers and not waste water . it is very well made .
excellent quality stainless steel . strong construction . no buyers remorse . now that it is worth several times what i paid for it .
i use this to sharpen a variety of blades . easy to use and pays for itself the first time you do a mower blade .
i needed to replace a number of tool batteries . happy with the price , prompt service and product . will do again when needed .
i purchased these bags to store some tools in my camper van.they are much better for holding the tools then those flimsy molded plastic storage tool holders .
what can i say about a standard wall box . it worked well ? measures approximately 4 inches square , works for 2 outlets
works as expected . some have complained about noise at shutoff but i haven't found that a problem . i would recommend it .
this set was a great buy i have only used a couple of the blades but they sure do work great and stay sharp .
its a pleasure to see a good chinese tool , they lack any knurling on tho but there decent ... i like them
this accessory kit has everything you will ever need for your dremel . the price is very good too . a must buy if you have a dremel tool .
very good quality , as expected from klein , and works beautifully . the soft-grip handles really make it nice to use . highly recommended .
had to return three of them due to defective units . it is a great idea but reliability is questionable . check out others
these are exactly what the doctor ordered to go into my new chandelier . they will give off plenty of light and yet be soft light .
the bits are awesome . work great for impact drivers when you need a quick hole or two . the case hinges broke first few uses though .
tough and cheap for the quality . i will buy more when this one wears out if it lasts me two years . i think it will .
this is a very good deal and lets you get lots of pieces for your rotary tool . you can never have to many
very good product . i am very satisfied now . it works much better than lux and my old trane baystat 240a . thanks .
excellent tarp ... very good quality and it was priced well . actually it was a better tarp at a cheaper price than what home depot offers .
lasted close to 2 years and broke from the swivel joint . not a big problem because it comes with lifetime warranty .
this is great wire and i've been very please with its feeding and weld . you still get some splatter but using the gel helps too .
our crews need to carry a portable saw . these have worked great . would only consider dewalt because of the durability , price and overall performance .
i bought these as gifts - they are well made and very bright ! having the batteries included was a nice touch .
if you have several coleman products that need this type of battery pack , this rechargeable one is nice & convenient .
i haven't actually used them yet but its a usefull set to have around . prepare to put them in another package . it wont stay closed .
you will have a hard time finding a better flashlight .. very bright and small ...
it's only weather rated when hung vertically . but i was able to hang it under my deck and it works perfectly for my holiday lights .
great job whoever put this on here . i returned the 250 $ $ $ opener that i was going to use if this different work .
i bought this product because i am an amateur on using a 4.5 " grinder . i have now used the different attachments and they work .
i only use oem filter media - these work perfect , go in easy , never any problems . just what i needed .
sometime deep hole screw drive me crazy , particular this security star bit , this tool makes my work more like breeze , it's good quality in this price .
gets a tad hot when in use . especially if you cover by accident the air vent of course . overall very happy with product .
i needed it for my werner extension ladder because i needed it to hold various objects like paint and so forth .
installed this on my front door together with the dead bolt smart key lock . the re-keying feature was simple and easy to use .
this screwdriver is great , i was struggling with my driller to install the screws and now i do it easly with my dewalt screwdriver
looks nice , shipped promptly and works as advertised without needing extra repairs ... what more can one ask ? i like it
i have used many differnt outdoor lights and these units have now become my favorite . great finish on them that holds up to the weather well .
vix brand is the only brand when it comes self centering bits . throw that ryobi out and pick one of these asap .
works as advertised and fit my budget for use with my inspection business . easy to use and instructions are clear .
powerful little wet saw . just used to to cut stone and tiles for a fireplace surround . had no issues at all . great price .
the box had a great assortment just what i was hoping for . i was very happy i woould order this product again .
other reviewers were right on . this machine screams quality . i mounted mine on a harbor freight bench grinder stand , works great and is portable .
it is cool to cut to the edge with jig saw , and not have to finish cut by hand . i will get a second for my dad .
i have tried a number of blades , but this one satisfies my every desire to have an accurate and smooth cut .
small screwdriver with with good quality and reasonable price i hate that its plastic finishing , but for its price i recommend buying this item
i love this new blade for my delta table saw . it rips 2x4s cleanly and provides a nice finished cut
i'm using these for the fence on my drill press table . a great addition to my home woodshop . thanks inkra and amazon .
i needed two . now i have eight spares . what a deal ! these are 130v rated lights so they should last . - chris
it's a needle nose plier that at this price everyone should get for the home or car toolbox .
i've used kreg pocket screws for several years . always meet my needs.kregs pocket hole system is outstanding , and i have all 3 sizes .
i use this for my dust pans , and fly swatters . it does not work as well on my heavy corn broom or she mops .
i personally love this tool . it spent 6 weeks with me in colorado living the life . it paid for itself more than a few times
this particulate filter mounts with the main filter on the 3m respirator . easy install . and are usually one-time use . always need spares on hand .
really nice compact hack saw with a good grip and a well balanced handle . it's also lightweight making it easy and comfortable to use . good product .
th food safe lubricant arrived in gtood shape and in a reasonable time , i used bit to lubricate my wife's expresso machine
stabila makes excellent products that are precision made . if you want the best in tools , stabila has it . great buy .
having used the kreg jig for some time and obtained great results , the micro will do a good job on drawers , etc .
this does a good job at removing solder . it is easy to hold and operate single handedly.at this price you cant go wrong .
this remote control worked with our garage door opener , no problems , and it was easy enough to set the code by following the instructions .
it is a quality item and is not flimsy . it has done what it was supposed to do , just as advertised .
really a disposable item on the face of it . comparable to junk sold at mexican outdoor markets in mexico . junk .
love the cree flashlights but this one didn't impress . does not focus . it's just a light
it fits , it filters the dust , but nothing else . i knew this when i bought the pack of filters . i bought them for the price ..
i have used low voltage lighting for 25 years , these are very well built and my customers love the design . i would recommend them ,
just what i needed for what i ordered . keeps my air dry and clean . very inexpensive for what it does .
sitting on my ar picatinny rail .. works good and throws a long clear beam without the common center black hole .
is a tool that makes getting to some screw heads easier and attainable . was a good addition to my tool collection .
nothing fancy but i couldn't find it locally ( didn't want a longer cord and needed the right-angle head ) and the price was good .
i got exactly what is pictured . all five blades appear identical . used without pressure at lowish speeds , they should last me a while .
i use this set daily as a cabinet maker they get the job done so well it's stunning . now to find out how to sharpen the damn things
i wanted a safety net in case i got locked out of the house . this device programs easily and looks nice mounted outside .
bought these for our camper and they look great ! the animals look quite at home in the rustic look and make the camper look warm and homey .
great little light . for the price i'm thinking about ordering a bunch more . interesting beam pattern on zoom . it's square .
while lightweight it fits the toto drake ii perfectly . the slow close lid is an attractive feature that prevents the annoying lid slamming .
i used this cable for a long wire shortwave antenna and it worked very well . shipment arrived on time and well worth the expense .
i found this to be cheaper here than at my local pet store . it's a hose . it works . good price .
i have not installed this unit so i really cannot comment on how it works . it does appear to be made well and has some heft to it .
used this on several small rugs , after several months works like a champ . rugs never move . would buy this again .
this is going to be a great new addition tomy collection . should save me some time . great product for the money
easy to use with drill . i use them for my home improvement projects.and since i'm not a skilled person it makes my jobs so much easier .
i used it to cut pvc and cpvc tubes . it works fine and the result is a very precise cut . just needs a little sanding afterwards .
we wanted to add heated floors to our bathroom and this programmable thermostat was the perfect component . it was simple to install and is easy to program .
i was a little disappointed in this saw , it has less power than i was expecting it to have , but good for small jobs .
used to remove hub axle nuts on my 1997 dodge dakota . fit was perfect . what more can you say about an impact socket . quality is excellent .
flashlight works great . the charger and batteries work ok . better batteries will make this even brighter and longer lasting . i use panasonic imrs
to begin with this needs to charge in pretty direct sunlight . mine stopped working after a couple of days and i returned it .
i bought a few of these for camp as they come with a wall bracket as well , easy to use and mount
this is a really good product , i combined it with the electricians pouch for added capacity and versatility , works great .
this little pocket screwdriver is exactly as advertised . very handy , compact & useful . would definitely buy it again and would be a nice little gift .
many little plastic containers with an assortment of fasteners which one might need to fix many things fit neatly inside . replenish as needed .
i have used this guide on a polycarbonate project . i get good results . the attachment is solid and it works .
these are half the price of anything i could find locally with the same quality and design . i purchased several .
works good for drawers on the top of a base cabinet , but it is easier to use a spacer for multiple drawers w / o face frames .
much needed in any tool bag . as there have been many times the need to reach into deep anchored screw and bolt with impact drivers .
next time i need to hold anything down this is the item to do the job . it stopped everything from sliding around
needed some hold down clamps for a drill press and this clamp seemed to work nicely . i kind of wish i had ordered a couple more .
this battery stick is great . the capacity is great and the price is not too shabby either.fit is perfect .
a great-great light--lots of lumens ( brightness of a light ) - - good size to hold in your hand--looks sturdily built--takes only 1 aa battery
i love my cool tools . i really don't use it much , but it works great when i do use it .
we've had one of these in the hallway to avoid stubbing toes for a couple of years . you replace batteries a couple times per year .
purchased this to save a little time painting walls . my daughters have put it to good use . it really cuts down on the time needed to paint .
as always ( most of the time ) another good product for dewalt . purchashed as a gift and my brother loves it !
these handy tools cut through blister packagaing as effortlessly as they do carpet . if you have ever meen frustrated with packaging , you want this .
3 bucks cheaper than local lowes or depot plus no tax . adds up quickly when you need 10 of them .
used to remove mortar and concrete it is very powerful and one must be very careful with these tools . always use eye and breathing protection
i just wish they made it so the battery can be easily changed if needed . it is bright for how small it is .
i was pleasantly surprised at how bright these little lights are . i just got them so i can't comment on the longevity .
kidde makes great extinguishers . i bought this one to be a part of my car survival kit . nice size . recommended .
when the franklin sensors prosensor 710 can't locate a stud in a textured ceiling , this one will , with some patience . excellent low-tech tool .
5 star tool , needed this for the higher rpm than cordless drills to use with my kreg pocket hole joinery system . and as always dewalt delivers .
this water filter delivers good tasting water for a inexpensive price . it was easy to install and easy to use .
being a contractor , i use this little guy avery day . it tells me that the power is on and make our life easy .
ruined an electric pressure washer by using under sized extension . this 12 gauge should carry the load for you & your tools .
i did not know how small they are when i ordered them . decided to keep just in case of future use .
this is a great price for my streamlight replacement batteries . this pack will keep me going for some time to come .
this is the best power screwdriver i have ever owned ! it has plenty of power and is very convient to use .
i bought this to replace the recalled ' handy switch ' and i like this one better.it helps avoid walking into a dark room .
just what i needed for my pc 690 router in base now i can use my collection of 1/2 " shank bits . a lot more versatile .
nice selection of pocket screws . nice carry case as well . seems to have all the popular sizes and lengths . i happy with my purchase .
i really like this led ! it lights up the cold water blue and the hot water red . it looks even better if you have a white sink !
i would not recommend it to others . the tester works but is really hard to use . i box would do just a well .
best set of drill bits i have ever owned . recommend them to any part time , jack leg mechanic that likes sharp drill bits .
feels and looks cheaply made . the electronics shorted out the third time i tried to use it ( among other things a capacitor exploded ) .
worked well . i can see the penetration . helps you loosen tight things . helped me a great deal with my auto work .
this is a very safe safe . the interior light is nice . bolt's down easily . haven't had a problem with it yet .
this is a nice set of dewalt pliers . they are very well made , and appear they will stand up for a long time .
this adapter works just fine on the mm blades and every other blade that i have tried to use with it .
this is a beast that would do well in a self-defense situation . high quality , good light , what more do you need ?
does what it is designed to do . make a cable , plug in both ends , and verify cable is good before using it .
i have been using these with dewalt d26451 3 - amp 5 - inch random-orbit sander and they work without a flaw ... i would certainly purchase them again
i love huffing fumes like the next guy but occasionally i like to retain my sense of taste and this does that
charges well , and puts out a surprising amount of light . sure beats having our guests falling on the steps when it is dark out .
great product . it replaced the plastic handle that was included in a repair kit . i very happy with the quality .
great tool but a ho hum box . the box is about the only fault i find with it . works great with my dewalt drilldriver .
works great . bought it along with a maglite led flashlight and gave this one to the wife to keep in her car .
i bought these units for use in an enclosed area that needed instant-on lights . they work great and fit the bill . i would buy again .
it's first alert so mostly a winner - does what it says and ample visual options with clear instructions - have bought 3 one for each level of the house
only reason i got these is because the government is getting rid of them . talk about a stupid decision ... . jeez
i bought this to do what you buy these to do and was surprised that for the price it .. - cuts a clean hole-is straightglad i bought it !
worked well in all of our kids toys , smoke alarms , etc . they seem to last a long time in some of our electronic products as well .
perfect little tool . for those hard to get to places this does the trick and doesn't take up much room in the drawer . highly recommend .
these are straight , sharp and well made . there is nothing like a brad point drill bit to keep you in your place ! ;)
no fuss no mess . clean easy setup . i like that the lights can be angled any direction.not very bright , tho .
these nylon jaw pliers are great for use on the soft metals i often work with . i really like this brand ..
i would reccomend these welding magnets to anybody who needs to secure steel to weld squarely on thier projects accuretly .
husband loves these he now has two of them in his tool box he also has other sizes of this brand
my old one snapped . i put this in , in just a few seconds , hooked it up and stopped arguing with my wife !
this tool is invaluable when installing any kind of molding , to find the perfect angle to transfer to your saw it's a must .
i use this with a tool belt i just ordered separately . love the look and feel with my new tool bag .
its good . i just got it and i am going to use it right now . you must have it at your home .
what more could you ask for . these work great for baseboards or crown molding . a must if you're using a nail gun
pay attention to the tips and tricks in the other reviews . it's cheap and works fine , it's smaller than either of my existing remotes too .
seems to function accordingly . i really like the backlight . its perfect for the small electronics troubleshooting i need it for . i would buy again .
thing works flawlessly . wish it would come with a coverplate though , as most applications are single . the on-off function is nice . can't complain about anything .
it is the right size , you can attach your light almost anywhere you want to , and you get color screens i really like it .
this is my 2nd xl200 and it is great . the brightest flashlight i own and i have quite a few .
this is a great kit for the money if you don't need full sized tools . i am an apartment-tinkerer , and this is the perfect set for me .
i just check with the sweet couple i purchased this light for , they love that they don't get blinded every time they get something from the fridge .
i cannot get enough of zwave devices . this works very well with my adt security alarm system . we plan on adding many more .
very easy to use and provides lot of pressure , i used it for a big project and it performed better then what i thought
the water is great tasting and it makes it very quickly i highly recommend this , it's easy to install too
my husband and i were able to install this disposal easily and it does the job at a very good price .
helpful for seeing exactly how much power different light bulbs draw . this item has motivated me to switch to led lightbulbs and control energy costs .
i work at a transmission shop and need to dry parts after cleaning them . this gun does exactly that and is pretty strong to .
this is a good value and there are a lot of different compounds to get the very best shine on what you are polishing
and this shield is the replacement for the gold standard . it fits perfectly and protects my ugly mug from getting uglier . i am infinitely appreciative .
works as expected . would order again . i love the fact that you can operate this unit upside down without a flame-out like all the others .
as shown in the description , only 35 grams of solder . the spool looks bigger in the picture . pay attention to the spool size in the description .
these are of very good quality and much more affordable than buying a package of 5 at home improvement stores !
the angle offset works excellent . stores easily also with the included bracket . should have purchased this years ago as it's an important safety device .
these are high quality screwdrivers . they , along with two or three other brands are some of the best in the world . very satisfied .
thankyou i like this used for my house and next time i will buy more for this wayne and save more money thankyou .
good tool sharpener and easy to store in rv.gives a good edge but i like to follow with a steel for smoothness when i'm home .
if you're getting into air tools , you won't survive long without something like this set . very high quality as well .
i received this item and it is fit for my purpose . i am happy with the quality of this product . you can buy it with confidence .
it's lasted about 2 years so far . no complaints . no rust or hinges breaking off . it's good for the price .
it looks good , easy to install , works good there isn't much else to say it looks like it should fit any toilet .
tests voltage , not the charge . does not display how many volts , only shows in in the area.not worth $ 20 , maybe 2-3 no more .
excellent set - remarkable quality perfectly flat channel dados & rabbets . good set of labeled shims . does what it's designed for .
this mailbox is well constructed . it has just the right amount of firmness required to keep the door closed . it was easy to install too !
these are great extensions for the shop or home . they are very well priced and sunex makes good products . my snap-on's are not any better than these .
they are what they are supposed to be and they perform as expected too . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
easy to assemble , good for use as an outside storage cabinet for jacuzzi or pool supplies . good value for the money .
had a similar product before . taste isn't anything to crow about - but when you are hungry enough it won't matter . i've had mre's that were worse .
it does just as advertised , and it does it well , construction is solid and machine work is great , love it
sturdy , handy and safe to use . i like the height and work tray . recommend for household use and for painting .
i use it on backyard door . it works fine after 1.5 years of outdoor usage . feels solid and good quality .
i have not used yet but quality appears good . very comfortable in the hand , you'll like having this for the small jobs
i bought it and didn't realize that it didn't have the hammer option till it arrived , so now i simply use it as a power screwdriver .
the driver worked fine for maybe 100 screws but eventually ( even with new batteries ) slowed down to a crawl and lost power which made it unusable .
i needed a switch for my reading lamp , and this little charm has worked perfectly to date . the switch seems built well .
got it in two days and works great and know i can see my keyboard what a great thing these bulbs are bright
i was looking for something to put some tools in for the truck of our car ... excellent application for some basic tools .
this particular socket is hard to find these days since the dual-bulb table lamps are a bit of a rarity . works great ! price was fair !
i bought this flashlight to mount on a shotgun with a off set light mount . it works well , no complaints .
but like i said the blades are over price and do not last long . how ever the tool it self is great and dose a great job .
i have used ingersoll before and this is no different . lots of power and very durable . highly recommend this brand of tool .
come in handy for a lot of different applications . it is nice to have these around . solid grips and good teeth . i am batman
good stocking stuffer for the price not a bad buy they were happy to get them that's ok for me
this drill gives you that extra power you often need but never have around the house.well balanced and handles well .
they are not shiny . they are dull and rough feeling . they've worked so far . but the pic makes them look like they have a nicer finish
these speedy load bits are sharp and work great . i am now looking for another set with the bigger bits .
way over priced for a simple bar of steel with some set screws . can easily be made for a few dollars and standard bar stock .
i am an auto mechanic , and use this flashlight all day long . battery life is good , and the flashlight is very durable also .
i have only had this a few days but so far it is just as advertised . i use them for undercounter lighting for an outdoor kitchen
works fine worth getting it on amazon cause i went out looking for it and could not find it anywhere and it turn out to work perfectly .
wonder no more , this is a must buy for your step ladder holds and carries everything and don't have to worry about where those tools are
it works when new . after a few months stored , you open the cap , and your hand is now completely covered in liquid flux .
i ordered a handful of these along with a big batch of the candle-shaped cfls for a chandelier we have . they work just fine--no probs .
what can you say about screws ? ? i like the square drive almost as well as torx . either is better than phillips or straight blade .
hose works great , but i would suggest using the adapter with a garden hose for longer distance and flexibility . 4 stars for minimal flex in this hose .
nice quality punches with perfectly flat faces and nice sharp machined edges , work just like they should , no complaints at all .
this is a durable , convenient , bright ( enough ) light . nice and cool , unlike those halogen flame throwers . works fine . no complaints .
take your time when setting the master combination . if you are slightly off your lock just became a fishing weight .
this plane is handy and very practical for treating sharp edges . is not of a fine quality so it must be used carefully to prevent tear out .
this thing cleans like a mom on her 3rd baby's bottom . easy , quick and well done . you won't be sorry gett'in one
this replaces another brand that burned out from over use . this one works great and will give years of service .
good for wire shrink wraps . being a ham radio operator i need to keep moisture out of wire connectors and this will shrink the wrap for me .
slightly better price than the box stores but gets delivered to your doorstep . works great and absorbs paint without it messing up your floor .
great price works great came with good instruction to match up what i was looking for . the big box stores can not compete on this .
probably not the highest grade tools out there , but they do the job , you shouldn't need to put my pressure on a hex head anyways
i purchased this to replace a cracked cutter for my dremmel . it does the job and is a good value .
we just replaced the floor and inorder to protect it i installed these on the kitchen table chairs . we are very happy with them .
works well , solid , no shaking , i would recommend to a friend , much better than the ones at the box stores when you can find them
sticks to studs like glue . very powerful magnet . used it several times in mounting paintings and a projector screen . a good price too .
this thing is powerful . simply pointing the light at the ceiling of a dark bedroom , provided sufficient light to see the entire contents of the room .
it is just as described on the amazon , however in hindsight i would have preferred one with a synthetic carrying pouch instead of leather
it keeps the blades in order and easy to find as well as not losing the blades.fits in the carrying case very good .
secures well and still able to be removed without difficulty . look pretty good in the blacksmith shop and no fear of anything catching fire .
worked great for a week . a month later they either didn't come on at all , or stayed on all the time . stay away from these .
reg bulbs kept burning out every other week.these have lasted for months so far . i couldnt be happier.light is natural . i have nothing else to comments
this is exactly what i expected . as described and as advertised . i would buy another if another lamp of mine burns out .
much better price than local stores . does what it should : handle big bolts that need big torque . get one for yourself .
a little pricey for the set , but it lives up to the panasonic name . i gave these as a gift and the receiver loves it .
it does it's job , if i needed more i'd order them again . fairly cheap solution to orginize things , i'm mainly using mine for batteries .
a great little screw driver with 7 different bits . the price was great and delivery fast . i will keep this in my tool box .
light worked good , but lacked strobe and no laser . so i sold and got a tlr - 2 with strobe function and laser .
i had it replace because mine blew out a few days ago . got replace quickly and it turns out great .
very handy tool to keep on the key chain . i'm surprised how often i use it for simple tasks around the house .
this is perhaps the easiest timer to program i've ever used & i highly recommend it ! it is also easy to install .
this is a great multimeter . does the job , not too expensive , good feature set . can't really ask for more . i like it alot .
works well , but kind of tall and seems to have some delicate plastic parts which one must be careful about bumping into .
provides wireless control of lights , fans , etc . where space is at a premium . all of my insteons have been very reliable .
i like a lot , because it's loud , and the lights are bright enough to use as a keyhole finder in the dark .
awesome idea ... & with other units can be added ... but would not work in my applaction ... sorry to say i returned them ... great product
use all the time . wears out with heavy use . tool has become a must for work.but have to replace every few years .
nothing special to write about these . they fit the nailer , none were defective , were packaged perfectly , and they did the job .
yard man spent an hour trying to get 14 gauge wire to fit , insulation to thick , went back to wire nuts . good idea but poor design .
it works as advertised . i like the yellow color because it makes it easy to find . should hold up fairly well in the california sun .
i have used this with kreg screws and regular screws . i love this jig . now i am writing to fill in space .
the gripping surfaces have only fair friction . i screwed a thin block of wood to the back and they now work great .
these lights are super bright and the batteries last what seems like forever . i use my light daily and it keeps on working ! !
i use them both as basement lights that are always on . they're not only bright but keep the lights on without impacting your budget too much .
im sure they would work on the cheap led strips , but on the cree silicon led strip , it wouldnt work .
cable ends seem to be attached well and i've had no issues with the product . they just do one thing and that is conduct electricity .
i got this to save my clothes working when in garage / workshop - holds my pencil & safety glasses near to hand.cutting metal with cut off saw .
i love the gerber multi-tool , it's so easy to use with it's one handed opening . high quality and durability , there the best !
they work ok . you may find it necessary to grind this plier's tips to suit your preferences , other than that it is ok .
shakes extremely bad and is very loud but did work good and variable speed with the diamond bit is nice .
is , exactly what i was ho of home ping , for tha adds the walls . very happy and would like to get more for the rest
needed the stupid # 1 star screw to take apart my wifes iphone and save it , note yes i did save it .
it works well so far , only two months , for adequately lighting up a large tree in the yard . love the low energy usage !
wanted a fun black light for my bedroom , but what i now have is a stain light making all the stains glow in the room . :)
alot smaller than i expceted . kind of a waste of time and money . not used much
this cord is very durable , the color is black , the length is 15 feet . came as described and it works .
the product works fine and is a good value for a dependable and serviceable light . i expect to get a longtime use from it
however doesn't work for wall it would be five star if it could be used for wall tiling as well .
i found this to be the best price i could find it for . it's a good product , so i went with it . sw
was glad to get these in a 4 pack . i use these all the time . they arrived in good condition and i would recommend the bulbs .
these clamps became my go-to clamps . light-weight , yet strong grip . extremely useful to me while working alone with my project .
mailbox looks very nice . simple installation instructions , and simple installation . i've got many compliments on the look of the mailbox . durable material .
it seems to be a good quality tool i was impress on how sturdy built it was . can't wait to use it
exactly as i expected . great color , perfect for someone bored of plain white ! great price for a little character added to a retro room
this is a great replacement kit because you do not have to replace all the wiring . you just cut and splice and you are done .
i like these batteries . the battery holds the charge for a very long time . it doesn't fizzle out after use . these are very strong batteries .
what can i say about these . good quality and price . do what they are supposed to do without any problems .
i have a makita 10 " slide miter on this and they are a great combination .
these are very well made and fit right in your leatherman case along with the bit driver extension that's also sold on amazon . they complete your leatherman .
i really like these padlocks , they are solid the key and lock mechanism work easily and feel well made . great fir locking gun and ammo cases .
along with my stud finder this is really a life saver whenever i need to hang something on my walls . really love this product and recommend it .
worked well in my inexpensive pinner . did the job i wanted done . holes nearly invisible up close and invisible at a distance of three or four feet .
well with this price , you can't ask much , but it's really annoying that the level bar trip on the screw all the time .
i got this for a closet that has no light and where it would be difficult to run power . works like a champ .
this product is very sturdy and will be a tremendous asset to me when doing home improvement projects ! i have not even touched all it's capabilities yet .
great value and will buy more in the future , nice design and easy to read the sizes really really nice for the price , thank you
i'm picky about safety glasses .. i have 10 sets and most suck . these are wonderful ! i'm buying more asap ! would recommend
the towel ring was easy to install and looks great . it took me about 10 minutes from start to finish .
regular nice looking plates , made in usa ! easy to install , will update the appearance of your room . the ten-pack is a good deal too .
this item is very very durable i use it for picture hanging and garage workperfect size for every day house workcompletely accurate
great fit and finish . nice and snug fit in the panel . siemens is known for great products . the switching feels substantial , but not overly tight .
these bulbs make things in the refrigerator look much more appealing . it's hard to describe how much an improvement these lights are . i love them .
my title says it all---this was ordered and shipped , arrived in perfect condition . cannot say much more about amazons service . perfect
nice white light with smooth dimming . comes with socket adapter if needed . clips have good range and should fit most setups . very impressed . highly recommended .
this was my third try at a good door chime , and it works perfectly . it is nice and loud and i love the chimes .
these masks are good ! they had a good fit , shaped well , and constructed to hold up . i have confidence in these masks .
it serves my purpose . i was hoping for more heat . it does work as described and i'm using it in a shed 10x20 thats not insulated .
came on time . easy to install . would only work if next to each other . i extended antenna wire and it has been working from outside the garage
just a little bit of light and a narrow focus . but what do you expect for that price right ? ...
we had the thing less than 10 feet from the switch and it worked intermittently . go for something else , this is not a solid solution .
installed it with a rf dimmer and the strip led lights . so far so good . very happy with the setup .
i need a nice small dc volts gauge to be used in my solar system . the green shows good even i daylight .
these pliers are a very hadi tool to have around the house . you could also add them to your emergency kit in the trunk of the car
comfortable fit and excellent noise reduction . reception is clear and sound quality is surprisingly high . i would not hesitate to purchase this item again . highly recommended !
i got these as small gifts for various family members because they are very handy , reasonably durable , and relatively inexpensive .
this product is fantastic and the price was awesome ! being able to use them separately or together is a huge benefit !
covers entire face . it hasn't fogged up on me , whether the temperature is 90 or 9 degrees . can't recommend this enough .
i bought this for my daughter in law's herb garden and she tells me it's perfect for starting her plants for thegreenhouse .
this light is extremely bright . it is as bright or brighter than some of my more expensive flashlights . the strobe function is very nice too .
not bad . my last model broke after some use but wasn't from empire . looks good .. just got it .
these gauges are an indispensable to accurate set up . i rely a great deal on them as a sense of feel comparison to many different depths and heights .
this compressor is light , oil less , relatively quite , plenty of output for small quick repairs . not intended for long term daily use .
nice metal casing and looks elegant . fits led replacement bulb . has been working perfectly through rain and snow for last couple of months .
my son couldn't believe how easy it was to break a chain with this product . for the price it's great .
it's very plyable even in colder temps . i'm very happy with this hose & i would buy the same air hose again .
i purchased this saw for crown molding . it was easy to use and came with ( 3 ) extra blades . no problems .
gift for my mom , i know it sounds odd , but she likes her tools , and this brand has never let her down !
good plastic tool organizer , it can be used for light duty only ... not for professional , perfect for home garage usei like it ...
well thought out design as most kreg products are . worked as described . kreg system is a great system for assembling woodworking projects .
lowes sales this 18v in 2 - battery-per-package for $ 36 only.the lowest price i have found .
do not put under a vehicle but good for hiding a key in a metal cabinet out of sight . hides well
great paint for painting plastic . i use it for some rc models and it stands up well to use . i recommend it .
easy as pie to get this working . ( to clarify : easy as eating pie . making pie is much more difficult and time consuming . )
i installed this attic ladder myself . have had it for a few years and have had no problems with it .
these are far better than the smaller magnets , which are virtually worthless . i have 8 of these in my welding shop .
a good little multi driver . decent but not great quality . klein could have done better . but overall its a good tool for the price
the first time i tightened the screws they broke through had to use longer ones and a washer . other wise it holds my tools ' handles very well .
has plenty of power to do handle to-do lists around the house that involve a drill or need screws put into something .
works great easily to assemble . don't have to be an electrician . highly recommend . always great to have around the house or workshop [
of course they do ! what little girl doesn't know the disney princesses and these are a really nice size to decorate their room . instant gratification !
the battery lasts a long time , and fits all my 18 volt , black and decker power tools , drill , hedge trimmer and clipper .
i'm a woman and don't like co0mplicated tools or some that you have to have many sizes . this wrench seems to be perfect for my use .
it is good . worth the money . recommended . its container bag is sturdy and of high quatliiy . the plastic material is very good .
dewalt products deserve their reputation . hard to beat a well priced , great tools delivered on-time .
this thing is super strong and works great ... have used many many times and the tip still looks like new .. no mushrooming over like the other cheaper ones
i like the storage unit , the punches look to be pretty well made . this item will make a great addition to the gun box .
bits are not hardened and will round or get stuck in allen screw . very disappointed and have given up on dewalt products .
these are a must have for anyone doing some shade tree gun smithing . they are very strong and hold up well under tremendous force .
what can i say ? the best batteries you can buy outside of getting nimh rechargeables . great price for a 24 pack .
this fits my hands so much better than standard utility knives . it's a little bit heavy but overall it's easy to use .
stanley 16-226 6 piece punch kit as any punch kit , works as well as you use them , i still using without issues
easy to install with the mailbox i ordered . only regret i have is not making the purchase sooner . and mailbox too .
not bad looked nice but start to delaminate pretty quick . hard to get them to stay tight and not move around probably would not buy again
i gave a five star rating for excellent performance and quality.stanley tools make excellent affordable tools . i highly recommend this product
for light duty use this is adequate . it safes space and it retracts and stop flawlessly , it is of adequate length .
my husband has wanted his own compact drill for a long time . i was thrilled to find this one for a reasonable price . thank you amazon
milwaukee is the product to buy if your a electrician i am so glad that they are dedicated to providing me with a good product
best little gadget for the job , it will save you a lot of time to unstripp cat cables quickly and without damaging the internal wiring .
a bit tricky to use but does what it says . works well and the testing features are awesome . would buy again .
i've been able to murder lights that cost $ 100 or more with this light . it's definitely the cree that makes it so powerful .
this item takes up very little space . it is well made and works well . i don't regret this purchase one bit . i recommend this item .
bought with westinghouse lighting 7214100 harmony two-light 48 - inch two-blade ceiling fan . typical installation for both ( need time and patience ) . works perfectly .
it's flexible vs . my poly hose , and also weighs about 3 times as much . both have there place , depending on the job you are performing .
good spot , easy ft .. use mine to light entranceway . good bright light for distances around 2o ft . great for outbuildings and paththways .
did not fit any of my toilets because they were to old , better for newer models . i returned it for refund .
much less expensive than the hardware store and much better quality . did exactly what i expected it to do , snug fit ..
nice , simple set that is good to have around the house for minor repairs . this keeps my wife out of my good tool set .
easy installation , only takes about give minutes with the right tools . looks pretty nice in my bathroom and holds up pretty well .
this ratchet works great and is a quality tool . i would recommend this tool to anyone . buy this ratchet you wont be sorry .
great extra button for my honeywell rcwl 300a1006 premium portable wireless door chime . easy to install , and very easy on battery .
nice little bright flashlight can't get any better for the money , small portable and sturdy great for keychain or pocket do recommend .
easy install , looks great against the white frame of the sidelight . the illumination is bight and an orange / amber color .
its a clip , it holds the drill upside down , held by one screw . silver in color . made of strong metal .
i bought a impact driver and needed another 18 volt battery . it is a solid , good priced battery . will buy again if on sale .
still going strong after 6 years . has taken a beating , but still in good shape.bosch is quality .
nice case , and great drill set . best in the world ? maybe not , but it's a very , very good set - works great for me .
we really like the light for reading in our bedroom . it gives off enough light for a comfortable light for reading a book .
put under be . it's still there ! one big and heavy dude.more than i thought . veryhigh quality . nice item .
i got these to use with paracord tying and projects.they work extremely well for my projects and other misc . clamping needs
i am approaching the load limit of this step stool and it was very stable on carpet . the handles , tray , and magnets are very nice touches .
the product is fine and i like the price too , i am looking for a good product with a reasonable price , i have found it
this little thing puts out a lot of light for one aa battery . i love the zoom from wide angle to focused ( and everything between ) .
it's what you expect , gritty stuff . always seems to wear prematurely no matter what brand you buy these days though .
ultra bright for such a small flash light . the it's great so have so much brightness is such a compact form .
too small and i would not recommend this to anyone , short , not long enough and i'm sending it back tomorrow .
good little emergency light while it also does a nice job as a night light . bought 4 more for some other rooms in the house .
these connectors worked well . however , you might want to consider using these connectors and soldering the connections . any type of loose connections make the lights flicker .
is very complicated for install because my system water shower is different style , really i don't liked i hope you liked ..
not much to say . i've only used one of but bits so far but it worked great , especially in my new dewalt cordless drill .
used at night to walk my dog . the leds dont eat batteries like a regular flashlight . good investment . i want to order another
this battery pack will save you hundreds of dollars in the long run i use mine weekly at work in my latern
this was easy to program . it was easy to program it differently for different days . perfectly reliable and kept good time . no complaints .
i bought this on a whim and was not sure what to expect but it is good and useful for fine work .
i bought this for home use and they work great for me . they are holding up to torque and have not broken or cracked yet . would recommend product
so far so good . would really like it if they were the type of batteries that charge only to the point of filling and then slow down .
these work wonderfully . i've been so happy that i've no order 3 more for all the rest of the members of my family .
the 51924 indoor / outdoor 25 - foot general purpose grounded extension cord is exactly what you expect it to be as described on amazon .
lots of power , can handle continuous operation for long periods of time . it has a nice feel on the grip .
i purchased this to catch my brass while firing my guns . it does a good job . it's worth the money .
i used it to haul heavy cabinets into the house , using it like a dolly . it worked great and felt stronger than i would have imagined .
what can you really say about this product . it fits in my drill fine and the sockets fit on the end fine .
same review for the whole hue line of lighting systems - - they work great out of the box but they're just way overpriced .
very disappointed with these safety glasses - out of the package , the lens have small scratches and swirls in them .
i bought this set to help put together a pos hf folding trailer . with the air ratchet it made short work of the job and i highly recommend !
holds up very well removing sealant from masonry or precast . doesn't break or bend under load , as cheaper blades for similar tools do ! !
i guess it's okay , but it just doesn't have enough pressure for me . a messaging handheld shower should have some push behind it .
nothing fancy about these , just plastic covers . they come with the screws too , i was worried they might not , but they do .
my original guage on my residential well froze during the winter and was destroyed.this one works just fine as a replacement .
pretty small . they do not have a lot of gripping power . when squeezed , they flex somewhat . i would go with something else .
solid socket extenders . they're a bit pricey imo for something so simple , but if you need them , these are good ones .
my teacher recommend this to me . i feel this really good one and quite one . highly recommend this solder station .
i don't know why i hadn't bought this tool much earlier . it really does help with driving those screws in tight places . awesome buy !
this is one of the most used things in my tool collection . it checks so many types of batteries , not to mention the fuses and bulbs .
this air hose is just good enough for light duty use for the occasional user.the biggest problem with this hose is that in cold weather it turns rock hard .
this is a very heavy duty light and good and bright just like a flashlight is supposed to be . for a $ 100.00 light it better be .
these obviously aren't the greatest hinges in the world , but for the money i think they look as good at the pricey ones and are dirt cheap .
then it started to leak profoundly at the pivot point . faulty shower head . not durable .
does what it says . easy to keep the toilet covered so the cats don't drink out of it . easy to open and easy to close .
this works well . i wish i had got the larger one , the first time . it is awsome . go big when you buy
it installed easily , didn't leak and flushes as designed . i like the adjust-ability of the product to make it work in the old taller tanks .
i have had it for a year now . works accurately and easily . for such a cheap item , i love it .
magnet is good , it sticks just about anywhere . the light is very bright and overall the product seems like it will hold up well .
these batteries are expensive when purchased separately . you'll usually get a better deal buying the equipment equipped with the battery and charger .
this is the coolest pick up tool ever made . this is great for picking up tools.any metal object you can pick up with this .
these work as advertised and were easy to program . just wish they were a little smaller and not so obtrusive .
this is a solid rack which is not too hard to assemble . i will be ordering more of these in the future
i meant the bits of course.nice selection and was compatible with black & bdecker , dremel etc . case was convenient as well . good product .
works like it should . good for touch ups between whet stones . easy to carry and portable . blah 3 more words left blah .
these locks went in easy and look good and are goi g to work out good and the keys work great when opening the dooror locking them
the on / off switch is made very cheap and doesn't last long but the light output is good
just be aware that it has a 1/4 " shank . if that works for you , it's a good bit for regular use
seemed like a great light . but after about a month , it quit working . seems like just about everything made in china quits working rather soon .
product was as described , nice finish and worked perfectly . i used this on a kohler double bowl stainless steel kitchen sink and matched great .
this is a great little switch but you are going to need your microscope to hook up the speaker wires
the cut is smooth and perfect . for blade design works far better than any i have used . i would recommend this for multiple purposes .
it is hard to hang many of my ear protection muffs on it because only the wire part can be hooked on this holder .
i was surprised at the quality and more so due to the favorable price . shaves wood fast and the handles seem to be very secure .
it is nice to know ( a comfort ) that these are in my tool box , handy when i need them
like it so far , its a small little thing thats for sure . does everything we have wanted it to do ...
having the extra blades for various jobs is a real plus , and i've made use of all 3 blades ... quality plus safety , can't beat that combination .
lets see how long it holds up . the rubber tip has gone missing already so i hope that's not an indicator of things to come .
fairly good set , however be careful when drilling with small ones as expected they can be more prone to breaking
works , but nothing fancy . i knocked a star because i know these are manufactured in china for 28 cents a piece and we're paying too much .
very heavy duty and much better than the round ones . finally a bungee i can trust not to let go .
sturdy and sharp bits . i have yet to be disappointed with a dewalt product .
this thing sharpend my knives so much i can shave with it super easy to use dumby proof and works like a charm thanks guys . buy it
these are very well made and very bright . i have other brands that have fallen apart over the years . this product is mostly made of metal .
i used these to replace blades in an old black and decker electric 3 1/4 inch planer and they fit perfectly .
these are smartly designed . the size adjustment is one-handed twist easy ! the little light is very bright ! highly recommend ! ! you will see :)
easily installed . small and unobtrusive . setting the sensor at ground level , it is useful to detect armadillos digging holes and feeding in the yard .
i bought this led headlight for my camping trip and it performed great at night . the 3 settings came in handy and my kids loved it .
this vent looks great and works perfectly . this is well made and works just as it should to vent the attic .
helps to free my hands in tight places . fairly btight . wish it were a little lighter , but a good buy for the money .
tons of first aid in this package - - - i was surprised at how inexpensive it was !
works perfect , charges our ipads , all three generations just fine ! was a simple install and looks great with a decorative plate !
it's exactly what it says it is , which is jt - 21 staples . and that's what i needed :) i like that size for stretching watercolor paper .
received the handle today and installed it . it works great and i would recommend it to anyone .
according to dewalt , this charger doesn't work with firestorm batteries . i can confirm that it doesn't work with either of my 9.6 volt firestorm batteries .
it is cute and has a nice picture . ok projection distance . the only thing that would be better is if the picture moved .
great set , good for normal to advanced work , lithium ion batteries seem to have an excellent life and they charge quickly
didn't want to spend a whole bunch of money , just looking for a weatherproof meter that was accurate . this is a perfect match for my requirements .
i have used this tarp numerous times and it still looks brand new . it definitely will take abuse . it is thick and the grommets are sturdy .
very good flashlight to have on hand and keeep one in your boat and one in you car or truck
when i bought it i thought it was smaller flashlight but when i receive it's big but thought it would work didn't work after a month of using
the product arrived on time and the packaging was good . easy to assemble . it rolls nicely and i can store it away . i saves my back .
good strong bungee but the hooks are too small . won't fit around even small square tubing as i had hoped . still , they got the job done .
it works very well , produces a good bright light .. sensor is nice and sensitive , around 10 feet , or so . covers a good area .
these work perfect in my nail gun . the quality of these nails seem better than most i have seen in stores and online .
has some good information in it . the projects included in the book , are at a level , that just about anyone can do them .
works very good to trim tight miters ! did what i wanted it to do ! good product for the price paid !
i use these in my exhaust fan over the stove , these bulbs are difficult to find locally and i was very pleased i found them on amazon .
nice tool.amazing how many jobs i use it on around the house.sometimes i just think up jobs to use it on . i would recommend this tool .
not much too this one . it's cheap , cuts well , holds an edge well and does what a straight bit should do . ;)
this unique brush is very easy to use because of the flexible handle which keeps your wrist from getting tired .
this multi-purpose respirator seems to do an excellent job ! it is mid-range in cost . the fit is adjustable and is not uncomfortable to wear .
so it's not for your professional snap-on tools but for hobbies and in my case computer test and assembly tools it's perfect .
i have purchased several of these , good lights , easy to carry , and the price is easy on the pocket book .
great light when it was working . crapped out after about 6 months of infrequent indoor use . would not recommend this led bulb .
great for splitting that 30a nema l5 - 30 generator outlet to two l5 - 20 ( for regular 120v plugs ) 120volt outlets . really rugged construction .
only used one of the bits so far but it worked just as it should do . and a box as well ! what more can you ask for
they do their job - they make the dark go away . not much to say about a bulb . they work or they don't .
wish it didn't have the hot spot center of been but that's a common issue with low cost light . just ok
these blades fit my ancient xacto blade holder , and are sharp . i really don't know what more to say about them - they work to cut things !
goods received are well packed and estimated receipt of goods as advised was accurate . price of items is reasonable . sharpening kit does the job well .
after ordering the replacement switch , more parts were needed to make it waterproof . i decided to purchase a new pump .
works as it should anywhere i take it and very durable . just use it with reasonable care and it should last you a while .
if your gonna do a laminate floor spend the extra bucks and get this bar . it won't bend quite happy !
i love these pliers . for those applications where you do not want to mar a surface , they work great ! i recommend them .
have used on many cuts of trimming leads on soldering board .. cuts very close and cleanif i needed another would order same one
would be nice to have any easy was to unroll the wire.the spools that come on don't cut it .
if this color and dimness were available in a " decora " format i would buy this to replace all of my switches .
this does the trick when i need it ... can easily switch out with other inserts so that is a part of why i like it .
stick these on your mailbox and your letter carrier will thank you ! the numbers adhere well and should last as long as your mailbox .
the leather case for the old wave was far better than the leather ' sheath ' this one comes with .
you cant go wrong with dewalt products ! i'm very happy with these and will be buying more when i run out !
this is a nice little tool set for around the house . i have small hands the the size of the tools is perfect for me .
perfect light i use it and take it with me on all job sites . super bright and extremely lightweight . highly reccomended
always need an extra door transmitter just in case the one in the cars don't work or you are not using the car
highly recommended . good color match to incandescent bulbs . used them in a bathroom vanity retrofit pointing up . excellent diffuse light .
this studfinder works great . much better than the piece of crap electronic studfinder i had before .
great for small bath . finish seems to be holding up with humidity . easy to mount , stays put .
now my cordless drill / screwdriver can fit my sockets and flexible extension bit . i love these .
we have several 18 volt black & decker yard and work tools and this handy double charger sure keeps us humming along ! works like a champ .
a superb useful tool , i use this a lot more than i thought i would , good quality , very useful and accurate .
with the headlights of my 2007 honda crv on high beam shining on some bushes 200 ft away this light is every bit as bright as my headlights .
great price and works well . easy to remove and fit hose nicely . i used the product on my tablesaw . highly recommend .
these are excellent extension cords , i have two for my water fountains , they have been outdoors for a year and still like brand new .
works great and uses much less battery than the old bulb . i am using in my old military style aviator flashlights and bringing them up to modern standard .
these are fine work gloves for under $ 10 . i bought the large size and the fit was excellent for me .
it's a rubber hammer and works well . we used it for hammering in tent stakes and it did the job . seems to be well made .
quality is ok , when i see the price , it is no suprisingly so small one.but i don t think i will use it anymore .
these are junk , i bought four units about 8 months ago . not one of the four is working properly at this point ! save your money !
i needed some replacement tips for my soldering gun . the onlne purchase was more competitive and the produce seems to work fine .
solder works fine.melts as you would expect.holds wires just right.what ' s not to like ! does the job you ask of it .
bought to replace old rusty one we had been using . this works fine . we have had no problems with it at all .
good quality overall , but keeping it on for a long time will make your neck hurt ... the shield is nice and clear .
i sent this back . it has very low light output and was not up the makita standards i am use to .
the one i received was junk . the power button stopped working and got stuck / jammed after only a short while of use . returned
these clamps come in handy for assembling anything . they hold fast no matter what you are trying to put together .
does exactly what it is supposed to do . sounds expensive but the value is there . saving a finger or two is worth the cost .
i've purchased four of these and they are by far the best toolbox for the price i have found to date .
these are high quality devices that work as advertised . i am a senior citizen and these save me from stooping over to make and break connections .
ordered three of these pencils and none of them came with lead . just go to to your local store and buy a mechanical pencil .
great night lights to place around the house.roaming around at night , visitors , subduedlighting . these are really , really nice .
matched the levolor rod we bought perfectly . easy to install . they are not heavy duty so make sure you use wall achors or find studs .
bright , quality , very light , long distance beam , shines bright enough to light up all of my 7 acres , 300 + yard illumination .
a nice product that installed quickly and makes the screen door on my motor home easier to use .
these are great only problem is i worry about starting a forest fire i recommend only using after a heavy rain storm they are cool though
from the easy to change blades , to the light weigh , to variable speed settings , to the one board blade storage , love it .
great little flashlight for my glove , very bright and good for the price . not bad for a triple aaa battery .
i think it's a little obnoxious there's some sort of backdoor for these locks . but i'm more concerned about keeping kids and snoops away , not the government .
works exactly like you think it will . the plug is super tight but that's not that big of a deal .
bought this to use with the skill baby drill . think it outweighs the drill motor ! but it is high quality and easy to chuck bits in .
good variety acceptable quality great prize , the box is made by monkeys and will come apart but hey it is another project for the woodshop !
good for the price . i wanted and got all wood cutting not assorted blades.good brand name . i was pleased with how long they stay sharp .
they're nails . they work . no problems . that's about all i can say about this . give them a try and i doubt you'll be disappointed .
i love these safety glasses that double as sun glasses . they do last long but if i do break or scratch them they are cheap to replace
comes in real handy when using my dremel . i do a lot of miniature modeling work and this assortment of bit do the job .
when i recieved this and showed some people from work , they wanted to throw theirs in the garbage.good quality machining and well put together . thank you
what can i say ? fit right on my router . oem part from porter cable should fit on one of their products . now 11 words
got these to change blade's on my lawn mower's . they are good . i would recommend them to my friend's .
kd tools ... nut driver ... very expensive - not made in usa . if i wanted taiwan or china , i would have shopped at pep boys !
a handy item to keep in your electrical toolbox . a nice touch is that it has a light code sticker on each side .
only works for baseboard , not fan blown . might be fine ( though not programmable ) for baseboards , but simply won't work for fans .
4 the money it is a good set when a hole 4 electrical is needed conduit and such is required or needed you wont go wrong 4 the price
nice product , just as pictured and described , comes with 2 sets of batteries , easy to use and has a great flickering candle effect , i highly recommend
i haven't actually used these yet but my brother in law has a pair and that's why i bought them . i'm sure i won't have any problems as these
this works well with the 501 flashlight mounted on a side rail on a rifle . the switch fits perfect in the slots on a front handle .
works as advertised , was delivered promptly . now if i can just start losing the weight ... ;)
if you use auger bits of any brand get this file . it is amazing how much better you can sharpen them with this tool
i've tried lots of clamps on my vacuum system , these work better than some . i have yet to find a real good clamp for that purpose .
i used this drill and is very good tool , very low price and big job . im so happy with this buy .
i just bough this item but i have not used it yet . so i can not write any thing good or bad about this reflective spray paint
good driver , not great . the bits tend to slide out easily . it is convenient to have so many bit / socket options available in your hand .
perfect for doing brakes on a car ( removing those stubborn caliper bolts ) - just the right size to fit under the wheel well .. would highly recommend .
what do you write about a drain assembly . i needed it for new bathroom and it seems to do what it's supposed to do .
better than the ones the gun range promoted was the " best " ! they fit tight but i am able to wear my glasses still . highly recommend .
very bright ! ! ! great beam at a long distance . worth the money . you can easily see this flashlight from blocks away .
the air pressure gauge is a little cheesy . not a good quality but the rest of the kit seems to be well built
i wish i would of had this item years ago to go with my little giant ladder . very strong even for a heavy weight like me .
very nice . i'm using them in my stairway and they work great . probably will be getting more since my stairway is long . provide good lighting .
these hex shank drills eliminate slippage and make change painless in hex drive . good quality .
bought a new ingersoll rand through amazon and needed these to make it useable . includes the sockets you will need . work great !
works as advertised . seems to detect voltage quite well - i had fun running around the house and placing it next to various electrical devices .
i foolishly thought that these were regular finishing nails . i don't have a nail gun . i gave them to my next door neighbor who does .
i love these switches . do not have to turn the fan off when the kids forget to do it . totally cool ...
due to a poorly designed shower / bath tub , i needed an extension shower arm , and this thing works pretty well . and it looks pretty good .
didn't work right out of the box . you think timex would have a quality product but not so it seems .
it's a decent device . wish it fit a bit more sturdily into a power socket , but it's very serviceable . recommended .
not much to review with this item . they work as advertised , seem to be well made , and are available at a reasonable price .
i ordered this as a gift for my stepfather and he loved it , good and sturdy works great would recommend to friends and other family
this film , when mounted on windows facing east , south and west , reduced the heat in the house by at least 15 degrees
this stubby claw hammer is just the right size for those tight to get to places where a regular claw hammer will not access
i am disabled and find myself with lots of free time so i put puzzles together and this light helps light up the projects that i am working on .
this is the most cleaver of devices that provides accurate and exact cuts for any crown molding that i know of .
reasonably priced . exactly what i was looking for . had maglite for 20 years and needed a replacement flashlight battery for the old maglite
the rod strike easy all the way down . very nice on a 70 amp welder . highly recomend getting these today .
they work very well in my battery powered nail gun . they don't jam . been putting up pine board and the really work well and hole well .
we have 4 rain barrels that we drop this pump in and water our garden , works great with the rain barrels
well made ; very handy to have around . item as described . great for behind dressers and furniture that sits close to the wall .
the screws are great for hardwood , i love pocket screws , they make life easy , i use them on all my cabinets .
this appears to be a handy around-the-house kit . i haven't used it yet---we'll see if the pieces hold up with use / over time .
stanley tra 700bn heavy-duty staple & brad assortment , 2500 - pack contains a nice assortment of staples ! didn't need the brad nails though
high quality , but not quite high enough to deserve the price they ask . good solid little knife worth half the price .
excellent product , well made , built like a truck . quiet an easy to install . took all of an hour to do it .
great set for the price . comes with a nice carrying case . the sockets also have a light coat of oil which is great for preventing rust .
just what i needed . this raised the head far enough that i could use a rain shower head for my enclosed shower .
lets say i cant say nothing bad about this saw . everything you need but a dado blade and dado plate .
fine teeth and leaves a good edge need to have for special cutting in the blade selection of the fein multimaster
these were great gloves especially at this price point . slightly thicker than i was expecting , but i was totally able to use my pistol with them on .
best way to remove epoxy grout from tile and stone without scratching . however you have to buy a bunch of these , since they wear out extremely quickly .
finish of the tips of the tweezers are no good . i have to use dremel to adjust by myself . see pictures .
nice set , it contains many of the more popular bits in an easy to store or carry set .
a great tool that will last you for a long time . dewalt makes a durable and tough drill . dont hesitate .
i bought this to go with all my other dremel accessories and am happy with the product and glad i bought them have already used and it worked well
very well designed fixture for our master and visitors bathrooms . better than what i found at the big box stores .
the unit is heavy and the dust collection is weak . but it does have power to spare . the variable speed is a nice addition .
the crown is okay . my favorite hand saw is a pull saw from shark . i use the pull saw when ever possible .
ordered with bit kit ; works great , turns my cx skeletool into a multifunction device . would recommend for anyone who " tinkers " .
i use these all the time and for the price it's amazing . if any of my friends need tools , i'll recommend these .
how can it be enviornmentally friendly if you have to dispose of it after one use ? and it is pretty short . needs to be longer .
really not much to say about these other than they do what there suppose to do and are long lasting .
just the kind of quality i would expect from channellock . the jaws fit cleanly and hinge is smooth . very happy .
perhaps these are counterfeit--the tip on the 1.0 x40 ( smallest slotted ) just twisted and sheared when i tried to remove a tight screw from a camera .
awesome little knife ! we bought this for my sone because it had all of the tools that a boy should have ! wonderful price and knife !
i buy these 3 at a time because people steel them when you are using them with a crew , that's how useful they are .
product performs as expected , no issues with it . i use mostly milwaukee tools and have had great success with performance and reliability
i was amazed at the light from this product . it lights the way for my trip under my home to inspect the pipes .
i put a couple of these in my hangar with heavier grade rheostats and they work perfectly . speed control is good , fans are quiet and look good .
disappointed that it is made in china . i'm happy to help the us veterans , but not china . the bar is ok to pry with .
it's a jumpsuit made of tyvek . get dirty cleaning out the oil cans and junk in the basement and throw it away afterwards .
i like the compact size . easy to use , especially for cleaning pint from newly-painted window frames . easy to refill , too .
great cigar scissors ! very sharp ! high quality ! very nice box that they come in as well for shipping purposes ! ~ very nice product indeed .
easily programmed using the easily understood instructions . it worked liked a charm and would highly recommend as the unit works and is priced right .
unlike older ones these actually replace a 60 watt bulb . some of the old ones weren't that bright , these seem to accurately replace 60 watt bulbs .
does exactly what i need it to do . it finds live circuits and shows me where there are open circuits . great safety and troubleshooting device .
the tekton 25 foot tape measure was a good purchase . it is built tough to withstand occasional dropping . the foot / inch markings are easy to read .
simple to use . works great . inexpensive . what else can i ask for ? ? ?
worked flawlessly on cement board siding . didn't jam once and it's easy to load . this is a very dependable product .
very happy with the product . i have only used it a couple time , yet it still holds it's charge , very powerful .
these locks came quickly installed quickly look nice and are well priced . used on my front and back doors and am very pleased . would buy again .
nice product , it serve it's function well . great accuracy , but sometimes it does not fit a certain dowel . minor negative thing i guess .
using this bulb in my ott lite clam shell fixture . it is certainly as bright if not brighter then the original bulb .
also has a way to wire the wall control panel to the protector . not comfortable doing this even though i have wired outlets , etc .
i used this to remove the lug nuts off an old army trailer . it flexed somewhat , but i never felt like it was going to break .
well packaged . all parts work just fine . instead of using the metal clips they supplied to hold up the lights under the cabinets , i used velcro .
these work very well and now i have enough to last forever for the price of one , most places . so put them with your watch batteries :-) .
jig is exactly as advertised , kreg does it again . i would recommend kreg products to anyone that does carpentry work .
amazon has found another product with terrific pricing and superior quality . use these for home gunsmithing work and these do a great job .
this is a must have tool when applying edge banding on plywood edges , a very well built tool after two years just like new .
have in several areas of yard and all workwonderfully . price is so good , can renewevery two years if need be .
excellent value . why would i even consider another brand ? works great and the dust collection system actually catches most of the dust .
price is good , but not as bright as i expected . why i received one with the gold rim ? isn't it silver as the photo shown ?
i have used this model for years and it has always served me well . if i try to pry anything to heavy it will flex but not bend .
works like a charm . easy to grip and use . has all the sizes i was looking for.very solid and compact . does what it's supposed to do .
i've used this on both my table saw and ridgid planer and when activated , this thing doesn't budge ! absolutely no complaints !
there things that could of been added to this to make it more versatile . okay for what you buy , plastic .
mounted on bottom of drawer works smooth hopefully will last a long time screws included no instructions of any kind , seem to be built very sturdy .
it makes it a lot easy to have the 4 pack for rotation of charged item to always have a working flaslight .
all i can say i don't know how i used my ras without it ! makes using and squaring up the saw a breeze .
this is the best way to micro adjust a laser , i also bought the telescoping pole in which this designed to work with . great combo .
very simple to use and program . also like that it fits into just one outlet . works as advertised .
buying a quality dupont disposable suit with hood and booties from them was less expensive than a previous suit i bought without the hood and booties ... thanks !
works great . no issues . great price . buy it . does the trick . great case and looks and functions like it's well made .
the night light in my combination bathroom fan / light fixture requires this type base . ... meh 6 more words required . bla bla bla !
it is a switch that once wired into your gang , allows you to access the ability to turn off and on an outlet .
great bottle open . caps come off very easily and aren't all bent to hell . i really like the screw driver like handle . would definitely recommend .
this thing is very nice ! it has great power , batteries last a very long time . changing blades is a snap !
nice fit for battery checker . purchased two of these units for christmas gifts.would recommend to others.amazon comes through once again .
very well made , very easy to use . this is made the way tools oughta be made ! wouldn't hesitate to buy it again .
amazon never lets me down when i'm looking for almost anything . another great deal on a tool i've been needing to pickup for a while .
these pliers are excellent quality . they provide a firm grip and feel good in your hand . just don't know why i have to write 4 more words ?
it's good for a backlight or accent lighting as it's not real bright . use it to type with on my laptop
this medallion is made of plastic instead of plaster but it is impossible to tell . looks amazing extremely happy with product .
very convenient for my maglight , well worth the money , easy to use on any pants , holds my flashlight solid as a rock , worth the investment
don " t hold up as well as the original fine blades but the cost is so much less that they make a lot of sense .
i have used this rotarty tool on a few projects now and it does the job . the varible speed helps with control . i would reccomend this .
it is great for pointing at each object and getting an accurate temperature . it is easy to operate and a great choice mini temp .
this is a low tech , and low cost way to find studs . it is an excellent complementary companion for the franklin sensor .
didn't have a battery so i had to buy one , also glued velcro to back of sensor , and to garage door to make battery replacement easier .
this light is suprisingly bright for its size . the magnetic base has come in very handy . batteries last very long .
needed an easily portable socket set to travel with my battery operated dewalt impact gun ; great combo , even on tough lug nuts on my tractor ! !
just what i was needing and at a good price . the unit fit perfectly for replacement in repair of a lanp . the switch works fine .
love it ! light weight with excellent torque . i'm pro contractor . for everyday usage it's great . i wouldn't use to build a deck .
great for small parts , close pcb boards like the xbee breakout board which has holes 2mm apart instead of the more usual 0.1 " ( 2.54 mm . )
this is a great product but there is something to mention about it . it is not electronic at all . it's a mechanical product .
i may never live long enough to use all of these , but they work in the grex nailer . quality product !
these are the same quality as the blades that came with the planer . very good deal for the money spent .
i used this product and still amazed how much quality hitachi has in there power tools . i wouldn't go with any other brand .
this extractor works fine for taking out your typical sized screw , but don't bother using this on anything larger . i ended up breaking one of the extractors .
one of best purchases i have made recently . great compressor for small jobs . light and quiet . beats having to drag out bigger compressor and hoses .
excellent quality , better than i expected . highly recommend this product and can't beat the price . don't need to say more .
this is as expected , a plastic template guide with 2 bits and a centering rod . performs as well and does the job .
if you need a tool , you will love this multitool from leatherman.saludos , allan .
ch quality . heavy impact , not too heavy to hold . standard chisel accessories used .
these look great and are comfortable . great noise suppression . they fold inside themselves to take up less space . i would buy them again . highly recommend .
i purchased 2 of these at the same time to warm up our 3 season porch when it in the 50 ' s and they do a great job !
bought this with the 1600 cfm fan and works great and closes flat , just don't torque the thing down and it won't bind .
decent quality - low cost . great to have on hand for hobby projects . handles are nice - picks are sharp !
works great to pry the forty year old paneling off of the drywall . we are also using it to pull up tile .
neat little micro-screwdriver . has several heads contained inside of the body . i placed it in my maxpedition everyday carry ( edc ) bag .
fits 1/4 inch tubing perfectly , no issues and fast shipping . will work with low pressure or standard faucet pressure . good to have around
bought one , then another , and another , and a few more . bright enough for a battery-powered led fixture . do it . etc .
i bought this years ago , and it works well . i have a double router table . it's very easy to use .
i was looking for a fine tooth blade that i could use to cut 1/4 " plywood but primarily plexiglass . works well on both materials .
it's a small accessory with a big benefit on your belt . serves multiple purposes . i wish it was made just a little bit narrower .
this particular product is very well made and serves my purpose for my router table . recommend this product with or without the router table.larry
this switch has it all . i highly recommend it . it made my life easier at a minimal cost . i wish i owned it a long time ago
pretty hard to say anything about a light bulb . one good thing - it only takes one person to change it .
while i haven't used it , it is a multi-functional hammer / crow bar that should be able to do its job .
not much to say really . there saw blades and they cut stuff . fast shipment and pretty good price when thrown in with other orders .
these work well to direct water where you want it , but it is better to order a dark color .
alpha fry rosin core solder was purchased to complete a project i was working on . 60-40 solder worked perfectly ! will buy more alpha fry solder as needed .
good overview of how to use the product . probably should have been a little cheaper for what is basically advertising , or included with jig .
it's quick and easy for normal testing . it also works testing gfci outlets . no batteries to wear out or anything and it seems a pretty simple device .
i have used this multi-tool for everything . this thing tackles all problems that comes its way . don't leave home without it .
good impact drive . i have only used a couple of times , but it seems to work very good . i think this is a good buy .
well made and a fairly strong magnet to hold heavy tools . easy to mount and good quality . this is a good buy for the money .
these are just like any other spade bit , nothing special to see here . works for what it was designed to do .
great " add on " price . use these a work , so so light that you don't realize you have safety glasses on .
this is the only light that i have installed on the exterior of my house that i am extremely happy with .
one more great tool from the compact series of bosch - 12v-max.it is a compact but very powerful driver with strong batteries and fast charger .
tough blades , very well made and cut very smoothly , quickly , and do not wear the saw down ... good price and value
cheap , fast shiping , quality product . actually made in america which is a rare treat . i would buy these again but will probably never have to .
i have to cut a lot of heavy duty cardboard . this device cuts cleanly and precisely . this will cut light weight materials well .
these things hurt my ears after wearing them for 1-2 hours . the concept is great , but they didn't work for me .
i purchased to wipe down the drops of water on inside of glass shower stall . works fairly well followed by wiping cloth .
doesn't seem to fog . i haven't had anything impact the lens yet , so i don't know how strong it really is . but the fit is good .
good flashlight for any purpose also fits a 1 - inch mount for over or side mount for your rifle or shotgun .
item did not work , it blew air all over ( some kind of internal leak ) . bought a replacement of different brand from local hardware .
hubby loves it so i am happy . led is absolutely the very best in helping keep the desk area cool .
numbers are visible , 90 is true and has a good weight to it . if you need a speed square , don't look elsewhere . i like it .
really nice quality mallet . inserts are as good as any and this is a heavy duty , well made mallet . nice size and comfortable grip .
expensive , but less than other places you can buy it . color is nice and seems to continue working so far !
it was exactly what i was looking for at a great price over the big box stores . works great easy to install came with all you need .
the decription said candleobla but they were reg base i keep them anyway's any used them in other part's of the house
excellent product assuming you need the ability to move your saw around . fit my dewalt 708 fine . very solid . good price .
awesome power , better hold on with both hands because this thing will break your wrists if you aren't careful.this will put a hole in anything , no issues !
these are great for ensuring you get a nice perfectly placed pilot hole in whatever metal you are drilling . nice !
while not seeming to be as high an output as i expected , it still doesn't do a bad job . the zoom feature is nice as well .
this installs just as expected and functions as i wanted . i would definitely purchase it again if i needed another .
this is loud enough for them to hear you if they are 5 feet from you , otherwise it is a waste of money
5 stars all the way , had them on for 3 months , used them daily , everything still intact well . great purchase . can't go wrong buddy ...
these work great , and in a quantity where i don't have to worry about running out when i am out in the field or on weekends
turns on immediately and has a nice warm color ; it can be dimmed about 50 % , and gives out plenty of light .
this rating is for a great product , a handy tool , and i'm very pleased with the purchase . i would buy it again .
best method i determined to keep handguns out of the wrong hands when someone visits who might be to curious .
just as expected and the perfect size for an assortment that will fit inside of the nail guns case for whatever comes up .
one of the best penetrating fluids available and an absolute necessity during the cold winter months when changing the oil or transmission etc .
works great i keep two in my bob bail out bag . functional i mean it works just fine when eating soup .
i expect this saw to be a workhorse in the shop with good functionality . nicely made and an excellent value .
good quality pocket light , light weight , very bright , switch is sturdy , and its a pelican . they always back their products .
this is to be used on a shed and a deck i will be building in the next six months
there is nothing un usual about this product . it does what it is suppose to do , so no complaints really .
these night-lights consume almost no power and yet they light the way . had them for over 6 months now and no issues or complaints from the family .
would recommend to anyone quick delivery great tool for use i would purchase from this site again easy to use
33 ' electric fiberglass wire pull rods fish tape . these are small but long and are good in walls . have not used these much yet .
the tape is really thin . it worked for my purpose . but i expected more . so only give three stars . would not recommend .
very complete set . nothing does the work of a dremel and these accessories are a must .
there screws what else can you say ! ! ! a bit pricey but they do their job . happy wish they were cheaper though
cheap enough kit to do the job for what i need , can't complain , comes with a lot of cutting wheels and good assortment of fittings
this was a purchase not for a dremel tool but a wen i purchased here.all parts work great ! shipping was fast ! i would buy again when needed !
i wish it also detected wire / pipes , but it works for locating those hidden studs very well . definitely recommend this if you need one .
this is a great saw , we moved to hawaii and i needed a new saw . i couldn't think of a better saw to buy than this one
bought these for my boat to replace hot halogen and to save some battery . tried three kinds and these are the best .
arrived quickly . needed for drilling shelf hangers in a tight spot . they worked perfectly with the dewalt angle drill adapter i also just purchased .
very sturdy piece , mechanic quality . works well ... i have onenow sitting around for sale if interested , as i no longer own a honda .. ;-)
i bought this to use with a wiha allen wrench set , it does not fit the entire set as the pouches are too close together
took less than 5 minuite to install . just plug in to power outlet after inserting battery . i'm buying another one .
lri fmw photon freedom led keychain - - units came pdq - - they are great units - very bright and work well -
my kids and wife need smaller framed glasses . these glasses fit the bill perfectly . they fit well and protected their eyes good while remodeling our new home .
they seem to do the trick and stick pretty well so far , we will , see how they last for awhile and then i will let you know
this item just plain works and build quality is great . the price was just right ! i would recommend it to others .
purchased long time ago , but it is still working and i love itpurchased long time ago , but it is still working and i love it
just like everything else kreg sells it s over priced as an add on.over priced over priced over priced
what can you say about nuts and bolts ? as long as they are threaded right and the nuts go on smoothly , they are good .
this power transformer works very well . it is small and lightweight . it was simple to install . it also was very affordable .
nice assortment of blades at a good price with a case to house them in . good buy and handy to have .
it works ok , but it is not a flotec . we'll see how it lasts come the next freeze . the old one died during the last freeze .
the black flashlight was missing the parts required to insert batteries to make it work . without the spring and clips for the battery compartment the flashlight is worthless .
i bought ( 2 ) of these several months ago and they are still working . that's all i say right now . i'll probably buy some more .
i ran all summer pumping out the central air precipitation about 6 foot into a sewage drain pipe . very reliable and quiet .
i purchased this to replace the old one that failed after a dozen or so years . this one is identical to the original and works as it should .
works fine but lacks power if you want to do something heavier . i use it for light cuts in my construction trade .
bought this for my husband ... it has a cool laser sight that works awesome ... my husband was so impressed with my purchase :)
the case is horrible . the bits dont push into the holders , instead the slide in from above or below . your fingers will not be happy .
it works as advertised , fits well , looks well made . unless something turns up , i can recomend this light holder and i would buy it again .
i use it on my dewalt portable it gives smoother cuts only drawback is you can't cut as deep with it .
these work as you'd expect them to but they were much smaller than i thought i was getting so pay better attention than i did no the size .
this product is easy to use and does the job perfectly , protecting the cut ends of hardwoods , no matter what their use .
i have not had a chance to try a dewalt impact wrench , but an impact wrench milwaukee , does not fit , is a bit loose .
i didn't get electrocuted so i guess it works . i was able to check the wiring on cables i thought were bad . perfect little tool !
i wanted to improve my view of what i was trying to route , and this did the trick . they should sell all routers with these clear bases .
i tried using a regular wrench , but they are too wide . this wrench is a must have for removing collets on the router .
i just wanted to comment on this " not-walking " tip that it advertises . i just think about that frequently while the bit is walking around .
these were just what we were looking for . these are used at work and the perfect size . would buy again .
the only reason i didn't give this a five star rating , was that it has a very focused beam . i would prefer a wider flood-type beam .
ok nice assortment but nuts are nut uniform size , a metric wrench sometimes fits or a std wrench sometimes fits . poor quality .
this puppy is awesome for demolition . it is solid steel with a rubber grip coating . it can smash through almost anything .
i can say this is well made and is a nice addition to my tool collection . would recommend his item .
these are nice to have around . i haven't had to use them yet , but just in case its always good to have on hand . good price .
great product for those smaller jobs . for me those larger tools are cumbersome and are not as convent . thank you
love the hook holding them together . bags have nice zippers and the materials look very strong . works as expected for my use .
they are cast metal , most likely pot metal . well finished and llok good for the intended purpose . no compliants . thanks !
fits perfectly for the filter cap on b8 . 5 s4 . wish i'd had it when i was doing my first oil change !
from tile , to wood working , these work great wherever they are used . i fully intend to purchase more when needed
looks , great , easy to install , and works great . not a lot needs to be said other than i am completely satisfied with my purchase .
these are nice and heavy and do not tangle like others do . very good quality should last long time . a +
works great at dulling the glare from other cars on the road at night . reduces eye straining a good deal .
great hold , no release as in lesser quality clamps . nothing plastic with tis product . very happy with it and its functionality .
accusharp 001 knife sharpener . works well as well , sharp , keep the edge such as original . every kitchen should have one . thanks .
i like these kind of towels a lot--similar to cloth diapers . fairly soft and absorbent.it suits my needs--they're pretty all purpose . recommend .
got four of these little guys and they burn out pretty fast . had the first one go only after about a month of occasional use .
just as advertised . not much to say about them . rugged so i should get a long life out of them .
should have bought one before now . i have used all other brands but this one is my favorite . i will buy again
made my life sooo much easier . it really is like having a third arm and a third eye . i haven't burned my fingers since i bought it .
these work very well , a little under powered , but they keep the noise out and let you listen to you tunes , very nice
i needed these to tighten some very small screws . the quality of these made the job easy . much better than the chinese junk .
this is a solid , easily used tape meas . the slide stabilizer works well when stopping or slowing the retraction ofl the tape . i would recommend .
exactly as advertised , easy to use and accurate . i recommend it to all serious cooks or hobbyists who want accuracy in an easy to use device .
was a bit skeptical at first , however i was not disappointed.have gone through many showerheads , but this has been the best so far .
these are a great clamp but you can buy them for half the price at many other places .
has been a great way to maintain belts . not sure what i would do without it . lasts a long time .
i like this item and i'm contemplating purchasing a few more ; very bright and can be used just for regular lighting in a dark area .
that's about it they simply work i had to extract a bolt or screw rather out of the gas cap so i can take it apart and have it chromed
amazing product ! very sharp seems to be very good quality . very good quality and 1/2 inch - what i was looking for ! i would buy again .
the price was acceptable and the materials are sturdy . the lights are not as bright as i needed them to be .
great punch set for thin metals or plastics . makes clean holes and sturdily constructed . nice box to hold all the parts well .
beautiful mini flashlight , as all stream light products , works very well reliable , very protective package , arrive fast , everything as expected
exactly what is described - its good , its cheap , and it works .. it is nice and slick so its easy to pull through walls .
great light to see the dark places where you have to go somtimeswouldnt know what to do without it .
not really sure what all to say ... two brushes , they spread the glue out , and the glue peals off the brush nicely ! !
this light is very bright and casts a beam quite a long way . dimly lights up trees almost 100 yards away.brightly lights up anything 50 yards away .
when you don't need a big cutter this thing comes in handy . not to mention fits into tight areas unlike full size ones
great set of wrenches for a ridiculous price ... i almost bought a single wrench at my local hardware store for what this entire set cost !
looks like a toy but is a very handy tool . i use it primarily for cleaning the bottoms of dadoes and it does that very well .
after tearing out some parts ( very easy ) this thing has some great pressure , and best of all the shampoo washes out with ease !
this is a way better replacement holster for my fenix ld22 . i use it 6 days a week at work . hope this helps .
i think the folks that have issues with these must not understand sanding , maybe they're trying to fold it them over a block of wood.works perfect on my dewalt
i am on my third one in a year , and it just died.too bad . a little quality control would make it a useful product .
i have been using forrest blades for a long time and heartily recommend them to anyone that does finish woodworking - for rough work an inexpensive blade is fine .
i do not understand its function . lots of screw , but very little handles . other variants are much better than this .
works well . very happy with it . does what i need doing . saves a lot of time . has a learning curve .
difficult to use and understand . no connector i have purchased has lived up to my satisfaction . none lasted too long either ...
as the headline suggests , this replacement part is identical to the original toto part . it lasts as long . and it's cheaper . what's not to like ?
used these at my old job , and really liked how well they worked . great with making snares too , must have !
this is a very fine and well built hammer of the finest order that can ever be owned by anyone . i highly recommend it as the very best .
a good way to buy extra blades and keep them in a neat little case . they look like good quality
i bought these to add a pop-up countertop extension in my trailer . they hold a ton of weight . very nice .
i can't seem to find any corded equipment by dewalt that is sub par . if this was stolen , i would buy another .
excellent , high quality tool . would not buy anything other than whiteside . if you want the best , then buy this tool . period .
i used the hand held vacuums and have always wanted to get one , so i broke down and purchased it . works great .
for a diyer , these are very good quality at an excellent price . what more could i ask for even at twice the price ?
the flashlight is bright and works great . the adjustable focus is not the smoothest . if that was improved i would give it a 5 .
depending on the project , you can definitely get the right size screws to do the job when that size is needed .
if you are working up high or overhead these nut setters will save you many trips down the ladder picking up dropped fastners . well worth the price .
much better then using acid brushes , easy to clean , works great . who could ant more i now have 4 brushs
works great . used at work and does the job with no problem . klein always makes a great product and i would recommend this for your wiring needs
target card for use with laser measure in situations where surface is insufficiently reflective get a reading . very well made .
these are perfect for remote lamp control on a z wave system . they are easy to connect to vera lite .
i bought a couple of these for my home for the protection . they work well and alarm quickly if there are any issues .
works and would get more if needed . when you don't have a lighter or match use this and its good
now these attachments from b & d are outstanding , they cover all the bases in this case a jig saw which is so handy for small quick jobs .
they seem to work ok but are not as bright as the ones i had before i replaced them with these .
the combination of ac power with battery back up is nice . it is a good value for the money .
i leave this light on outside of my house 24/7 for months and it still shines like it's brand new i am gonna buy lots of these
clever pocket tool , but watch out . this thing will gore you with its sharp ends and tear up your pockets .
very nice and portable .. very strong signal and garage door responds instantly ! ! .. i would buy it again !
works great on plywood . no sanding needed . i liked it so much i got another freud for my 10 " table saw . it works great too.bainmo
bosch has done it again.well made , works great and does the job well.you can't go wrong with this one .
tested this item on several pieces of wood over several days and the readings seem to be consistent . would buy this again
perfect for new house . i can convert all electronics to make it work .
if you want a reliable , good looking electronic doorbell , i highly recommend this product . no wires , no fuss ... and the button never sticks .
i purchased this for my cosco multi ladder and it is a great investment ! makes standing on my ladder a lot more comfortable !
this matches , all my other moen fixtures - quality product and easy to install , sells for much higher price at lowes and home depot
great tool for the job and easy to . find the one you want . fit the hand so easy to use
this works although it took me 10 min . to figure out how to put it together lol ! and would order more if i had more space ..
feels a little cheap and it pops open at times but better than seeing the old set up where the outlet door was always open .
this box is a good price for what it does . it is a little bulky , but other than that it does the job !
this hard hat is more comfortable than any l have ever worked in . i highly recommend this hard hat for purchase .
been over more than a year and the bulbs are still shining . color isnt as warm as incandescent , but it's not white like tube fluorescent .
through 2 walls , no problems . this unit rocks and recommend this unit to all woodworkers , it is worth the price .
well made , heavy , and easy to install . better than the square ones since this taper allows a smoother transition for the dust , etc ..
a good quality nut driver set with comfortable yet anti-slip type grips . not sure what purpose the color coding serves ' cause i'll never remember them !
good stuff , still works , does not look like the picture but it make no deference , it's been like 4 moths still works ..
grat product would recommend it for anyone trying to break down 4 by 8 sheets . makes cutting safer and saves time
and this little light works wonders ! i purchased it on a goldbox deal price that was quite cheap . i highly recommend it .
this product is very comfortable and works great . i would recommend them to anyone looking for a good respirator that not too expensive .
all good . haven't used it too much but it works as an extension cord should . no issues whatsoever . all good .
been using these on the work sites , gave a few to a co worker .. they retain their sharpness and would order them again .
stuck where i put it on metal frames , seems to hold well , so far , so good . will monitor for a while longer .
a high quality and very quiet exhaust fan that was fairly easy to install and looks fine but was a little pricy .
great for using if you want to pur an edge on a knife that you could shave with , orther wise the medium grit dies just fine .
good unit , lots of settings , but did not work well with my low water pressure , it's not waterpik . it's the crapy pipes i have .
this had been great for expanding my dremel tool system . it is great and very easy to use . i recommend it .
nicely built , sturdy construction tight fitting . they work better than other higher priced ones i have had in the past
a little pricy but it is a level that will last forever . just dont leave it laying around .
wore down my original one a whole lot sooner than i expected . this fit perfectly and so far seems to be holding up much better .
great set for the money i am very pleased with this product i would buy again when i lose one ha
if you are getting the drill you will need these to do the work . very happy with the bosch products
this is probably the best valve out there for the individual cans of r134a . very well made . stays sealed , no leaking . no corrosion .
this item works great . it has plenty of power to handle most jobs . i would recommend this over a hammer drill ; it is much faster .
it does the job . it will hold a light on a bike and a gun . it is easy to move from one gun to another .
its just a piece of molded rubber , but it does what it is supposed to do ( keep unwanted items from falling into your garbage disposal unit . )
using this for a firewood cover , it works as it should , keeping rain and snow of my firewood , works as it should .
pull and push . that's all there is to add increments of time to turn the switch on and off . works well and quiet .
works great , but batteries that came with unit are supposed to last 200 hours - not so .
super tough and user friendly . allows you to get in tight spaces . doesn't seem to have any problem driving really high torque fasteners . its very robust .
they work great . i use them for turning on and off pumps my ro / di system .
use them everyday and can't go without one . price was right and now i have an extra to go in my drill box .
i bought it to replace the previous i bought along with the drill . the work fine and reliable for the cost of the unit
i purchased them for working in a dusty area , in conjunction with a respirator . the goggles work well and completely cover your eyes for full protection .
bought this for amateur gunsmithing and it seems to work quite well . the ends are changeable if they were to wear or break
recd them all well packed , but one is not working , i ended throwing it away . they're pretty nice to power your high usage flashlight .
works as advertised , and programming was a breeze . i would recommend this as a replacement to your original garage door opener .
been a professional remodeler for over 40 years and these are the most comfortable , durable easy to work with and long lasting gloves that i have ever used .
this one is the best i have ever had . touch is very soft but accurate cut . solid performance . i'll give six star if permitted .
as i get older i find these devices extremely useful . this replaced a more expensive on yet is better . very useful illuminating system
i've used a few bits so far for grinding metal.worked pretty good for me . plenty sizes to choose from so good overall for the price .
i easily run a box of these through my guns in a month . tried knock offs but they're not worth it.love em !
i have had junk drills before but these are good general purpose drills . use them all the time for metal and wood .
very bight light and easy istallation . build quality is so so , but can't really complain for the price . i would buy again .
i order this because it was an led and the outside cover was red . they are very nice flashlights and give off great light .
good quality , will handle hard work , and still hang in there , this is a buy product and the price is right
i purchased this to hold the beads / findings and jewelry supplies for my handmade jewelry . i received one for christmas and had to order two more .
love the rule . very easy to read . i also love the end markings when you can't fit the rule in the given space .
fantastic sanding belts with much more life in them compared to others i've used . i will be buying these exclusively .
well made small flashlight . plenty of light to use inside the house or car . recommended to have few of them at hand .
product does exactly what it is supposed to do . it was very easy to set-up , literally just a push of a button .
works very well an versatile , very bright beam.all their products so far have not had any problems with an are top notch .
after struggling forever with single pod chargers i bought this and am now a happy camper . it works great and even charges brands besides dewalt .
works great ... i like that it has a place to hold small items . put it in the back of my truck as a tool box
this product works great in my " bostitch " nailer . highly recommended . no failures or jams . they load and unload easier than expected .
a great dual function sander . a time tested design from ridgid . i bought this at home depot for much less .
staples were great with the porter cable stapler . no issues with this product . did my research and would definitely purchase again .
not bad for $ 4.99 . does the work , works smoothly and not too bulky . i recommend this for any starter kit .
although they bring in everything from china these days , dewalt still has the best value available in their class . i have 5 drills of this make .
this is a 30 second install that makes locking the slide much easier . it should have been on the gun to start with . highly recommend it .
couldnt get it to work no matter what . outside , inside , sunny , overcast - nothing . hihgly discourage anyone from buying it
i haven't used it too much ( only a few pens ) , but it is very well made and the finish is fantastic . thoroughly recommend .
usually if i'm wearing this i'm working on something . it helps me from having to bend down and keep picking up my drill . a great back saver .
excellent night light for my nightstand . it shines / brightness is enough when pitched black . will not illuminate entire room , just enough for you to see .
i have many uses for battery operated electric drills , every one looses or breaks bits . this is a good assortment for anyone with an battery drill
this looks like larger welding wire brushes , but is tiny . have not actually used it yet .
not to happy with the color . i needed a replacement and at a affordable price so i went with this .
a must have in the shop , yard or range fit nice and snug , would recommend might even get another set soon
they work well . not the best grade steel but for the price they are just fine . i use them a lot and they hold up well .
these are a frequently repeated gold box deal and have proven to be durable in the workshop . wish there were american made alternatives .
seems to be pretty sturdy.the on-off switch is solid.the leds are bright and have decent coverage . i would buy it again .
bought these to keep a mec shotgun reloaded snug on my workbench and these do the job perfectly . i would purchase this again .
the tzemt 400ab32ma has led indicator lights . this allows you to see what the thermostat is doing from across the room .
these are a good quality and just slightly larger then i was expecting but still work well . stanley makes a good tool and these are no exception .
they seem fine for the price they were sold for . only time will tell and i just got them . nothing more worthwhile to say about them .
after reading the reviews and using it dewalt came out with a winner a nice impact it has good torque and it not real heavy to use
folding hex keys are easily stored in tool box and can be readily accessible for any job . you do not lose keys after use as they stay all together
recharges battery packs quickly . has seen lots of use and some abuse and keeps working . will buy again if it quits working .
i would not be without these . they work great and have a high wattage capacity . remote is handy and compact . highly recommend .
use these for attaching coax ends for tv's and splitters . haven't failed me yet after several " cut the cable " installs . no adjustment was needed .
i would say that these lights are a good buy , they are easy to install and can be seen well .
my wife love this hose . it doesn't kink like regular hoses . it won't shrink back to original size , but i didn't expect it to .
i returned it for that reason to small . i returned it so i can not comment on long term quality .
ive only had it for a month , but its description is perfect . ill probably buy 5 or 6 more to light up my yard and house .
i bought these replacement bulbs for my mother for a lamp she owns for which she can never find a replacement bulb locally . they seem to work well .
great pouch for use at work . the only thing i would change about it is that is was softer and not so hard .
the product is nicely finished . it is closing very slowly with out any banging noise ! easy to install and shiny ! thanks seller ! !
dremel 952 aluminium oxide grinding stonethe quality of this stone is very high . just use it on the proper materials .
this is a battery just like the original battery i received with the tool . it charges and drives the tool as expected.delevery was timely .
really made taking the hundreds on nails out of the plywood subfloor a breeze . having two batteries meant we could keep working longer to get the job done .
charges batteries like it should . no complaints at all and the price is good . i like it for charging my high power flashlights .
this cable does the job and is less expensive than home depot or lowes . i will buy again if the need arises .
the price is right . even though i haven't used these yet , i know i will in the future . well made and useful .
well made tool . crimps without damage to connector insulation . ratchet , though not effortless , makes crimping less of a guess with possible loose connection
these blades work well and were exactly what i needed to cut my laminate flooring . the price was better than the home improvement stores .
great hand held z wave controller i use this it to set up the devices and a general hand held device . a must own for zwave homes
this light is bright , and the distance is amazing . i purchased this to mount on my hi point carbine 4595ts . great for home defense .
i like about any tool you can get from dewalt , these are a great proce with lots of options inside the case .
this works great with led dimmable bulbs . easy to install . easy to use slider and switch . lighted pad is a nice feature .
if your going to do something , do it right . i personally thought it was a sloppy piece of junk and sent it back.your results may vary .
a very handy tool for anyone needing a screwdriver for very small screws . mine was red as if that makes any difference .
works great , but bought the wrong unit , was looking bfor a smoke / carbon monoxide unit that was hard wired , didn't notice that it wasn't smoke
put this in a motor home bathroom and it works very well . good light , motion activation works ... quite happy with it's performance .
this does what it says . it feels like a quality product . i installed it using teflon tape and it works fine ; no leaks .
great price , but kinda flimsy . i wish it was a little more solid , but all in all it's pretty good for how many functions it has .
it works as well as any other framing nailer i've ever used . it even comes with the air hose connecter . and much cheaper than most .
this is a high quality product with a contemporary look . i purchased this product to compete our new kitchen remodel and loved the style of its simple design .
we used the straps to move refrigerators and couches last weekend when we moved to a new house and they worked great and made moving these heavy objects easier .
don't mess around with the stuff you get at the big box stores . spend the extra money on the gun and the pro cans .
2nd one i ordered . i like their shower holder for my pulsating heads .. works gr8 for both upstairs and downstairs showers
i loved i gave 5 stars because this tool i was needing and complte all expectations what i liked.the mind i loved
quality tools from quality materials and nice fit and finish . they sent me a set with a cracked tray , they corrected this but it took some time .
i have no complaints . this thing has plenty of power and has held up at least 1 year ! so here's hoping for many more years !
this product installed easily by following the manufacturer's instructions . it tested successfully and appears to have been fully operational since installation .
other than wishing i had gone for a mini impulse driver , this is great . handy as heck , built well , battery life seems to be reasonable .
it has a good focus , i cannot buy enough , giving them to aall my friends . best light under $ 10 by far .
i have owned makita tools for over 30 years and have never been disapointed . the paper changing system is much improved over the sander that this one replaced .
needed for my craftsman saw so i was able to do some special projects and now looking for more uses for this .
works good as expected , fits well for square face receptacles . has multple holse on face for different stye mounting . xxxx
nice quality for the money and would recommend for the at home diy'er . the case is nice too !
pros : good light colornever get hotcons : they have a greater depth than the standard gu10 bulbs so these may not work with some fixtures .
go to mennards or lowes or home depot and get an $ 11.00 cooper instead . you will be happy you did .
this set is a nice addition to any dremel device . the case is very cheaply made but that is reflected in the price paid .
great upgrade to your strion . makes the battery last even longer and you get more light / whiter light . a definite win / win
i installes a cfl bulb and love this lamp . it does not have a balance problem . it is worth 3 times the price .
i have a friend who has asthma and her son smoke and this made it easier for her to breath . the mask let little in
this product prolonged the life of sandpaper as well as keeping the paper clean . i use the cleaner every time i use my sanders .
after purchasing one of these toilet i have since purchased 4 more . right height , easy to install and saving water ... perfect
i cant stand real candles , they smell too strong and with copd it is bad for indoor air . so , these were a good purchase
these flashlight throw a great beam and are real great .. my husband mounted the red one on his pistol and it makes the sights glow , real great lights
you couldn't afford to make this yourself even if you have your own metal-working lathe . it was a good price and does the job .
works very well and is small enough to carry in my bag . fast to sharpen and the leather pouch can be used for stropping .
nice little tool , especially for setting angles on steel or iron surfaces such as your band saw table . good price .
nice blue glow for my bathroom . enough light to see for nighttime visits but not so bright that it wakes you up .
easy to install , sturdy and solid quality , works perfectly . has the 3 features i wanted : on / off , dimmer , and it's lighted .
use it on the outside light of my trailer and has not given me any trouble . would recommend this bulb to anyone
i bought this for my hitachi 18volt lithium hammer drill , it's a hit . you can not beat the quality of this item for the price .
these are well made and work well . with some basic sanding and finishing techniques they do the job of plugging pocket holes nicely .
just get them if you're thinking about it . stylish , bright , and slightly understated ... i think they look great in my home .
not the stickiest packing tape i have used but it works good enough it you can get it when the price is right .
lightweight . good fitting ( my hands are large-ish and i bought xl ) . very durable . wear them camping and lugging wood around the workshop.highly recommend .
good variety / assortment . still using all the same blades i started with , for various jobs , so they don't wear out quickly !
it holds the drill sturdy and i don't feel there is any risk of the drill falling off onto the workbench . i will be getting another one !
used this to cut wooden dowels . it is sharp enough to cut through wood and small enough to easily store in a toolbox .
this ez breathe respirator works really well . the exhaust valve helps prevent fogging of my safety glasses .
great price , great quality , free shipping , i couldn't be more satisfied ! looks much more expensive than it was . i definitely recommend .
i wish it was brighter . it does help but i am old and need all the light i can get .
very worth while add-on ! it's not as good as , say , a port-a-mate ; but , definitely a quality item .
they dont last long though . they start to die before the year is up . they will die before 12 months are over .
wasn't expecting much of a difference but these went through concrete walls that others just couldn't through . no visible wear either . great product .
i bought these for the new heavy duty stapler we purchased at amazon.com . the staples work as designed and the price is good .
i first heard them years ago and fell in love . what a great group ! i was sorry to hear about they're farewell tour .
we bought 2 of these for our double vanity , which has a marble top and they look absolutely gorgeous ! so happy we purchased them !
tried these bulbs in the corresponding gadgets . all were perfect and a great replacement for the old tired bulbs . best to stock up and keep some spares
i've used speakman showerheads for years now . they last a long time ; have a great spray and help when water pressure is low .
did not want to cold start with factory oil , changed that out for this , and it starts easily in even colder weather .
its hard to find quality tools at a good price . this set has most common used and some hard to find sizes .
freud are the best bits in the market in imho . 1/2 the price here on amazon than at woodcraft & home depot !
installed in a laundry room sink so my mother-in-law could wash her dog . works great , no leaks , and was easy to install ! she loves it !
this is some good sandpaper . nuttin else to say . git some if you need some good paper , at a descent price .
quality is very good . fairly priced . does what it is suppose to . i recommend this product to whoever needs it
work as described . decently bright . now wish i had more - these would be good on a porch , basement , and every room
not really as described . some tools are good but for the most part it's a waste of money and not good for an adult project .
exactly what i needed to stick in with the rest of my camping gear . it worked great on my little pocket knife .
i love it : it's very light , relatively high and quite stable . i don't have much more to say but have to write 20 words .
as advertised--using as a replacement for a pvc hose that was almost impossible to roll up and hang - - - this is so much better
perfect for my new shower , worked perfectly and easy install , as expected . no issues with this product , would gladly recommend .
i think this is a great deal for the price and will definitely help in hard-to-reach places as well as microelectronics operations .
great little router for hand holding . underpowered for table use , but can work with smaller bits . note : this one does not come with a case .
these 18 volt batteries , i purchase at a fantastic price . now i have plenty of power to complete my woodworking jobs .
these work as well as fein brand blades if not better . great price also .
a decent set of spade bits that bite the wood . all the most needed sizes . i would purchase again if needed . functional storage case .
very happy with this item . i think anyone buying these will be happy . this is a quilaty tool . good luck
genuine irwin clamp . works great as expected on all my wood projects . would not use any other brand . great clamp
pretty worthless for actual work if bit holders aren't magnetic . especially when you're using the 6 " extension . not pleased at all with set .
kreg makes some really good products and these bits center and do not move around when drilling . great product for cabinet building .
this is a replacement for one i dropped , i've had one for years and they perform great . plus i had the batteries already .
not quite as bright as i thought it would be . so i use it only when i need my keyboard lit up just enough to see .
every bit i use snaps like a twig . have gotten some stuck bolt out with it though . next time i will spend a few extra bucks .
the replacement filter works great ! it's just a little tricky to install . if you use a little patience you can get it done in 10 15 minutes .
good assortment for the money will do the job i have only used a few of these rings but so far so good .
wore faster , maybe me ? , but not as last as others that i have had used in the past.lite projects would be ok i think
i use these for putting my finishes on and than just toss them . good price for 48 and they are decent pads .
just what i needed . a low cost very durable bit with variety of sizes that i can use around the house .
this is my second year with this unit cleaning a pellet stove about every three-four days in the winter . it's stood up well and does the job .
appears to be better quality than the cheap thin ones . should last a long time . great for lining under the canopy .
big gloves for my big hands . now i can finally keep some of the gunk in the shop from being under my finger nails .
reliable , easy to install , loud when tested , does not need constant attention , install and forget . i would buy more great value ,
i got this ladder to do some things around the house . i did not want to get any shorter than 6 foot .
the light arrived without the back battery cover and without the battery , i contacted the manufacture and they are sending me a new light
nice set of collets , they fit my black & decker roto tool . very good value for a very good price . will buy again when needed .
very happy with the kreg products . this is a great clamp . i also have their pocket screw jig . they make great stuff .
just what i need to sharpen my wood chisels . great price arrived in two days as usual with amazon prime .
easy to install . quick . fits into the existing system . wish it would last longer . nothing else to say ... !
bought to complement my leatherman , but totally useless , have not used it once , cool to have but i would recommend not to buy
perfect size for a key chain . works great . only took me a couple swipes and then my knives were better then new .
didn't do exactly as i was hoping it would do , but it did an okay job.cost is reasonable for the tool .
this hex set is very inexpensive . the fit and quality is good . the holders keep everything organized well . there is nothing to complain about .
these are a tad expensive , but they look great in the mancave . they are very sturdy and should last forever .
i love these bidets . have 2 of them on my toilets and couldn't live without them . i miss them a lot when i travel !
worked great with putting my screens together . if i didn't have it i would not have been able to fix my screens .
works very well . i've had several different makes . this one is the best . i have three sets and thinking about getting another .
best 23 gauge nail gun at a reasonable price ... porter cable provides a " real person " to talk to when you need service .
needed it for differnt projects not used every day but it is handy for when we need it to punch holes
a great little addition to my tool box . actually i never put it in my tool box it stays in my drill . a very convenient time saver .
i use two of these in my broan model 163 and they work great ! ! i tried the white bulbs , but they are way too bright .
not the best on the market but great in terms of the price point . if you are in need of a soldering set occasionally you won't beat this one
this is the battery to have for to be ready when you need power on hand . good for the price
the arlington lv2 - 1cs low voltage mounting bracket , 2 - gang , 1 - pack each it came as ordered . no problems or suprises to report .
handy unit , works well . i use it to touch up paint on old ghas pumps . i would recomend this unit for any hobby person .
easy to read graduations and very well built tape measure . bought the imperial version as well . definitely will buy more of this brands stuff .
got this and throw it in my everyday bag just in case it works so far , looks and feels strong , hope i never really need it .
a good buy for something that is an absolute piece of equipment in a wood working shop . i have two and they work great
great price and service . i paid 5.00 for only one just like these four a few weeks ago and got these four for 12.99 .
this switch comes with everything you need in a single package , including all of the screws . standard e z installation .
as advertised . just trying to figure out where and how to carry ... could be painful !
most reviews are positive , but mine came defective and i'm sending it back to amazon for refund . might have been an isolated case .
i love it , it worked good and it worth the money . i would order again and i do recommend it for everybody .
it's sandpaper . ok , it's good sandpaper . i use this as one of the intermediate steps in polishing aluminum . i finish with the 3500 grit .
cheaply made and flimsy fittings for the $ 50 you pay . i would recommend buying a generic hard hat and a cheap visor for about $ 20
nicest low end soldering station i have ever had . got one about 10 years ago and just ordered a 2nd for the office . no problems at all .
you will not consider any more o compare this to the other by this price.it ' s so worth . i recommend it .
these are very long and strong ! bought for use on motorcycles . the packaging and stand are throw aways to me but the wrenches are excellent !
keep your mower blades sharp and your wallet heavier . just remember to balance your blades and wear gloves please wear gloves .
why buy one for $ 100 , when you can but two for $ 139 ? it's a math thing and crazy mark-up for one .
can't remember what i paid but it was cheap and the knobs were great . price was the biggest factor looking for knobs
if you want to tape dry wall fast and correctly , buy this machine . google it and find how it works . it is great .
seems to be well made , just could of been designed to hold all the extras ( bit set - adapter etc . ) better .
well this one i put it on my house , and belive it or not it's stayed there .. lol .. put on with tapcon ... work great
must have set of adapters for impact tools or regular tools . i've had to use these frequently when i cant find the right socket . ;)
this works really well for softer jobs such as soft wood and ceiling tile . it cuts very fast and clean .
very strong pressure for such a beautiful little shower head . i was impressed that it exceeded my expectations . i definitely recommend this shower head
love this new set of scokets love this new set of scokets o o o o o o i i
hard to find one with enough water pressure that is not too expensive ... oh well ... it is good , just not great .
they are ok for the money . not that well made , and several are missing pieces . color codes are not consistent .
what more can i say about the decor style wall plates . they are nice quality and should last a long time . nice assortment of colors .
these shades block the sun without being as dark as many others . with these it is easy to see what i am working on even in the shade .
these blades do what they say as far as cutting through metal . i would not use it on a plaster wall . it rips the teeth right off
i have owned this product for about 1 year now ; i am very happy with this product . it is heavy duty . exactly what i wanted .
very handy to use around the shop or house . i keep one in my camper , and one in my work toolbox .
a little small and not very rigid .. its ok for small parts but don't over fill it . its a little shallow
this product is high quality and gets the job done . if you're looking for a watertite receptacle cover , this will absolutely do the trick .
item is solid and heavy weight . secure and works well . i like the fact that you can change the combination when necessary .
this lamp met all expectations ... lots of quality , heavy duty construction , great for rooms with no windows ... and it looks great .. good buy .
the picture shows a sawzall in the bag . thats getting a bit heavy for me but i really like these bags a lot .
this is a very good scraper . it is not at all flimsey . razors are easy to load & hold securely .
yes , just as they claimed . this dust bag is just like the one it replaced .
ordered with the jessem lift and the fit is perfect . very happy with setup of p / c router and bench dog cast iron table .
everyone i talked to said the dewalt brand was good . i thought i would give it a try and i do like it . a great tool .
i picked up a few of these when we did our remodel , they definately do the job , i would reccomend picking up a few .
it is a good tool to pull nails that you can not get a hammer clawgood grip and minimal damage to the wood surface
this looks big but its actually pretty small . got it for my brother and he like it regardless but i do wish it was bigger
needed some blank plates while replacing other wall plates and outlets in my home . this served the purpose of blanking out old phone jack plates
the item looks and feels quality . it is small but make no mistake this baby will do the job just fine .
these are very nice philips driver bits that last a very long time and have a good positive drive action .
i like the looks of this sink flange , but it just does not fit our garbage disiposal . i'll have to return it .
they are pretty good bits . sturdy and long and comes in a decent rubbery-plastic holder . they are no snap-on , but the quality is definitely acceptable .
does what it's supposed to do , packaging was good and installation was easy . i'll post updates as time goes by .
does its job , looks great and way cheaper than i could get locally . highly recommend for any casework with wood shelving .
i only use it once and it's okay for short cuts i made . i only use it once and it's okay for short cuts i made .
i'm using this to organize and store a large amount of batteries i have . works well and does it's job .
extremely comfortable to wear while it effectively blocks out the irritating / damaging noises.what more could you ask for especially for only $ 20 ? another quality swedish product .
this three setting shower spray with an ultra long stainless steel hose came quickly , the price was reasonable , and it was easy to put together and install .
i have these in my kitchen and in my bathrooms . they look nice , install easily , and have decent weight to them .
i appreciate having a full set of dremel drill bits on hand at all times . :-) but i do not need anymore 1/32 " for pete's sake !
this nailer works exactly as expected and comes with a hard carrying case and all at a reasonable price compared to others .
the only utility knife with every feature i want ! now make it double sided :)
no glamor here , just a rock solid tool that gets the job done ! ruggedly constructed with comfortable heft , this is a very useful tool .
this is a good mask , does the job well , but although twice the price the 7800s is worth the money .
very well designed and bright . placing a few of them around will definitely make a difference . very good light . get em if your on the fence .
sharpens up your knife quickly , does the job efficiently , don't have to have any special skills . a good buy for the money .
it's hard to adjust and they keep adjusted . for occasional use it's fine . if you need a serious magnifier then spend more and get a better one .
the " dimpler " works great if you just want to hang a room or two . however , they wear out after about 500 screws .
the product is easy to use ... it is however a little difficult to evenly coat a large surfaces . you will want to use in a ventilated area .
flimsy doesn't work to well , would not commend . maybe for a closet or something . i thought it was a waste .
outstanding product . works well . great components . high quality material . small footprint that i can add to my keychain without adding a lot of bulk .
well made and works as advertised . using it to store personal defense items . nice size and price , also . also purchased a smaller one for bedside .
it's so quiet and so smooth , cuts are flawless and the miters are dead-on . i just can't imagine how it could get better than this .
this product was perfect for my little project . the price was great , delivery was on time and they work . no more drafts through the sockets !
pros : amazing glue , easy clean-up , cannot be beatcons : glue gets old ( wood glue problem in general ) thus no impact on rating .
u will be surprised what u can hang on this organizer . put on in the pantry , one in the garage and one in ur work shop .
this kit has a lot for a small price . the tools are well-made and the screw assortment is good.this is well worth the price .
this dimming switch does what it is supposed to do . it was very affordable . easy to connect to the wire running to the led lights .
they are very light weight and work well . some may like a heavy duty frame , however i prefer these for visitors to my shop .
i ordered these an they are proor creditably all right but didnt fit any thing i had we sent then back for credir
item is very good and has done a good job for us . it does not have he belt clip but that is not a problem at this time .
fairly quiet especially at lower speeds , comfortable in the hand , adjustable speed , and efficient dust collection . what else can you ask for ?
works as its suppose to . cut off the old one plugged in new one and it was done ... exact same piece
it worked but the outer part looks cheap and not very flexible . i doubt it will last many more uses .
flashlight was ok , but i work in construction and cannot show up at the job site with something that looks like a dildo .
good product , good quality , works well for setting stops for anything where specific drilling depth is needed.no issues , would purchase again if needed .
the holes / grooves do not match dremel or home depot tools . i will have to redrill to make them fit .
works great for charging an iphone but it didn't have the power to charge an ipad . i replaced it with a 2 amp version .
these rollers are good to work with the paint roles on smooth and they are easy to clean . the price for 3 rollers is very good .
first one i ever had . once you have it , you will find many places to use it . i mostly use on my dirt bike .
these batteries recharge well and do work in all types of flashlights . however , i have 2 other manufacturers batteries and they last longer and charge faster .
when i open the box the spring and prong fell out in my lap so i returned this product with no problems .
hey this product works great behind tv , computer and shelves . don't have to worry about pressing objects against the plugs .
got this for cutting tiles . it works great wet or dry . it was messy however it is not the blade fault any .
very good for alll the projects around the house . super light weight , a real good quality drill .
great for northern florida to chase the bugs away at night . i just got the lamps installed and they work as advertised .
the hose developed a leak at hardware connector . was unusable and unrepairable after less than three months of use . length was great , quality is terrible .
the size and weight are perfect for our occasional needs . it does a good job steadying materials such as wood pieces , doweling , and small pipe .
i buy a lot of tekton tools . i've never been disappointed . the price is right and the quality is good . cant go wrong with that combo .
i noticed this particular steel flint gives you more spark with less effort . works well , price is good , good for any survival kit .
one of the easiest sharpener i have ever used simple no expertise needed leaves a razor edge . good utensil for a good price
this is a cool bit that comes in handy all the time . it deburrs , shapes , edges , etc and will stay useful beyond your expectations ..
very quick way of fabricating sturdy removeable shelving . used ot build a wall of shelving for plastic clothing crates for our local pregnacy care center . everybody loves it
this is an excellent addition if you already have the batteries . very bright light light and the perfect size to slip in a coat pocket
for starters it came with one broken liner / cap in one of the lights , looks nice and hope to get a replacement part .
this is a good granite sealer , it is easy to apply and goes on smooth , seals pores in the natural stone .
love this little hammer bought it to do modifications on my tiger 10/22 works great definitely need one in your gun repair toolbox
you will regret not wearing gloves while using this tool ! trust me . you don't want hard to extract splinters in your fingers / hand
i love this little led it works fine and seems bright enough for what i need ! i would buy again
perfect for what i was looking for , works as i would want it too , and blends in with the rest of my spray cans
i hike with my sons several times a month and lighten when it gets dark i a must . this headlamp really fills the bill . works great .
received as a christmas gift and have not had time to use it . have just added it to my tool box as of this time .
if you need to drill pilot holes for hinges these things can't be beat . centered and vertical is what they do and nothing else comes close .
this is good for little jobs , but seems well made and capable of some clamping pressure , be sure to match to your intended work
this wire stripper replaced the irwin adjustable wire strippers i had , get this and you won't need another weir stripper .
i love this candle ! we had to quit using candles because of oxygen use . this allows us the abiance of flickering candlelight again .. lovely !
these radiate next to no light . not a good product . i can't think of one thing they are good for - certainly for illuminating !
works fine if your collector is strong enough to pick up the stuff from the floor .
works as described and stands up to the master lock high quality standard . great price and fast shipping . i only wish there was a color selection option .
works well . not much to say its a sander , attachment and all that . is of good craftsmanship and all that .
use this on a daily basis . works great on those fringe areas of light . nice finish , light and very practical . carry it everywhere .
just too difficult to operate , not worth the time invested in doing it . not at all like the great omron blood pressure instrument .
cheap light . you pay for what you get . mine broke after hardly being used at all . best to spend your money elsewhere .
my wife love's these things . she says they make a straight or flush cut and she hasn't found any other cutters quite so strong .
good quality item . not cheap plastic . made of samematerial as builders use . can be joined together forextended length .
very good at what it is supposed to do . strong nylon covering over the bungie inner core .
30 inch bar gives me all of the torque i need to break cat engine oil pan plugs loose . very durable .
sealed it with teflon tape too . a couple of years now , no leaks or problems . nice item , you won't be disappointes .
this leg leveler takes the little giant to another level of versatility . simple install , can use on either leg . highly recommended accessory for this ladder .
good light , far cheaper than the name brand and brighter . however switch may turn on in your pocket . worth the money
this is a small flashlight , but it has nice powerful led bulb that does the job very well.it has already come in handy a few times ! recommended !
easy to install . works very well and spreads the water around very evenly . we have low house water pressure and this still gets the job done nicely .
the goggles are great for most uses but for sawdust or tile dust , projectiles have still made there way through the tiny vent holes that surround the edge .
what can you say about alight switch > it works well and it's goof looking ! thanks id what i'd say , yes ?
have used duracell batteries for years . just hoping i get the service from these that i have others in the past
used the cord for a project around the house which required all 100ft of cord . it worked okay . very flexible .
not much else to say . i use these for my targets at the shooting range . only stapling through cardboard backs so works well for my use .
i wanted a set with the 1/2 " bit and this set fitted-the-bill :) they look like they will be hard wearing , but only time will tell :)
the maxcraft 60199 1/4- inch dual-drive mini ratchet driver looks and feels top quality . ' ll be using it for my daily diy work
this tool came in fine shape and was easy to assemble . it seems to cut very well .
this works very nicely on the led bulbs i installed in our bathroom . quiet with no singing like some dimmers cause .
got this for a gift and my son loves this . never can have enough for building and he is always building things ..
works well and looks like it will hold up to hard use . this was a christmas gift , so time will tell .
good item need to do the job , hope it get hear on time , happy new year too all . keep up the good work will tell my frineds
this is a good sturdy latter . i with it was another foot higher . opens and closes easily .. nothing to assemble comes ready to use
great product work perfect every time .. easily change nails , hassle free jam clearing and has very little air consumption .
this saw blade is too much resistent than others i've used before , like dewalt and makita's . i really recomed it .
the abrasive kit arrived was just as advertised and it arrived well within the allotted timeframe . works great ! would order again .
great fit and finish , overall it is well made this light serves the purpose well and has an attractive appearance .
the motor burned out after only 4 months of use . expected much more from dewalt .
not a really bright light like i thought it would be . yet for the price it will work just fine .
switch works great , easy to install . as a bathroom fan control switch , it's ideal , for setting the timer after a shower .
broke after 1 month . leatherman replaced it and the 2nd one broke in the same place . again they replaced it and i gave it away .
this milwaukee charger is capable of charging both the 12 volt and the 18 volt battery packs . it charges fast . i recommend this charger .
it's a welding chipping hammer , there's not much to say . it takes off slag , and works as a makeshift pry bar when needed .
keeps everything safe and easy to detatch when i get home . perfect and only needs a single key for both !
i have only used these adapters a few times but they seem to be adequate for what i need them for .
i needed to repair a couple of joints on wooden chairs . worked like a charm .
i've had this engraver for a couple months and have done several wood boxes with it . it keeps working as if it was new .
this is a large sturdy tool box , but it is not as large as expected . it should last a life time .
this columbia river tool is a handy item to have on a backpack or keychain . it's very well made and serves its purpose as it was designed for .
works better than i thought . there are no installation instructions . but the parts are stamped with left and right . make sure you pre drill .
easy to hook up in the light by our garage door . does go on for a few minutes when first installed but then shuts off until dusk .
super bright rugged construction .. i have 5 of these now . i replaced all the flashlights in my home with these i liked em so much .
works . keeps the dang set from sliding around . another of life's little irritations gone .
the single pole digital dimmer performs , excellent is easy to install and enhances the look of the wall . the remote control makes life so easy .
good quality compass that glows in the dark . good for camping and dish set up when relocating in the rv
this product isn't the best but it adds versitility to my excellent bosch driver from amazon . for the mony envolved it is a good deal .
i bought this product for a flood light , that is hardly ever used . this way it will only be used when needed .
super light weight . easy to fold up . no problem reaching 9 foot ceilings . not sure what more you could want in a step ladder .
for the price , these little guys are perfect . they are bright and compact . i would definitely recommend them . also , the beam focus is sweet .
my husband has used the liftmaster 371lm 315mhz garage door remote for years and will continue to do so . he says it is the best on the market .
... but maybe i got lucky ? there are lots of complaints here about getting knockoff pads . mine is authentic and works great .
glasses alweays fog up , this mask stays clear , and protects your whole face , not just your eyes . easy to adjust , and very , very useful
these are high quality drill bits . the shorter length permit drillng is close spaces . they can be used in electric drills or manual tools as needed .
versatile . ready to use out of the box this is a great plane for general use . it can even smooth small pieces .
for small work , these are great . clipping component legs or small gauge wires . the shape allows cutting of components very close to the board etc .
works great for my two year old . very east to install . i would not buy a cheap one . this is the one you want .
this holder makes the job much easier . it fits numerous types of tray's that you can use to hold water while sharpening
i already had a good heat gun but nothing compared to this one . i ordered a second milwaukee heat gun .
these drill bits out performed my expectations . they are very good bits for the price . very happy with the purchase .
these are well made and will last a long time and will be well used , not thin or stif to work with .
amazing power and battery life for such a small piece of hardware.impressive performance.reliable brand from what i understand via friends who work at professional levels with tools like this .
we love our gecko ! it is heavy duty not some cheap stuff . works great and lights up . get yours today !
this is a very pretty and soothing light to use . i can't speak for its air cleaning qualities , but i am pleased with it otherwise .
end fits flush , no sign that this has been altered.very good way to hide spare cash , etc . looks exactly like the real product .
very hardy , been through mud , rain , etc . in truck and still perfect and very bright ! would buy again and again !
keep the remote in my apron for easy on and off . makes a huge difference and now i wouldn't think of doing without . highly recommended .
this is a great compact folding utility knife , which is very well built and has a couple additional safety features installed to prevent accidental closing while using .
dunno if i can say much about this ... i use for home weekend jobs and it do perfect to me .
this item is handy , convenient , sturdy and good quality . i use it everyday and it is going strong after a year on the job .
i have honestly seen better but i am so grateful to have had them and it helped me so much . wooo whooo
good item except for the clamp design - its a little difficult to manipulate . otherwise a good piece of equipment , well built and powerful . 4.5 stars .
works well like it should . easy to apply and use . sealed a small gap around a door very well.tape pealed off very easily .
allows you to use typical threaded bushings like porter cable with bosch routers . i have them for each of my bosch 1617 ' s .
quality ... easy to spread out . my 3 year old daughter helped me spread it out.nice thick plastic .
leviton is known by quality and precision you can not go wrong with leviton when it comes with all instructions .
worked really well . i used them the very day i received them and experience know problems ( broken bits ) . i would recommend this item to others .
with this pack of 25 bits you will not have to worry about losing one at the wrong moment . dull bits can be replaced as needed .
so far seems good but , haven't used it . all extinguishers fail and aren't reusable so these seem to b e the best deal .
wanted brushes to apply frog lube to my pistols and these fit the bill in what i needed . great little brushes . s
the dewalt dw4856 6 - piece metal and woodcutting reciprocating saw blade set was a good purchase . the dewalt blades works as expected .
this is a super gun . i have never had a problem with it as long as i've had my compressor at at least 100psi . buy it !
i really like this little kit . the flat holders make it very convenient to pack for everyday carry . it makes my mut even more versatile .
got these for two patato bins and they are working great even when full . easy to install so i am very happy with them .
this is one strong glue . bonds just about anything . be care not to use to much on the repair . it expands as it is drying .
really helps in kick backs and works great down to 1/8 " piece of wood . must have in any wood shop .
soothing green glow - you can put tape over part of it to adjust the brightness . i am very pleased with these lights .
needed a little illumination for a garden outfront and this provides it beautifully . at the price , can get one each year and be happy about it !
i bought this spare bulb when i got the bug zapper but i haven't used it yet so can't really offer an opinion .
seems to be fine holds all the tools we need for our trailer . being plastic i'm not worried about rust from being outside all the time .
well , i use this for wood , it works well , it stays on great , and it has well-aligned holes . can't say much more about it .
hang that ladder on the wall.really , it's the best way to take care of your of the little giant , and boy is it sturdy .
easy install , but brightness was disappointing for the watt rating and there is a dark spot that remains at all focuses in the center .
i wish that all shower heads for recreational vehicles would come with a custom-fitted hanger . this one works but doesn't fit the shower arm - at all .
good for marking materials in a lathe or mill , or to identify tools or tooling . the magnet comes in handy for picking up small objects
this was an item that i thought would be better then it was . nothing to great about it just a cheap air nozzle .
the male plugs went right into my compressor's ( http://www.amazon.com/central-pneumatic-gallon-portable-compressor/dp/b006zbdi3o/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_2?ie=utf8&qid=1392919736&sr=8-2-fkmr0&keywords=125+psi+chicago+pneumatic ) stock quick connect . these are easy to use and seem to stand up well .
in the bed room with the tv on we cannot hear the door bell . this is perfect . you can set it anywhere . great product for us .
might work better with finer leading edges - but it worked fine as is to remove panels on our subaru . would have been very difficult without it .
no plastic pieces in this product ! just make sure you clean it or else the hard water builds up on it and you don't get a nice shower .
i bought this magnet to add onto the holster mate bracket instead of using a generic holster the magnet holds the gun firmly .
this power tool is very well built and solid . it does exactly what they say it does and i am extremely happy with it .
there is always a use for these clips . they come in handy for many uses . the many different sizes are great on have on hand .
not what i expected when it was a suggested accessory to another tool i purchased , but it has found a home and will be used .
these are compact and affordable . the fire inspector from my town liked the idea of the read out that tells you the co2 level
read my review on the kohler k 4694 toilet seat the same applies the free toilet seat that came with the toilet simplyis not worth spit
i ended up buying a bunch of these as they are a basically perfect match to the old bulbs and seem very well made .
if you choose a dark night and walk with this little monster , you'll feel really good ! just like in a shiny morning .
just what the product says its for , what else must i need to add ? oh yeah , buy it ! :) no , really .
all of the dremel tools so far have fit this tool and i have used it on many different projects , i highly recommend it .
installation requires some wiring skills and will require working on your garage ceiling . the connectors are pressed to accommodate 3 wires .
perfect for wood carving . good quality . will use it on hard wood and soft wood in the near future . happy
placed on all the windows in my kids ' rooms . very easy to install and after nearly a year i have not had to change the batteries yet .
the bag is strong.could be a little larger for the price.but im easy on my zippers.mine unthreaded itself within 4 weeks use .
there's not really much i can say , except that it does what it's supposed to do , and it integrated into my skylink system w / no problems .
good deal for all of the parts you get . very handy for table top work !
i really like these gloves ... they are big enough for my big hands , and they are thick ! ! you can even re-use a pair .
very happy . just what i expected from dewalt . fast to fill and quieter than most compressors i've had . great product .
made of heavy plastic so should hold up well in the shop . it's a very clever idea for marking the center of round stock .
works perfectly with 6 pot lights and a load of about 300 watts.fits in standard switch box , may not work with florescent lights
this set is great for painting walls and trim and the tray has a liner for easy clean up brushes clean up easily
it's super bright and works really well . i've gotten a fair amount of time with one battery . highly recommended . my husband wants one now .
what can you say , good price and milled right ! have use then alot for several things from squaring a table saw sled to aligning a blade .
it took a little longer than we thought to receive but we are very happy with the product
these are quality bits sold at a discounted price compared to the home depot . dewalt makes a good product that i would away recommend .
as i expect from stanley , good quality , lightweight toolsexceptional price with good quality and multi leveling bubblesi recommend buying this item
nice bright light and perfect for areas with out an outlet . i use this particularly in the bathroom which is perfect for that midnight jaunt to the restroom .
it has a nice fit . so far it has held up . pretty good hand protection . i am pleased with them .
your usual bosch high quality product . a very good price too . should last a long long time if not abused
worked great going on over a year now . got them for a few bucks less than the blue or orange box stores .
gifted my brother in law with this . goes everywhere with him . he works in a warehouse so this tool is very handy for him .
i got this for a friend that had a dimmer that was making a lot of noise on his led light . this one seems to be working ok .
these are a solid value if you need to do minor routering here and there on simple / not high end projects.cannot complain .
good tool , use it more than my variable-speed main tool ( smaller jobs ) . information : charger that comes with this is the 760-01 .
strongest and best built lift on the market . the only thing that could make it better would be " maybe " power driven with digital read-out .
great light for night hunting and night hiking.high quality aluminum construction.you will not be disappointed by this light .
works well . very happy with it . does what i need doing . plastic case not well enough made and designed to be useful .
i purchased this mini tubing cutter to have for cutting aluminum arrow shafts . it works . it is simple and straightforward .
bits were on sale at a great price . when i need a bit i just open the case and they are all in order.quality is good with dewalt namejte
works great for outdoor lights and the electronic bug zapper that i employ it for . now i don't need to worry about turning things off at night anymore .
not much to say about this other than it is easy to install and it works . this unit stopped the incessant leaking that the old flapper had !
this letherman is tiny . everything in it works well . wish it had a lock knife .
the keypad is back lighted . i did not see this info in the description.works by four digits plus 0 .
works great use it mostly to get excess water off of my pool cover in the off season and it works really well . i would recommend this pump
these work very well fro me in low light . have glaucoma and have to protect my eyes great fit and great price buy !
these are great . i ordered the phillips head ones first by mistake but those are great too . now i wish they made a star drive one .
this is a returned item . did not like the reviews other gave , about it looking plastic and cheap . decided to buy different lamps on amazon .
i have found these filters and the 3m mask to be my favorite of the many respirator types i have tried .
i had more expensive ones years ago and this gun does the same job perfectly . i am hoping it will last .
i use this mallet for driving chisels and any other purpose where i need a wooden mallet . love it . works well and seems well made .
works for small jobs , but doesn't catch the fine dust .. for large jobs you will need a real duct collector .
i have 3 different sets these for a few years now and love them . i use these constantly and they are still in perfect shape .
i use it to connect a 2 1/2 hose to the oneida dust deputyworks great is made with strong plastic
enough plastic to cover both inside and outside of a patio door.helps to keep the gas bills down , and your home heated .
i have some screwdrivers but they are always in the garage so i ordered these to keep in the house boy do i use them a lot
i took apart my wireless xbox controller with no problem using this screwdriver . worked like a charm and didn't deform or otherwise show any wear afterward .
this set was to enhance the tools my son currently has . use the right tool , and it makes the job easier
bob rating of 10 stars . so many uses for this that it is impossible to count , much less list . leatherman is the best .
a well built hex wrench set with screw driver bits as well . this set with t-handle is perfect for my needs .
love the multiple settings you can choose from . battery life is great . fits good and stays in place very well . great product .
purchased to update kitchen in home we bought . easy to install . good quality . nice finish . recommend .
i love it , i like it , this blade stays sharp & i won't some more of them .
this multi plug adapter is compact and is well made . it allows the charging devices of several idevices to be utilized at the same time .
as with all safety glasses , they are important to have in the tool box or other handy place . nice to have .
inexpensive , made in china led latern with a battery . works fine for my purposes , casts a nice bright led light .
if you are the occasional mr . fixit then these are the drivers for you but if you require a commercial grade driver ... keep looking .
i do not use a spoke shave very often but this on serves the purpose . the blade can use some additional sharpening before initial use .
i like this tool but it should come with the wide jaws . other than that it's a real time saver .
arrived on time and in excellent condition . very nice carrying case to store them in , porter cable should take a lesson from them .
have tried 7 sockets so far and all have performed as expected . combination of metric and sae in some sockets saves space and money . case works well .
... i think . it hasn't alerted us though it works when i test it . reading is always at 0 which i guess is good .
wow finally my garage has an organized place for my nuts and bolts . looks great and good number of assorted nuts bolts and washer .. very good price .
it looks fine in the bathroom , but this is really flimsy . take care in assembly , glue the screws , and it should hold up ok .
it's ok . not as good as several other smaller lights i have . could use some work on the beem to remove any hot spots
love this color i used it for some metal art that needed a make over great color went on well and no drips !
do you weld ? small or big jobs ? you should have an apron . keeps you from destroying your clothes an protects you from becoming a flame ball .
the drill came in on time and and free 2 - - it was a refrub but looked and worked great
fits perfectly as an inexpensive nutone replacement . also , does a great job of clearing the odors from the water closet .
i've been using this tool for a few years now following amazon purchase . simply put , it has done its job well and without problems .
great vibrations . fast removal of material . easy to use sand paper sheets with . i love it ! ! ! powerful ! ! ! thanks porter cable .
nice bike light holder.will hold many sizes of flashlights.the 360 degree rotation was important for my usage.try it .
eotneunde four weeks is good as a gift so so pleased with the performance.even after i'm going to order more tools . amazon too good .
a solder sucker is quicker but this product works well for those used to the wicking method . a good value
the magnet edge is something that was a " must " on this unit . being such a bright color makes it so much easier to find .
these clamps are very useful with their deep throat . every shop should have a few .
i haven't really used these much but as a backup they have worked great and the were only five bucks as an add-on item . if i used them
we got this one sale and it was a really great deal and it works great like ll dewalt tools . my husband loves it .
these clips are extremely simple in design , but quite effective . i use them in the kitchen to reclose bags primarily .
these will take many , many years of use as a punch for leather.these are not toys or hollow aluminum , but hard case steel .
this works great as a wired remote dimmer with the older incandescent light bulb . but with the energy saving florescent bulbs do not work as well .
this is crazy bright . you can find 1000 lumen lights all over the place but this light delivers . surefire is amazing quantity and great customer service .
they fit in my light sockets correctly . i can't believe it . j / k i can believe it . they are made to specification .
i bought this detector to replace the builder units . i returned them when i realized they had no battery backup .
the assorted biscuits were exactly what i needed , packaged well and delivered promptly . thank you ! bogie sends
nice to be low current / wattage but the brightness is a little disappointing . that said the long life and efficiency make for an acceptable trade off .
this a good assortment to have around for quick touchups . they seem well made . the little box they came in will make a great storage case .
i like the 7 year life as opposed to the commonly-available 5 year life models . the less hassle with replacement , the better , in my mind !
bought them for scraping ... they scrape.like many hand tools , you have to know how to use them properly and resharpen them .
works as good if not better than advertised . simple to use with no problems . this is a great product for anyone remodeling anything .
nice for hard to reach nuts or on long screws . very strong and locks on to ratchet nicely . would buy again .
operates smoothly and dependably so far ; in use , outdoors , for about 6 months now . ejects water strongly . seems well-made . would buy again .
installed this unit about 3 weeks ago and love it . it eats through anything i throw at it . it is very quiet too .
this product did not work with my intercom chime . it apparently works with everything except chimes with an audible feature . i had to return it .
theres alot of different files here at a great price ... was gonna work on my ironman helm but its so hard to get motivated ...
these come in very handy when you need them . i can never seem to find them so by having this holder makes it easy to have on hand .
works great and good value ( cheap ) . dust collection is ok with the shop vac , but not good with just the canister .
i was amazed at how clear the lens on this goggle is . and it gives wraparound protection . it also fit over my eyeglasses with no problem .
porter cable paper for pad sanders . nice quality paper , seems to last a while . decent value . would highly recommend to anyone .
my daughter has a wood burner and was getting burned all the time . i got these for her and no more burns on her arms .
handy tools to keep with your hex driver . then you can grab any socket to match your needs . quality ok at a fair price .
get the large size . the midsize is really tigh . do not forget to was them before the first use . they stink with machine oil .
as all gatco's products i had experience with , this one is of excellent quality and sharp design . i'm very pleased with it .
these bits work great . no complaints at all . dewalt is a name to trust . hopefully they will continue to make great products .
one of the best flashlights i have seen or had and i have gotten a lot of comments on it from family and friends
i bought it because i needed variety . that is what i got . great for me to use at work and home
this has a very good design and is fairly heavy duty so it should hold up a lifetime it is well worth the money
i'm useing five of these switches for the led lights which i installed and all work extremely well with the led lights
if you have a maglite mini and hunt or work early morning looking for birds - this is a must have !
i remodeled our upstairs bathroom and these match the kohler devonshire soaking tub my wife wanted . she thinks they are purty ! ! !
great brand and consistency . this little flashlight throws a lot of light for it's size . very useful for my everyday needs
performs great , excelent usa made quality . its flexible and the yellow hi vis color helps to keep you from constantly tripping on it .
this is a light socket , it looks like the picture , and operates correctly , what else can i say , apparently word .
works well , and meet my expectations . i really don't have anything good or bad to say about this screw driver .
i contacted the seller , but got no response . so had to ask amazon to refund the cost .
just what i needed . fast heat up . funny little stand , but , it works just fine for my type of work .
these bits are worthless , especially with impact drills . my 1/4 " drive 18v impact driver ( milwaukee ) tore these up driving screws into wood ! ! !
really , really , sturdy disposables.did i mention that they are sturdy ? really , really sturdy ?
terrible durability . cooper bring back my old gun with nuts please . dump this gun in garbage please . tip good for 10 joints
great meter to carry around in your tool bag . can't go wrong with the quality fluke always reliable have never gone wrong buying a fluke
very well built . nice and heavey so you know its solid . should last me years of usage ..
great product , easy to install and very bright . there are many ways to position the lamps . will light up our entire 2 acre yard .
love this flashlight ! was hesitant at first but no regrets . well built & bright . fast shipping . what else could you ask for ?
these are what you have to have for the tool they are designed to fit . can't sharpen with old belts .
we love this faucet . it installed easily , is sturdy , and well made . i made a good decision and the price is great .
a very good item for the old tool box . you can get these sockets in closer places than you can a full size hex wrench .
this was a super bright flashlight and was really inexpensive . got it mainly to play around with , but i do use it all the time .
cool little multi-tool i think this is great , it is small and you forget you have it until you need it .
too busy to return this product . it stopped working in less than two months . i did like its range of detection however .
the rain shower has been a great experience , it looks great and love the 2 modes , high pressure and regular . excellent water flow , highly recommended !
they are well constructed and sharp and dont dull very easily . they were not expensive either so i would highly recommend them
this is so light and very small . it is really easy to use and can fit in really tight spaces .
these have very thick wire so they have low resistance . better than the harbor freight gators . nice length also . whee !
the screwdriver set was okay but the really cheap case fell apart and now i have a ton of little screwdrivers and nowhere to store them .
love the look and feel of this sturdy tool bag . i use it with a large sturdy leather belt ordered separately .
this works as expected . i put them in areas of little traffic , it probably would not take much abuse by being stepped on .
for the price you can't go wrong . this is great for winterizing your home easy to use . works great . came in an easy to open package .
this is high quality , and it is very easy to install . it fits the ladder perfectly , and it is a nice touch .
love the look of the lamp . i also liked the dimmable feature of the product . has a warm glow about it .
i have not had any trouble with this unit . the hold feature is very handy and i recommend this meter .
marked correctly . worked with my sylvania mosaic led lights . connectors fit snug . if you are worried , go ahead and make the purchase .
just a great drill at a great price . plenty of power to drill any thing . what do you need to drill ?
once i got used to it it worked well . nice product and works well . would buy again . thanks sdf sdf sdf
it is a pair of tiny bags for small stuff but well made and no regrets . brian m in baton rouge
ordered a spool of this last month and have been working with it since then . great solder for the price .
this works well with my dremel , letting me get into odd spaces.con : it does get pretty warm when using it .
these are a great alternative to the probes that came with my scope . the springs are solid and the clips effective . i have no complaints .
as always , a great product at a great price . i've been purchasing from amazon for several years and value is the key word .
good size , reliable design , made of strong material . i also like that i can wear it horisontally or vertically . five points !
bondhus makes the best allen wrenches . and in the usa at that . can't beat em
provides adequate torque so you don't have to look for a screwdriver every time you turn around . you will need the 40 - bit assortment .
this piece is a must ! it works even with the regular bits from any screwdriver ! ! very strong and durable ! highly suggested !
have used these for years - a reliable blade , thicker and more stable blade than the lu87r , has 1/8 " kerf , always smoothest of cuts .
used this film on the window above my entry door . makes my hallway much more cheery ! i'm very pleased with this product .
i would reccomend these screws to anybody who need screws that hold thier projects together securely for good , buy some now
my dad loves these safety glasses . as others have said , you forget they are on after a while !
bracket was made of a thin sheet metal . don't think this will last long time . i'll replace it with a heavy duty brackets .
this really works well for a variety of surfaces . i bought a couple of these to carry in various places .
this is a great product that is exactly as described . it is weighted and looks real . just what i wanted .
i bought this particular bit because the original bit kept falling out my drill . now i have no more issues .
i bought based on the reviews of others and was not disappointed . it's compact and replaced a much larger noisy and ugly fan .
i can't imagine that i own so powerfull and so small flashlight , it is really 190 lumens ...
great for the price and so far they can handle torque , though i have yet to use the 1/4 drive one .
the tds tester arrived on time and it works fine . so far i have not had any problems with it . i plan to purchase another one soon .
i have a barrel of water for emergency . this guy can keep water for 3-5 years . i really need it in case nibiru comes .
nice quality bungee cord material . i used it to make a stretch boat cover and custom sized bungees for all kinds of stuff .
i would definitely recommend this kit . i've already used several buffers and grinders and they all seem to be of good quality .
seems to be a good product , ill ask my wife if she still uses it on the way to the door at work
i really like these clamps . they work well and do what i want them to do . good positive lock up with large jaws.pat
this little light is worth its weight in gold . very handy , puts out plenty of light and the batery last a long time .
i haven''t been able to find the less expensive plastic solar garden lights till now.the are very bright and throw off a cool light pattern.great for the price .
a very good value that allowed me to stock up on them . we use them in several of our work lights .
if you have a high speed application , skip buying this , the bits snap on impact . just use a metal cutting bit .
this ladder is very light making it very easy to move around , it also feels stable and reassuring . a great general purpose ladder !
easy to install , work great , not much else to say , you get what you expect from this product , and it works
i purchased these clamps for making doors , and i've since purchased about 20 more . much better control over my pipe clamps .
i ordered this genesis grt 2103-40 vs rotary tool with 40 accessories , grey but it came with a bad switch so i will need to send it back .
we use these for punching leather and they work very well . if you need something like this , this set is a good one .
it took 6 units ( the original and 2 replacement orders ) to get 2 working units . a very poor quality unit .
it is what i have come to expect from dewalt merchandise , very affordable and very good quality . very happy with this purchase
i dont use these very often but they seem to be good quality . they have rubber grips around the nail set which is very nice .
this was a great deal on a great vise-grip . i use it with my kreg jig to drill pocket holes . works like a charm .
i use these on my radio popper wireless flash triggers . you always want some extra batteries around , these work great .
prefer this valve to the one in the package . it is adjustible so can change the volume of water supplied to the bidet vs . the toilet .
this dual charger comes ready to go right out of the package . plug it in and place your batteries in the charger . could not be any simpler .
set was nicely packaged and had a good feel to themchrome plating color was not matched that well from socket to socket but still a great value .
this thirty piece standard and metric set along with its storage case is great for my tool collection as it contains most sizes needed on an average day
theses are amazing to have around the house.when the power goes out bam .. they come onalso can be used as a night lighthigh quality great !
contains all i need to complete my home projects and the magnetic case makes it all the better . thank you ! !
quick delivery , good price , runs a giant window ac unit without getting hot .
great buy , easy to keep on hand long lasting battery , very easy to charge , great buy and not very expensive
was surprised how well this works . we live in a place with great water i was shocked anything could improve the taste . a must have .
love the pump worked great draining my dirt pool . took 36 hours the drain 15000 gallons with 100 feet of hose
it works well in our bathrooms and is a solid piece , the design speaks for itself and it's very functional .
this is my second unit ! i really like the size and flexibility of using either one rechargeable 18560 or two cr 123 for higher brigthness !
a very handy and strong magnet . i bought about a half dozen of them and i use them frequently . highly recommend .
this is good level but working sides could be more durable , but for this brand and this price is just fine .
very very bad broke after first use was sent 2 more and both broke as well no go dont buy
they work just fine , no better or worse than other brands . they are just fine for my surefire flash light
works very well on cutting plywood . since i am left handed , it does take a little getting used to . oh well ...
this unit performs very good . i like the fact that it is weatherproof .
looks like it will last 10 years all stainless steel high quality , i will use this a lot everyday , great thingamabob .
great tool for soldering . as a field service technician i often don't have a second set of hands around , this makes it much easier
i keep it with my keys always . one never knows when a bottle of beer needs opening or a can of beer needs to be shotgunned .
we purchased two of these to light our nativity scene . easy to put together and very bright . we are happy with this purchase .
this bit works great for edging my rail and stile doors . great cutting and quality from freud as usual . would recommend it to anyone .
i received the lantern promptly and it also included instruction cards . i didn't have any issues with inserting the batteries . the light works fine so far .
it's comfortable , adjustable , not pricey , and it looks pretty decent . great buy.this is probably one of my shortest reviews .
kreg screws , they are the best . use these with the kreg pocket hole set and they work perfectly ! excellent product and i highly recommed them .
these clamps work well my 4 inch dust collector hoses . easy to install and hold well . they do what they are intended to do .
excellent tools , what more can you say . wish i had sprung for them years ago .
a very simple design , easy to use . lite weight and small size with a magnetic clip tucks away nicely . great lite for the car
very glad to have several grades of sandpaper . looking forward to purchasing this again in the future . i'm glad that this retailer has options .
no real review needed , just the pocket hole screws that are needed for pocket hole construction . they work like they should .
this item is worth buying and very usefull . its cheap for its great quality . its very easy to use and install .
very nice hook , easy to install , holds onto towels well ( no slippage ) and feels substantial / high quality . highly recommended .
this led bulb is exactly what i was looking for . it is bright for an led and saves on energy .
very good quality , solid little gadget . bright light that stays on without having to keep a finger on the button . love it !
didn't like the clip that came with my tape measure , kept damaging my belt . this item saved my belt .
these are hard to find elsewhere , and with the three standard sizes you can use any socket with your battery operated drill or impact driver .
like it . i one for the office and one for the garage . great tool .
hey are pretty bright , and the sensor works great.stays on for just right length of time after movement stops .
have bought this unit twice before , it has two wires if you don't have a ground line , they work excellent and they are easy to program
uvex s1933x skyper safety eyewear , black frame , sct-orange uv extreme anti-fog lens works great as far as i can tell , comfortable and all around protection .
great product . the handles make disconnection much easier than standard 50 amp plugs . solid construction . i recommend it to anyone needing extra length 50 amp cable .
with very little practice , it's easy to change between the low light , bright light and strobe modes . lots of light in a small package .
these work perfectly with my dewalt dc608k 18 volt 18guage 2 inch nailer . no stoppages or stuck brads , no brads separated from strip or stuck in magazine .
not as bright as the competition . i bought both . i will modify this to put on the other side of the blade
this has worked extremely well for me over the last year when i could not get bolts out . i was very happy to have it in those situations .
i use these nails in my paslode t - 250 - a nailer . in my opinion these are some tough hard nails and worth the money .
crappy stuff , or mine defected or it barely got anything sharpened , it doss not cost 7 buck really cheap product .
we really like this rack . it's well made and attractive . it fit our cabinet just fine . i'm glad we got it .
excellent little tool for 3 -> 2 prong adaptation techniques . sometimes you just have to do the things that you want to do . it's your job .
holds my wrench set perfectly , can easily pull it from the tool chest and grab sizes until you find the right one .
good quality tools for light use on iphone use . contains everything you need in a convenient kit with holder . smart buy for iphone repairs .
these items work ok , but cause safety eye wear to fog up if the mask does not fit well around the bridge of the nose .
this item was a good price and came quickly . it was brand new in a sealed box . nice and bright .
you don't know how much your not seeing until you install this lens . crystal clear , super wide angle . worthy upgrade for any door !
the product seems well designed and of quality materials and all suitable for the intended purpose and the price was right ..
these go in straight , load well , don't deflect even with lower velocity , and are more cost effective than my local hardware stores .
a well made , very nicely designed rod made of durable material . the brackets are particularly strong so a heavy drape is no problem .
has pretty much everything needed to finish up several big sanding jobs . wish it had some 40 or 60 grit though .
they are quite a bit bigger than i expected and needed , but they do what they are supposed to and that's about it .
it does a good job and my son installed it in minutes . i would recommend it to anyone who needs something like this
good to have on hand in many situations , even if your eyes are still good . good product and a good price
this looks like a quality product . nice hard plastic . leviton usually makes quality stuff . i would recommend buying this item .
i am using this product for pre application of very expensive varnish and it is holding up well and doing a good job of removing dust particles .
good ! what i was expecting , but beware it runs a bit large , so order a size smaller than you normally would .
these blades last a lot longer than other blades i have used . also this is a good variety of different tpi .
blades are sharp , work well and came with a great variety . storage pouch works well and looks like it should last .
there is nothing more to say about this , i am just rambling on to fill in the word minimum . chinese made tools are garbage !
plenty of light . ruggad takes a licken and still works . would buy again.small and will fit in pocket when crawling thru attics
this is a good deal for peace of mind , with so many accidental deaths due to carbon monoxide it is being recommended to my family members and friends .
works well , easy to program , much cheaper than in the local big box store . and quick shipping , too .
... but this is more convenient . the number of times i'll use this i could probably count on one hand but it's a convenient tool to have around .
if you need to store an emergency hose that you don't plan to use regularly its ok for the price . mine blew out on third use .
i love these things ... easy to put in and do the job of closing the doors softly without a hitch . great retrofit for cabinets .
this is a really soothing lamp , i love it . there are four color patterns , including one that strobes if you don't feel like being soothed .
i am glad there is a pack of adequate rollers available at a decent price for those of use with just a couple rooms to paint .
not much to write about light bulbs other than i like the amount you get for the price and they are very bright was happy
works quickly and efficiently . no problems of getting to hot or cold . looks nice also . cant go wrong with this product
this makes my bosch router much more flexible , put this in and can use the porter cable screw in guides.my bosch router is the 1617evs
i don't know much about solder but this one works for me . this is what i will purchase the next time i'm in need .
this tool works fine with pex tubing in our house . i used it to clamp some tubes to connect a dishwasher .
these are good bits but could be better , the driving tips are a bit soft and will round off if the tip bounces out of the screw .
this is a great looking push button for the honeywell door chime . it is very easy to install and extremely easy to sync to the door chime .
great beam spread , bright even light . perfect for hiding under counter because of thin design .
there's not much you can review about jumpers like these . they work great , and have been performing as expected . these are okay .
we had three switches . i replaced one with a programmable timer to control the outside light fixtures.this new wall plate fit just as expected .
foots the bill and allows for easier cleaning of rust and other detritus in tight places where scraping the finish is a non issue .
i purchased for a friend needing to cut formica . he used it and said it was easy and permormed exactly as we hoped , precise and clean cuts .
also cuts through plaster , cement board , drywall . nothing stops these discs . works great ! ! get two to make sure you have some around .
i use this product at my office as a spare . holds a charge for a very long time . works great and plenty of power
for the price around 1100.00 this is a great home shop sander . it is easy to set up and works well
these timers are inexpensive , accurate , they have good resolution . they have been reliable and functional . what more can you ask .
i always use formbys tung oil , and this high gloss that i just purchased is even better than the low gloss .
this 3m product is great . many uses . holds very good . 00000 00000 000000 0000 00 00000 0000 0000 0000 000  0000
i don't even remember its there - just feels like one of my keys but it's come in handy often.super sharpeasy to removelightweightstrong / durableeasy to use
worked great for my purpose . got a ps3 for $ 40 and fixed it with this $ 20 gun . definitely paid for itself .
great flashlight , this is the one i keep by my bedside it is a very bright flashlight and will light up the night for you .
if you work on your own computer , you really need this . cheap . simple to use . just do it . good buy here .
this is a great scale . highly recommended . this is the second one that i have bought . would strongly recommend it for you .
this product works great , just make sure to dry after use - mine rusted a bit after leaving it to air dry on the counter .
this is really good fan . easy to install . just don't like the part that the blubs don't center in light fixture .
i never again have to remember to turn our outside lights on or off again . smart without being hackable from the outside world .
i'm not really sure what manner of review to write for such a small accessory , but this seems to work fine .
i really like this for our homecan use in different rooms esp when ur sick it helps clear the air.the light is gentle and nice great price
try it you'll like it ... and they last with every day use we get about a year or more out of these ...
this product works very well and does what it states it does . i haven't used it much but it does a great job when i have used it .
i would reccomend these drill bits to anybody who needs to anchor down projects of any of thier fastening needs .
installation and setup are easy . if you already have other kwikset locks you can use the same key too since it has the smartcode system .
dewalt products deserve their reputation - - these bits are hard to beat . they were delivered on-time .
you do not need 12 gauge for led landscape lamps . this wire is somewhat soft but well insulated for you landscape work . great product
this served my husband's purpose . he felt it could have lasted a little longer but was satisfied with its performance .
this thing is awesome and will give you the critical electrical info you need . also given what it does for the price it cant be beat !
work great . my sun used them to put an alarm in his tool box at work . geek squad electronics in staller what can i say ...
i was remodeling my laundry room , and build some draws that went under the front loading washer and dryer . that's when it came in handy .
hard to beat mag-lites for their durability and quality . i like how this unit uses aa batteries instead of the aaa-cluster type arrangements found in other led lights .
can't imagine life without it now . it's my go to stand now , especially for hanging cabinets . would definitely purchase again .
my grandson was so very pleased with this pocket knife . all the men in the family advised me to buy this brand and i am glad i did
i bought the dewalt dc970k - 2 18 volt drill / driver kit you charge the bateries like it says and they stay charged .
this seems to be quality built , but i still have to use it yet . i will update once i use it .
i have bought two of them after putting the first one in the laundry room . my wife wanted another one for the garage .
great product for wood working .. cuts with ease . easy to control .. make sure you follow directions in guard placement and you are all set .
great for camping and for around the house . have been wanting to buy one for years finally made the move .
as a technician i like quality in my tools ! these are just that good quality ! for the price it works great for everyday use too ... thanks
this is a very attractive light . the shade is just right , concealing glare from the bulb , but allowing light to illuminate the wall above the receptacle .
i use this to adapt my small gas grille to portable throw away bottle instead of a 20 # bottle . it works for me
i have multiple uses for this seam roller - from photo mounting to physical massage . this one is perfect for my uses and is built to last .
this unite is compact and easy to store in a small place , operation is very quite for a air compressor .
seem to be made of good quality . great for sanding or painting projects or for whatever else you would need this protection from the environment .
love it no more screws . looks so much cleaner without the 8 screws showing . got them on every switch in our house .
had two or three loose screwdrivers , decide to buy the set so i would not have to improvised when i did not have the right one .
i found this product to be the best buy on the market and it works superbly . i highly recommend this sellor .
i bought these to replace the batteries that came with the flashlight . they last many times longer than the stock batteries and charge just as quickly .
i used this in a kitchen remodel job by the eat up counter for the customers laptop ect . nicely made and the screw clamps fit #12 wire
piece of art that you can use daily , depend on , buy two and put one back foe someone you care about .
strong , easy to use , great to have ones that are higher than the crank ... a great improvement over ones i purchased a few decades ago .
what a great idea . gives you the ability to hollow out a spindle into a turned box . easy to use .
there jig saw blades do just as advertised and are for small projects as they hold well only against thin metals and material .
it does what it is supposed to just like it is supposed to . it is very convenient and is a space saver .
these work very well , and the price from amazon is hard to beat . comes with a built in carbon filter
this paint is much more gray than most white paints i've used . it's just dull and not bright at all .
i saw this and it worked perfect loved this deal.this was much more expensive in the box stores . i think this was a great deal indeed .
i sent mine back becasue it was just too small but on inspection it it seemed to be good qaulity .
very well made and very accurate . you need a sharp pencil to use this tool , but it does produce confidence inspiring layouts .
well , they work but be careful the plastic is not the really tough stuff and very easy to strip out .
having additional batteries are great , use them everyday and really convenient have two to switch off with while working on jobs
good batteries and pricing is great for this size . i have a led flashlight that uses these and glad to find a reasonable price for them .
it ok , made of neoprene so it stretchs to fit your flash light . no a big fan of the clip attachment option .
i bought this for my automatic coffee maker and it work flawlessly . gel still visible after several washes . fully satisfied .
use occasionally . not as useful as originally thought but still a good tool . more words needed a i the so go it
has everything i need and doesn't bend or break like other cheap sets you might find . worth the money , i love this set !
i had read a few good & not so good reviews , but everything was intact & the stand works great for my little craftsman bench grinder .
this variable depth rabbiting bit gives a super clean cut . it is actually a better kit than the the others .
this thing kicks @ss ! what else can one say ? i may caulk my dog so he doesn't leak on the carpet !
this is a must have bag . i work in the h . v . a . c . field and this bag works great for me .
not really any better than the two products i already have so it goes in the bottom drawer of the toolbox .
it works great with my small angle grinder . it even has multiple size arbor adapters to fit different equipment . excellent carbide on the blade tips , too .
this unit works great . it only works with the remotes manufactured by the same company . only better thing would be to have a remote clip with adhesive .
wow is this thing loud ! ! ! would definitely scare someone away . would not be able to handle the sound . good product .
these are typical hole saw bits , with slightly staggered teeth like you would expect . i used it to install a door , no issues . still plenty sharp
better than the picture . the color goes great with my stone paver patio and grill surround.easy to install . i wish my other outdoor outlets looked as nice .
not high end for sure ; hoever , for every day use you certainly cannot beat the price.works well , has not failed me as of yet.anthony
love it . got is for a great price that beat any of the local chain prices ( delta around thirty bucks ) . great product .
worked great when my heater died . it was 28 degrees outside and 64 in side on low and there's still a lot of propane left in the tank .
this item works as advertised and has stopped the predators from digging any further into and under my fence , this product is well worth it
these gloves seem to work fine and i've had no cuts . i chop and cut a lot of food every day . quite pleased !
no one had in stock locally . they wanted to order it for me at three times the price at twice the wait . easy enough to replace .
honestly this wire was built very nice , not cheap homecheapo wire.price reasonable . very flexible and the end are solid . using it with a husky 7k generator .
these gloves are perfect for keeping hands warm or protected from thorns , while allowing a good amount of dexterity . part of my desert hiking / backpacking bag .
worked well for a while until the bit rounded out . i guess you've got to pay quite a bit more to get hardened torx bits
all i can say about the bench dog products i purchased is that they are made of good quality . i am very satisfied with my purchases 1
love this thing . sturdy , bright , well built and great battery life . would recommend this to campers , service techs alike . a +
easy to use and exactly what i needed to clean up tennons and dados . after i honed the blade it was pleasure to use .
it was easy enough to install in the fixture and looks nice and bright . what more can i say - only time will tell .
plate joiner ... should have got this years ago , it cuts exactly as it needs too , makes me feel stupid for ever trying it with a router .
not much tiu can say other than it fits the colt perfectly and accepts pc threaded template guides just as it should .
google this for more details " klarus xt11 ( xm-l u2 - 1x18650 , 2xcr123a / rcr ) review : runtimes , beamshots , video + "
i really like moen products , nice looking , functional and the price was reasonable . yes , and it is a towel bar .
works as advertised without the hassle of trying to blow smoke from a match into the chamber should come enclosed with every alarm sold .
use on my cnc router all the time . not complaints and have cut many thousand board foot . they stay sharp for a long time .
very good medium-priced set . you can purchase better , but this is fine for almost everything the " handyman " wants to build ! hb
good cheap sandpaper . does clog faster than some of the more fancy stuff , but for the price , the quality is there ...
having this " handle " with the blade makes all the difference in the world for being very user friendly . i wish i had found this much earlier .
this is an ok saw blade for the price , but you get what you pay for . i just replace it with a cmt 80 tooth blade
this little microscope with a uv light is really handy and not expensive . buy two and give one to a friend , i did !
my husband can't live with out his battery screw driver . he loves it . this is his second one , and he uses them all the time .
no regrets buying this . works as expected and tracking stays very true . happy to have another makita tool in my shop
i use them constantly . they work as advertised and the more i use them , the more useses i find for them .
i got this to work on a few wood projects they have good quality tools and stand behind there items , will provide years for use !
the light is very cheaply made and the on and off switch broke on the third time i turned it on do not buy
good set of allen wrenches really strong and durable the rounded end is great when using at an angle for tightening
this can opens from the bottom ... ? but still same fine product and worth the up side lable good deal
great tool . i did not know what to expect , and was pleasingly surprised . i would recommend to others .
i needed to have added sockets in my kitchen in a tight awkward space , and this worked just great . very pleased .
the product is worth what i paid - i guess quality comes at a price . vendor was on time as advertised !
my son likes to throw himself on the toilet , that lead me to change the gasket twice already . i bought this and have had to look back once
once you realize to use the beltsander to level all these off , you are extremely satisfied with this product ... go for it .
this pot is well made and does a good job . looks nice on the work-table . easy to clean and stable . nice unit .
easy to use and keeps mama happy with sharp blades for the kitchen . no hassle or fuss a couple of swipes and it's sharp again .
good color although whiter than halogen bulbs . about the same as a 20 watt halogen . excellent value , will buy more .
these lights are a little whiter than incandescent but do what i need them to do without using much electricity .
my husband needed a light that was magnet for his table saw . this did a great jobwhy do we need to type so much in this field .
this is a very bright light for being so small . i put it on my car keys and love it .
it's very cool once you learn how to use it . like others , watch your fingers and it's really only good for straight lines or long sweeping curves .
these batteries pack a strong punch . i will continue to review this over time if the quality doesn't hold up . right now , i'm very happy .
great tape measure had one b4 but dissapeared i love my fat max's they are great and above any other tape measure
fits great in my knifes pouch . this is a must have for your survival kit . buy it's a good quality sharpener .
i like the variety of bits and , of course , they work perfectly in my new b & d drill ! good price , too ! !
bought with the nail gun wen 61720 . i used the different sizes in my project with no problems . would buy again .
mirka has an outstanding h & l product . the 100 grit cuts extremely well , has tremendous lasting capability and is easily reusable many , many times .
this is a simple tool for worn out lift supports . the price is right and it works great , better than vise grips .
exact replacement for honeywell filter . i have been using them for years with no problem plus they are much less expensive .
would recommend this to anyone having hand shower . with this you can point the shower head almost anywhere you want .
we bought this hose to run a back-nailer . the hose is well-constructed and sturdy but still maintains a high flexibility . the end couplings are high quality .
this is the best price that i found for this kit . i paid $ 99 and free shipping . some places wanted that much for one battery alone .
this tool is well machined , with a good finish , and a shallow depth to perfectly clear the surroundings of your oil filter .
for the money i like this the drawers are deep the wheels work it took 5 minutes to.assemble and what else is theren
this neiko professional grade 8-p iece impact socket set is what i was looking for . perfect for any job what require impact socket adapters by size .
it is a very good glove , which i use for crossfit training . it's a quality glove and it gives me good grip , necessary when i train .
i just mainly use this to sharpen my lawn mower blade but it does the job really fast . dewalt makes good products , can't go wrong here .
arrived quickly , bright lights . we'll see how long they last . i got these to replace the florescent bulps that didn't put out much light .
this sander is great , it is made to last for many year , i wish i would had bought this sander when i bought my first one
it's not as bright as i think , 75w at most , a little bit expensive for the performance . but it's okay overall .
what can't you do with a dremel ? i use this thing so much it's hard to image what i did before i had it .
great little flashlight . this was way more than i expected , and for the money i wish i would have bought about 10 more . thanks ! !
nice complete set . maybe some larger sizes would be nice , as this set quits at 19mm , but for the money it's hard to complain .
perfect for what it does , hard to pump it up , but it works , work well , and should be owned by every home owner
very handy tool set . this allows getting to recess screws with my electric screwdriver . the magnetic holder is a good idea and works fine
these bars are just what i saw in a video and ordered them.they work just as described in the video and make it easy to set upmy router .
a small screwdriver set that was an addition to my small box for minor repairs to my home and use on vehicles
starrett ( made in usa ) punch set . highest quality out there . holds a point very well . don't loan ' em to your friends .
after doing quite a bit of research , i decided this one was best . after several years of use , i've not been disappointed .
purchased two units for random use . for the small size , they appear to be solidly built . no complaints or challenges .
they work as they should . they cut smoothe and fast . so far they have cut cedar , oak , fir and mahogany .
big heavy piece of steel . this does have the wieght to pound into wood etc and last a long time . plus its cool !
good tool just added it to the rest of my m12 set a very handy tool and very versatile tyo
comes complete with plastic protectors over the threads of the brass end points . excellent quality . this will provide an excellent feed from my compressor to my filter .
i have bought about 10 of these light and so far they have worked flawlessly . bright enough if you don't need it to bright .
when you want the screws to flush with the wood , you need the countersink bits . one of those " must have " helpers .
these are used for my children's school desks . they are a little bright , but we solved that by putting them on a shelf above their heads .
this appears to be very high quality and we expect to get a lot of service out of it . pleased
i keep this one by my bed , it has low setting for getting out of bed and then i can increase the light very easy by pressing again
this made a great addition to my kreg router table . attached very easy and has two plugs on the back . highly recommend .
cheap product , the tips are slightly misaligned . might be worth shelling out a few extra bucks for better pair . china is china .
this seems like a high quality set of adapters . it should last a long time . happy with the purchased and the price was excellent .
the kreg system of fastening is just awesome . tight joints and no guesswork .
great set of travel locks for international travelers . lock mechanisms operate smooth and do not seem to stick or feel cheap .
the xpr batteries hold a charge much longer than the standard 18v batteries that come with most tools .
these are perfect for my impact gun . i use them every time i work on cars or mopeds . buy it
did what it was supposed to .. just began leaking after 10 + years . replaced it with same model which now has an easier to adjust thermostat .
save your money . this product is cheap & flimsy . save up for a real combination square and you'll be happier in the long run .
i got this to light my flag and flag pole . it does a really good job . charges all day and shines all night .
it is a useful product , it makes easier and faster the change of the drills and other parts in your dremel tools
a new pad makes the sander hold sanding disks the same way it did when it was new .
handy and heavy duty , they are sharp and have stayed that way as of yet . had them about a month or so i guess . great tool !
great outlet to charge your usb devices . tested with iphone 5s , ipad mini , galaxy s5 and lumia 925.some dc adapter can cover the usb ports .
must have for cutting battery cables . cuts through corroded wire like butter and leaves a nice cut unlike diagonal cutting pliers .
i used these to install some window blinds . i have had no issues with this . for really small jobs , it gets it done .
i built my own dust collection system and used this on my separator . it worked perfectly and is made from good quality materials .
i own three of these as they are great for my profession and i have one that i use at home .
quality product made in the usa . they don't slip like the cheap imports . it's time to bring back more of these jobs to the usa .
these seem like they are alright , i hope they hold up for a while ... maybe they will we will see
this is good for track or recess lights.this is a spot vs a flood bulb , more to highlight an object or area
after the batteries ate my old one i got a led , works great and puts out more light than the old style .
just what my daughter needed to keep some small tools in for around the house . light weight and strong with good handles /
i love the idea , my company bought it for me , but honestly for what it is the price is very high in my opinion .
simple heavy-duty replacement for the plastic bracket that came with my fire extinguisher . the plastic bracket grew weak over time and would not hold the extinguisher .
i am a flashlite nerd and this is one of the best replacement bulbs i ever bought for aa mini mag
the rechargable batteries i ordered from crazy cart i love them they work great what they are is 4 pcs . 3.7 v 18650 3000mah rechargable batteries .
the screwdriving set is amazingly easy to use and to find . the colorful case stores well on the shelves of the shop .
these fit and are comfortable . best of all they really don't fog . these are easily the best safety goggle i've owned .
the item looks and feels top quality . i'll be using the maxcraft 60601 flex ratchet screwdriver for my daily diy work .
works great , but in a normal two plug socket it is too big to be able to use both sockets once this plugged in .
this is a mediocre push stick with a docking station that is totally useless . there are other push sticks available that do a much better job .
nice handle , seems well made , extends and retracts with ease . keep it away from your pc , cc's , anything subject to the sensitivity of magnetism !
handy with good length cord . like the little tiny led light that makes it easy to find in the dark without being annoying .
use these in motor home for basement plugs and items we want to turn off and on without going outside . work great .
for the amount of utility you can't beat the price . i bought a few and put them in my car kit and hiking pack .
simple to use . you just place the tip near any wire and if it has power , the unit will flash red , beep and vibrate .
we have several of these in our home and find they work very well . a much need item in any home .
works great , very smooth and on / off switch is very soft and doesn't make the loud clicking sound .
a complete set of thread measuring gages both us and metric . easy to use and easy to store . thanks for the compact product !
once in awhile i have to get down in my crawlspace and this saves the usuage of not having to hold a flashlight while attempting to fix something .
i bought this for mixing thin set . i nearly burned up my cordless.good price , very powerful . i am satisfied .
happy with the purchase . can't beat these sockets for the money . met my expectation and does the job more expensive products do .
versatil nailer . fires right on every time . case included for protection and the way these things get thrown around this is a good feature .
nice colors and like the memory feature i just wish it was a little brighter and a higher wattage was available in this exact model and features .
this kit has almost everything you need for any project . many tools at a good price . also a good product !
this is a very durable stapler and it very rarely shoots misshots because of the design of the staples and stapler itself .
i have several pocket and kitchen knives that needed sharpened . after three or four passes knives are as sharp as day one .
relatively easy to install . quiet . looks to be well-made.it even looks reasonably attractive - why hide this under the sink ?
otherwise a 5 star rating as it is both a great price and works as described . not sure at this price if they could make a better headband .
this solar light marks my side gate to the backyardand stays lite for a long time at nite .. nice feature .. great nite light ..
perfect for cushioning cabinet doors , hanging things that would rub when moved , etc .
these end caps are a " snap " to install and finish the look of the geartrack . like all the geartrack products these are nice-looking and well-made !
this set gives me all i need and more . blades are well made and very durable . great case to keep them in .
got a set of these with the stand , but needed another set for my other saw.works well and does what they are suppose to do .
this is without question one of the best all-around glues i have ever purchased and used ! great on various surfaces .
this is , in my opinion , a must have for any wood working or flooring shop . i use it for under cutting doors
these are great batteries and a great valve for the cost . they are dependable and i use them a lot .
the spiral blade from dremel works very well for then type wood products . do not recommend on 2x4 ' s . hope this helps .
great product.toilet tissue reserves are a great way to save space ! no tools required and hooks over the tank .
could have two gears to help stabilize the crank arm like my fathers of unknown brand .. not as good as an old one if you can find one .
craftsman tools are always a welcome gift or reward as this will be used for . workers always love to obtain tools for home or profession
the trigger igniter on this torch is a must have feature . gone are the days of fumbling with a flint striker , this thing is awesome .
this is awesome , compact and gets a blade sharp fast , never be stuck with a dull blade , just buy one of these and you're set .
as of anything from starrett it is a top quality product . comes in a nice package and the pin punches were straight with excellent knurling on the handles .
i have not had one blow apart on me yet , they do what they should , last for a good bit.nice for the . money .
i use this mask for spraying lacquer in my cabinet shop . with the charcoal filter in place , i do not smell the lacquer fumes at all .
i started wood turning a while back and purchased this item . i is well machined and works well . the end
tool works well and i've used it on many bnc connectors . i do not use the included cutters as i have a separate cutter for the task .
i ordered the wrong size batteries and they are still in the box as they were not returned as should have happened .
did not want to spend a lot of money on a tarp just o use once or twice a year and this should do the job .
i use it to start fires with cotton balls soaked it vasiline or coated with wax depending on what i have around . works great
all in one or 2 sets should i say . strong material , has a holder pictured ,
a handy little light to have . it works great and i can put it just about anywhere.recommended .
have used many different " demolition " blades over the years . this one combines the best features of flexibility ( less breakage ) - good cutting and longevity
great jig . i trust it so much i don't even cut test holes first . keep a stock of driver bits though .
makes setup and moving a self levelling laser around a room really easy to do , i would recomment it gladly .
this mallet works well for working on firearms . neither side will mar your finish and the black ( harder ) side works well for driving punches .
i only bought this because it didn't come with the versa cut saw . it was a christmas gift . i assume it's ok .
this blow gun is as claimed . it lis avery easy touse blow gun , and delivers a good amount lof air volume where needed .
purchased for carpet removal . one blade was sufficient to cut carpeting and padding from an average size room with no problems .
i found this hole saw worked just great for the few holes l needed to cut and the price was right
i bought these along with a five piece set of nicholson files . the handle and inserts are comfortable and appear to be well made .
the numbers are easy to read and it will never rust so i intend on having this for a life time .
used to splice into the connectors to make longer connections between led strips.drawback is these are much thicker than the wires of the connectors themselves .
i think this set will be fine . i am still acquiring parts for my delta 46-450 lathe , so won't actually use these parts for a while yet .
i have not used the blades much yet , but they cut quickly . i used them in cutting some old nail ridden lumber without a problem .
the flashlights were bright and arrived quickly . the black friday price was great . the quality for the price was outstanding , what's not to like .
it's ok . i'm still learning how to use it . however , it has been handy for cutting small strips of wood .
i use them to buff my soldering gun tip they also polish my steel tools and brass works clean up ( burnish ) some wood working
clean cutting and long lasting . * * * * * * * * * * # # # # #
these tile clippers work well and are easy to use . they do the job , are very sturdy and generally good to have around .
cuts deep quickly . just thick enough to withstand poking through with the knife at the end , but thin enough to make the task easy .
nice little fan and very little noise . have bought 2 so far . will probably buy a third unit later.larry
titebond 111 has been using this glue for quite sometine now . love it . good set up time . easy cleanup and sanding
got this to go with my impact / drill kit and it works great ! ! it has a nice bright light and the adjustable head is very handy .
batteries seem to take a charge and are currently power an ultrafire flashlight effectively . can't speak to longevity until i have a couple charge cycles on them .
i am using this crimping tool with the pct-trs - 6 locking compression connectors connectors also found on amazon and it works great . very simple to use .
bright , clean , not overly blue light . excellent bulb . phillips products have continued to be excellent choices for me in led lighting .
i will use these sparingly to take apart macbook airs . a one time fix is ok . but i wouldn't trust them to last for years .
great quality steel . and great use for make home works , camping , using in the car or have some advantage with your leatherman tool !
this tool set may be cheap , and you get what you pay for . every tool broke on its first use ! avoid !
great product great product great product great product great product stanley 39-130 3 x 1/4- inch powerlock kstanley 39-130 3 x 1/4- inch powerlock key tape ey tape
fits my new furnace ( a trane ) replacing an old ge electronic filter which never worked on my other older furnace and the price was right too .
i use these with my 12 volt lithium milwaukee impact driver eliminating the need to carry a second drill in with a chuck .
this stubby pliers come in handy when working in tight spaces . they have nice rubber tipped handles as well .
this is a nice small set that has pretty much what a person would need around the house for normal jobs .
installed unit on a 2hp harborfreight dust collector . just plug it in and go . works great in my basement shop .
pros : compact , 3 light outputs , adjustable belt , light weight , adjust lamp without any issues.cons : nonehappy with the purchase !
pretty nifty little device ! built much better and stronger than what i was expecting . nice to see which chargers are the strongest !
these blades cut efficiently and stay sharp with use . they are thick so that they don't break easily . it pays to go with quality like this .
looks great special for emergency case waterproof , very useful to visualize any person in a dark situation . very easy to carry everywhere
its great , powerful and full of variety of functions available , the battery charge longer too much for work hard everywhere
anti-fog is a myth.it seals on skin , but the curvature of its plastic body is exaggerated ( or my forehead is too flat ? :-)
i bought these for lawn mowing . put earbuds under them and you can't hear a thing . makes yard work much better .
dripping delta faucet was fixed quickly with simple installation . removed the old parts , popped in the new one , and presto , no more drips !
well worth the price for this laser leveler . works as described . tripod is easy to adjust . self-leveling is accurate . i recomment it for anyone .
heres another excellent tool from maxcraft . its going to make me look like a pro . if it was a card i'd have a ace .
they worked for me . i used them to put led standard base bulbs in my ceiling fan . hoping to save some dollars on my next electrical bill .
i am using this on a hose reel mounted to my garage wall . it works great , doesn't leak and seems to be well made .
i should have bought two ! seriously awesome & bright flashlight ! needs 2 c batteries not included . 1 other battery for red light included .
the pilot points work really well and the drill bits look like they are quality . recommend them , just buy them .
not too bright , but just enough for the baby room . we love that there is not a loss of plug .
what more needs to be said ? title says it all . it keeps the cord and hose out of the way .
just push the button and measure . makes one person measuring a breeze . wish i have gotten one along time ago when i lost my other one .
plastic blastgates cost almost as much as their aluminum cousins . so why buy plastic ?
having lots of fun tinkering and adjusting to different locations for best effect.instructions easy to follow and when set off will wake the dead !
great light . use it daily i purchased batteries and a chafer too as well as one for my car . great light for daily use .
good value , good assortment . recommend . i bought these for my boat ( saltwater ) so will see where things stand after a season of use .
you turn it on stick it in the water to be tested and you get your reading ... how easy is that ? works great !
great product melts any mineral build-up in my dishwasher . wear gloves if spot applying with a sponge since it can be caustic .
i used this on photos that were being used on projects and am impressed with the tough seal . without it , the photos were being damaged and scratched .
great solder ; good price . it does the job and does it well . the solder is very easy to work with on small boards .
the t - 40 does not fit as well as my other t - 40 . not sure why . maybe a defective ? maybe a fluke ?
great fit easy install . looks and works great . before the light only worked some of the time . always fiddling with it . 5 star review
it works as it is inteded , to run the power further and i have no issues with it . good product !
works great also wixey uses all the same battires in all theair gauges thats a plus would rec ..
what is there to say . they were cheap and alot of them , and they work for normal people ; maybe not mechanics .
this is quality ! it takes some sliding around to find a stud , but it works amazinly . i would recommend this highly . no batteries needed .
purchased these for a job and 3 out of the 10 were bad . i purchased the phillips bulb and liked this product much better .
this item arrived very rapidly and met all expectations.very powerful beam , perfect size and cannot stay on in your pocket . a must have .
like i like there products good grip and well made just u might what to tie it to u or youll lose it or it grows legs and
i love this machine . it was just what i needed to do accurate work with a drill on delicate work . dremel didn't disappoint me at all .
it is too heavy , awkward and not easy to store - i will probably give it away or throw it away
these snips are rugged , built well , cut well , and the price was lower than i expected . no complaints at all !
wow , super nice quality for the money ! if they were stamped " snap-on " , i would believe it . can't go wrong with these .
these are really sorry lights . stay away and go for the ones that are smaller and take only the 18650 batteries .
awe some love this light very nice and just bright enough to read and not disturb my hubby in bed .. lov it a lot
if you want good security this is itstrong , weather resistant and reliable . used by home owners and pros alike
i really cant tell a diffrence in the air quality , but consumer reports said this was the best filter you can get .
the staples have been functioning in the new stapler without incident so i am very satisfied with them . i would recommend the staples to everyone .
the case is strong and protects you from injurythe blades are secure and don't rattlethe dewalt color makes it easy to find in a dark bag or box
this works very well with my huge drill press . i can move it anywhere in the shop and its very handy .
bought these for a rental property . use schlage in all the properties . great product . the satin nickel has a refined look .
well lets see , its bondo , its great , it works . patched my some dents on exterior sheet and interior dash ; bondo is still tops .
very useful toolsexelent for home use , and hardwork use toorecomenden for any wok in what you need a screw driver
pricy for a piece of tubing and a nozzle ... but it works . i needed this extra length to use to fill my car's tank .
these were easy to use , place and look great . they sure do provide a realistic glow , almost like a real fire .
this is some strong tape . i wasn't expecting it to be this strong . i can use it for almost all surfaces . good price .
every day carry.the leatherman wave is the most popular multitool aroundand with this extension , you have a real tool at your fingertips .
this was my first attempt at soldering and i was not sure i would need this or not . if you are soldering wires you need it !
it's wire . it does the job it is supposed to do . it does not cure cancer . it is more supple than i expected , though .
this works great , heavy duty , there are instructions but there not much . if you have used these type of tools before you won't have any trouble .
this product does just what it is designed to do . it is affordable and holds the light or laser secure as desired .
great product , adds onto the skylink system with no issues . came packaged well , had no issues installing . this is an oem item .
only problem with these and other sliders are that they could be of stronger material to help with heavier objects .
the fact that i bought this item 2 times in less than 6 months , says that they work , see my other review , these are a life saver
it works fine . a name brand . easy to set up . i use several fire alarms around the houst . just in case .
great socket set . priced well for my trunk tool bag . they came with a nice storage frame . get one for your car .
great drill bits ! . i use these on all my projects and they have lasted the time and time again . i would recommend to others .
great iron and the led lights are very helpful but i think it gets too hot . it damaged one of my proto-type boards ...
not the greatest quality but it works.pretty universal . a little hard to get the light in it but it holds it tight .
great little tool worked very well i'll always have one on hand in the future , drilled the head flipped the bit removed the carburetor jets no problem .
very low light for finding that switch that the original builder placed off the mark . works well , bought one for the future .
for the price , i was expecting substantially better quality in blades.the only metal blade got dull and stripped after 1 application - cutting off the 1x1 square metal tube
we bought the towel bar in this design and liked it so much that we bought all the related pieces . looks great and will last for years .
bright and solidly built light that fits tightly on my bushmaster , pressure pad is a little thicker than i would have hoped but other than that it's great .
i bought this for my dewalt hammer drill , works great and still holds charge after 2 years . the price was also good .
teh tekton 3561 utility pliers set is a great set that meets about all the needs the home handyman would find during the nromal day .
this is a quick and easy way to keep things in that shouldn't be out . easily installed , and easily used .
this is a great kit that contains of of the odds and ends attachments that you might need . i highly recommend it .
dont buy . product is poorly designed and incomplete . had to improvise to make this work otherwise it would have been tossed . pretty much junk .
the timers occupy little space and is a convenient way to disconnect appliances that are used frequently without having to pull the plug
i own a construction company and i am a finish carpenter by trade . this jigsaw is great !
you can do anything with this , probably will do it wrong , but keep trying .
was perfect setup for the new grandsons room with the blue and red cubes that matched his decor . very useful and will be great for years to come
this is a little item i keep in my backpack for times when there is no other untensil available . it is well made , light and small .
this tool is good all around and has the ripper type of cutter which is great for seat belts making it good for fire / rescue .
this lathe may seem small , but it is very good for projects that are not huge . quiet motor & not too much vibration .
if you want a exhaust fan that really moves air and prevents steam from building up , this is it . low noise level and top quality fan .
these are surprisingly bright , useful and made well . hands free gives one the ability to do what one has to do when in need of light .
always a must when setting up many xmas lights and use it outdoors an place in a plastic box for weather protection .
just looking at these different sets and knowing i don't need anything what i now have makes my impression of work for the best
this router table can attach to a work bench , a table , a counter top , saw horses ... just about anything with a flat surface .
a little smaller than expected but still work well and last a good while during tough work . i'd buy again ... i will buy again .
not bad for the sale price but not worth full price . doesnt work too well with fat tires . i would keep looking !
it works at the jobsite to help keep some of the smaller tools organized . it's nothing too special but if you need one it works
very easy to install , accidentally tested when someone burned some cookies ( just smoke , no fire ) . it works and silenced when i pushed the button .
never any problems with these brads , quality product , all sizes work well , so i am a happy customer , thanks
rock solid performance and decent price . i have 30 of these " brick " controllers on my homeseer and have not experienced any failures . well satisfied .
great set of cords in various sizes . i use these on my bike rack and the different sizes are great for different ways to position the bikes .
i put about 30 of these in my house . after about a year they are all performing perfectly . easy installation and adjustment .
small punches work fine as you get into the larger sizes the amount of force needed to punch approaches need for sledge hammer to cut .
i bought two of these product and one works for a while and then the brightness went down.no use . the lights almost gone .
i'm quite pleased with the quality of this lamp , for under 40 bucks its really nice and looks great in our living room .
this filter was easy to install . only wish there was a way to properly dispose of the old one without having to worry about water dripping everywhere .
this lock is easy to use and it feels very durable and well-built . i also like that you can set your own combination .
don't waste you money . you can't see the light . it was not worth going through thtrouble of returning it so i gave it to kid to play
these replacement belts are very good quality and a nice value . they are durable and sharpen any tool or knife extremely well .
i really like this tool and it keeps my snap rings from " disappearing " . very well made and versatile . i'd recommend to a friend .
this 3m lube is of high quality . i use it on my machines all the time . i highly recommend . a +
i'm a non professional professional that doesn't have a big budget for tools but know the importance of decent tools . this tool fits my needs ; )
i used these on a recent trip to utah for desert riding and they worked great , i recommend these for any trail riding use
i would reccomend this to any one who needs to cut materials to get the job done fast and right .
its a nice little kit . we used them to display a few items on our pegboard display that wouldn't hang nicely from any of our hooks . - cr
so far i've used these bits to cut plastic and wood with no problems . the bits hold edge for a decent ammount of time and perform as expected .
very useful little tool . if you plan to replace any molding around doors or windows this tool will make it a much easier job . worth the price .
this was another replacemnt , the original burned out . it seems to charge faster and can also do 12v which is awesome .
good table and top , nice workmanship and a great service dept.sloppy fence to adjust , don't like it.buy it on sale .
what can i say , it's a good wall plate , with appropriately sized holes ! didn't have the the screw issue , as i received all four .
there's not much to this . it turns on a dusk and off at dawn . it works exactly like it's supposed to . i recommend it .
what can i say , they are nails . they don't cause problems with my bostitch floor nailer and most are in full sleeves .
good , bright light . triggers easily over a broad range of angles . easy to install .
these nails worked great - - had great holding power . i had no issues with jam ups . i would recommend these for oak hardwood flooring .
the extension bits are for my power drill and they work good when i am tiring to complete home projects .
this helmet has improved my welding 100 % i have probably welded for 50 + hours with it at this point without a hitch.works great , well worth the price
great value at top quality . very versatile and practical , can only recommend this item , bought both metric and sae . like the holders .
this hopkins flotool shaker works soewhat well after a lot of shaking . i had to suck the end to get flowing .
always wanted one , and these came at the right price.good in the dark , and definitely a self-defence item too !
this wrench is solid and well made ! i was leery of this item because of the price but so pleased that i also bought the 15 " version .
if you have a kreg tool this is the tool to complement the kit . makes joining the pieces of wood easy .
until i found this i couldn't use my old drill bits , makes changing a breeze . very well built and easy to load .
easy to load sandpaper , smooth operation , quieter than some . does a great job sanding deck railings to get ready for paint .
more stanley tools to add to my growing collection . very pleased with addition of stanley quality . makes tools easier to work with in shop
glad i purchase this a nice tape measure and would recommend anyone thinking about buying this tape measure . love it and glad i brought it
these lights work better than i thought they would . the path is just bright enough to allow you to see in the dark .
good idea and product for home users . the price is reasonable for a multipurpose tool . i'm looking forward using it . i like using dremel products .
it works just fine . i have a phd in experimental physics . i tested it using an improvised carbon monoxide generator . this device responded as expected .
this is without a doubt the glue of choice for me whether woodworking or guitar making.and you cannot do better than satellite city's customer service . highly recommended .
went together easily and seems to work well . to date , i haven't checked to see if the measurements are accurate .
just came today ( spark-lite military edition fire starter and tinder quik ) compact and easy to store away . will be ordering more
i bought this counter sink bits and they are a great buy for the money . comes with for depth sizes .
i gave bad point because in the first day doesnt work at soon i installed the bell no make sound terrible buyed
worked great and i was able to map out my house very easily using this device . you will need two people to do this .
handy little screwdriver has saved me on a few difficult jobs . good for very small screws and tight jobs . electronics , small set screws , etc .
they were as discribed and i would recommend getting them if you ladder doesn't have them now . well worth it .
this battery tester works well . i've had it for some time and does an accurate job of checking out your batteries . beats dragging a multimeter out .
this chuck fit this tool dremel 700 - n /8 minimite two speed rotary , this tool it fit very good . ( have a bless day )
not much to say , they work very well . i did not find any deformed screws in the box ( very common to find them ) .
this set is ok . very inexpesive - - you do get what you pay for , but don't expect super high quality tools .
these blades hold their edge very well and i really like the extra length for cutting larger pieces of wood . i will but more of these .
i purchased these bulbs for my industrial pendant lights over my kitchen island in my loft . i have them on a dimmer and they look amazing .
i got tired of trying to untangle cheap pvc air hoses so i bought this one . goodyear quality the best would buy again and highly recommend .
these bades make an excellent smooth cut . i have used them on various types of wood and they work well with each type .
it feels well made and the grip is nice . i was able to squeeze out a tube of black jack fairly easily .
this tool works great for the compression connectors you can find here on amazon . i have used many times and have not had one faulty connection .
everthing i expected . keeps the cords close to the wall & makes things safer . looks like good quality product that comes in handy .
these screwdrivers do work , but i prefer ones with a plastic handle ( easier to retain a grip ) . these can get a bit slippery .
bought this item a while ago and it works great . its nice to be able to charge 2 batteries at the same time !
it is not very bright , but good for the closet , or the bathroom at night so you don ` t need to turn on the lights .
specifically like the capability to read work documents too , because of the 2x power . comfortable to wear over a prolonged period .
it's okay , but in fact it's a 7w bulb after test with p4460 kill a watt ez electricity usage monitor ( b000rgf29q ) ,
i have screen doors that roll up into the wall , and the track needs to be lubricated , but you don't want it oily - this works perfectly !
this is a fun light i got for the kids . they love it and how can you complain about this with the price it is ?
sander works great and keeps the dust to a minimum . what else could you ask for in such a great deal !
i am using it with the freeman nail gun . it works perfectly with not one jam . i am recovering my dining rm chairs .
very good square , good easy to see markings . still doesn't come with any info inside package so you need to know how to use one .
it's chrome finished , not like the matt black in the photo . looks pretty thick and strong , haven't start using it yet . but please update the picture
fits very well and is adjustable . also seems quite durable . and didn't scratch our registers . i would definitely buy another .
this bit works real well . plenty sharp and holds edge . makes perfect counter sinks . will buy more sizes when needed .
just the right size to carry in your pocket or on your keychain ! grat quality and can be expected from gerber !
the unit did not generate enough light to illuminate my garage entry area , don't know where to use it on my property .
this is a professional quality tool . built sturdy . seems like this will last for years to come !
good product works well on the truck keeps the tooling where it belongs when you need it . dewalt tooling is good a product
work well , but very rarely do they turn off - even in the middle of the day , when there is bright sun light .
i purchased these sockets to work on bicycles . the sizes are perfect for that , these are decent tools and heavily chromed .
best flash liter i ever owned . a little moon in a pocket , highly recommend
i wish the notch for the wires was a little larger , but they barely fit regardless . socket works great . 4 stars for wire fitment .
wasn't sure when i purchased it but it worked well with my small plunge router . really helped in routing two mortise for hinges . highly recommend .
great stuff . used them on my new router table . very slidey , easy to fit and a pretty colour.inspires tool envy in your friends .
this is a handy item to keep around . i purchased it to meet the minimum $ amount for an add-on purchase .
if you're spackeling in a tight spot or you need to fill something in a tight area . pretty good price and ships really quick .
i bought these after reading good reviews . ordered 2 in april 19 , 2013 . one of them died last week . i am not happy now .
i like the variety of bits and , of course , they work perfectly in my new b & d 5.2 amp drill ! good price , too !
these extensions are to me standard industry quality . the are what i expect them to be . i use all of them .
they are small and put out a good deal of light for such a small flashlight plus it uses aa batteries .
a matching set of safety glasses for the wife ( or daughter ) . they fit well and are of the typical quality i would expect .
best stud finder i've ever seen . this thing works great . don't even consider any other type of stud finder . toot toot
strong construction . comes in a small pouch that you can take anywhere and secure most doors . quick and easy to install after a little practice .
i bought this for my son-in-law for x-mas . he loves it and uses it all the time on the job .
looking for a cheap lighting setup ? well , besides being very hot , they will do the trick !
ok , this isn't the first time i bought the set . the bits are satisfactory and i will probably but the same set again .
i use them on an outside canoply to hold it down they hold better tha anything i have ever used . its easy to use and holds great .
this is the 4th one i'm buying great quality and its water proof ... fits nice in the side pocket of the car ...
bought these for a long lasting and cheap to operate solution to my outdoor display that doesn't get enough sunlight for a solar light . works great .
i bought some of these for the office and they look very nice and are very functional.clean and professional looking .
thicker gauge wire , but solders very well . i used this on battery connectors and not 1 has came apart yet .
not much to say other than it is a great towel ring for the price ! simple to install , and it looks nice .
love the pipe wrenches they have a very good mechanism . all the pliers are of the highest quality as expected and the caring case is good as well .
terrific buy , use them all the time . would love some deeper ones for long bolts , but these serve most uses .
these were not good for anything i used them on , yet the nonskid ones slide kile a charm magic sliders 39719 nonskid caster cup ... go figure .
very happy with this item , the best of the mr11s that i've tried.works great .
sturdy tool with clear markings that make it easy to use . what more can you ask for - for the price ?
good holder.good price and easy to place on the ladder.very useful and easy carry.paint jobs or roof jobs anything you need work with ladder fine .
it's installed and seems to be working fine . i don't know that much about water heaters so i guess it's performing as promised .
nice high quality tools , i am glad i bought these .. i'm sure they will last for many years .
the cover installs very easily and seems to work great ! i'm not sure there's more to say about this product than it seems sturdy and is very affordable
they worked great , not much more to say . good price on product and shipping .
this article has been very useful and practical accessory building my wood cutting tools . plus it is compatible with accessories from other manufacturers as incra .
it's pretty good , if it had other types i would give it a five star but is a good product .
i love the coverage of this shower head and i loved the options in color . very easy to install and very versitile ! ! !
used this behind a wall-mounted flat screen tv , and it allows the plug to fit properly without undue interference with the back of the television .
i like the light . wish the beam did not have the hot spot center but it's not as bad as some .
this pair of pliers is great ! it has great leverage , and great cutting action . all in all , a great pair of cutters !
no complaints about the product other than it should be included with bitted leathermans , or be priced better . a bit to expensive because the options are limited .
have used the unit only once but it seems as though it has potential.thanks - - - brian
what can i say ? it is a sharpening stone ... it fullfills the purpose .. it was inexpensive ... i placed it my emergency kit .
these earmuffs work great on the shooting range . they muffle the noise great and are comfortable . item arrived on time and as described and expected .
great quality good cutting bits . i use them a lot and they perform great . i haven't tried to drill anything that would stop these .
this picture is not what you get . you get a different looking one . it goes from flood to spotlight by sliding the end .
these bits are ok . they dont last particularly long . typical of new hardware products these days . but for the price , they work .
these have been my least favorite tack cloths ever . flimsy and fall apart and really inefficient . just not a fan .
great air tool lube and great packaging . easy to refill and keep handy for air tool users . proper maintenance is key to long life of air tools
i use this pad with 6 inch bonnets and it works good . i have seperate ones for application and removal .
gotta love a tool that works better the harder ya ' hit it ! now if i could just find some impact people !
nice bits in a convenient and well made case . my only wish is if it was made for impact drivers .
what can i say ? it's a bosch . very good tool and cuts like a breeze ! beets my old ' craftsman ' .
these clamps are well built and have great clamping strenght . perfectly described . i will purchase more of these when i finish my fab table .
not a lot of money for these compared to the dremel-provided ones but you get what you pay for . they dull quickly .
water tastes good . i love the family.the following promotions would like to buy the other stuff . i believe amazon.have a nice day with .
the water proof ends ensures that water does not seep through when the box is closed . it is a bit large but does the job as advertised .
works like a charm . easy to program . cheaper than buying from lowes or home depot . buy with confidence . buy two .
got this light hooked up and it works like a charm bright and bold and makes me feel secure at nights .
just get the hook , this holsterfits my drill fine but when you are on a laddertrying to move around it is too bulky .
biggest problem on boat work is restricted working access . these drills and small right angle drive give a lot of help for a little money .
this is well built and works a described - however , should have more time options than what are available right now
better than the plastic version that i tried in my older faucet . works great ... at a very good price .
the unit produces a nice even light given its solar powered . the motion sensor is adjustable and has a nice range .
they are a light bulb . they fit and work properly , and have lasted long enough for me to say they are at least acceptable in that category .
this is a good tarp and is a good all around size.so many uses , i carry them in my vehicle all the time .
i feel this is one of my best tools . i use it one all my projects . the diamond cutting wheel will cut screws that are tool long .
what's not to love , built well , very strong , and made right here in the usa . excellent pliers no reason why they shouldn't last a lifetime
this is small , easy to install and set up . not much else to say . it's just an inexpensive smoke alarm .
good quality product with keys that open all locks , but they were smaller than the impression given by the picture .
i wanted a shower head that used little water yet provided a nice shower of water and this is exactly what i got .
it is good . it works as expected . i recommend it . i used it to cut some metal balls . its grip is very good .
these gloves are truly amazing they keep your hands warm in the coldest of weather ether working on cars , or shoveling snow you won't be disapointed . excellent product
i have this for my 7.25 " mitre saw to reduce kerf wastage and get smoother cuts than a blade with fewer teeth . it works just fine :-)
seriously , this thing is an ideal melee weapon against the undead ! any other use it provides is just bonus !
item is cheaply made and has a very small area that it lights . the remote is almost worthless . i would not recommend this product
it was not tall enough for my project and so had to return it . would definitely have love this if it had worked for me .
this is a wonderful set of punches , made in the usa . the storage box although no wood anymore is very handy
good build quality and you can take each wrench out indivudually if you need to easily , i really liked this product .
this is my first wiha item and i was very impressed with the quality of the product . not cheap , but you get what you pay for .
it works is bright cheap and small . it is added to my fleet of flashlights ! it's nice to carry if you don't have an edc torch .
we are very pleased with this lamp . it is well made and beautiful . the intensity adjustment on the cord works perfectly .
do not buy this is if you have a rigid shop-vac as the filter is about 1/2 inch too short to create proper seal.waste of money ! !
easy to program and the remote works perfectly from the street . what more is there to say but get one .
i have found that this is a neat and compact set of hex keys . the number of different sizes was also important in selecting this set .
got sick of breathing in drywall while sanding - does a nice job of blocking everything out and i guess i'll be ready for a gas attack too :)
it works as described . my only issue is that i am 6 ' 5 " and this fits a little snug around the neck .
this is a high quality smoke alarm . what i like best is the lithium battery . this will last a long time without needing to change it annually .
this thing is nice . used it to torque caliper bracket bolts , wheel bearing bolts , slide pins , and other automotive bolts .
simple , easy reliable and good price . can't ask for better and if i need again i will definitely get this .
we plugged it in to our outlet and viola , now we have six outlets and it is working well after several years
i have put in a lot of kreg screws in with my diver bits . they last longer then other bit drivers i have used .
decent set of screws for a good value . i use it for more than just pocket holes .
bought this for a friend to compliment his collection of dewalt 18v cordless tools . he loves the light weight , ease of use and great power .
i got these glasses and you can either wear them without your eyeglasses or they will fit over your glasses .
works great and very comfortable . i wear them in the attic to keep from breathing in the fiberglass insulation dust .
genuine irwin clamp . works great and has been used for multiple projects . they are the only clamps i use . great
now i just need to find some good hooks.these have helped me organize my garage to the nth degree.quality is good and i installed them in under 10 minutes .
about the best br30 replacement i have found . still not quite perfect . the color and diffusion is still a little off .
este disco de corte funciona muy bien , el acabado es perfecto y facilita mucho mi trabajo . lo recomiendo especialmente para cortes transversales .
i ordered two tubes when i ordered my food slicer . a little goes a long way , though . save some cash and just order one tube .
kreg is the big name in pocket screw-related products . they have great stuff and these oak plugs are no different . just more good stuff from kreg !
priced very low compared to other stores .. item came fast .. easy set up ... only 1 bad detail ... should of ordered 2
uniques offset tooth design . far superior to old-style blades . easy in-out lock tab on the blade . that about sums it up .
hi ladys & gents , if you are into utility knifes , buy this and you will not be disappointed.take care and be careful .
i have painted a bunch of houses now and these work great . i use them a lot and they hold up well .
bought these to dress up my new stained 6 panel doors . they look great . very easy to install . i am very happy with this product
well it seems to be working , better than the wax rings which seem a bit antiquated to me . bought this along with a toilet over amazon .
this is easy to install , t is quick and easy . it fits on the downspouts and railings . it lights those dark spots that is not wired .
this device was purchased for the sole purpose of cutting back the amount of water used during a shower . it appears to be doing the job .
i do not think it did quiet as good a job as my ridgid random orbit sander
this extends the end of my gerry jug just right , and maintains the auto shut-off function of the nozzle . just get it .
this bit cut smooth and tearout free . i would most definately reccomend this bit to anyone who wants the very best cut possible .
i installed unit turned the switch on maybe 5 times before unit flashed a couple of times then died . did not last even one week .
this product works great . definitely worth the price and super easy to store . takes up no space at all . worth it
surprising performance in a small package even with heavy duty batteries.works better with lithium in cold weather below freezing.adjustable light will shock and awe intruders / vermin .
it's my go to meter 99 % of the time ? quick and simple to use . i like that it shuts itself off when i leave it on
wonderful for chandelier bulbs ... no more cruising the long aisles at big box stores . this is a part of my shop at home plan !
these batteries lasted less than a year as the back-up power in smoke alarms at two different houses.buyer beware !
great griding mask . i prefer auto dimmers for welding so hard to say how good it is for that . woo
these are great and we love the angle . they are easy to grip and are a great price . very happy !
i fell in love with this tool . well done , powerful , highly recommend it .
just what you need to carry around in your pouch as it is small , seems really sharp hopefully it last long i shall update this if other wise
still up , still works , hasn't even drained a battery yet so i can't really complain . works fine , fails to safe , drains to the bildge
fits perfect , installed easily and color was a perfect match . fit and finishwere perfect . comfortable ride for one person .
this filter is the same as the one that came with the unit . since it is a replacement that earns it 5 stars .
good organizer for hobby parts . i like the pull out bins and there is a variety of compartment sizes . heavy duty and is holding up well .
i purchased this to fit as a pre-filter to my whole house filter and it works just great . the carbon filter is thin but dense . would recommend .
i wouldnt say that it gets the blade razor sharp , but it works enough to get the job done . it may be worth the money
did not slip at all out of my dewalt orbital sander . has a homogenous sanding ability without tears to the sandpaper . wonderful .
one doesn't match the other two and the batteries don't last very long compared to the other brands i've tried .
nice heavy duty jigsaw . very powerful and requires a decent size hand to grip it well . tshank jigsaw bits only
just in case you hit a hard spot . so far i haven't needed too much for the first project . works just when you need it the most .
it makes noise when you touch it and i have to be within 25 feet or less directly on to work . it serves its purpose .
fit my ar 15 great ! good brightness , compact and powerful ! looks like i will be able to swap it to other guns as well .
my husband loves it says that is so nice and well made hes very happy with it and want more
put this on an elongated toilet and it works perfectly . not a lot to say - easy install and fit perfectly . it closes so so smoothly !
what can i say great idea and bought two but going to buy more for my kids great to reuse a old bucket
the led's are very bright . the glasses are durable and comfortable - much better quality than i was expecting . i was pleasantly surprised !
this a nifty plier set . i put them in a tool bag with other types of tools to carry in my westfalia camper van .
these dogs seem to help the slipping on my bench however when i apply some pressure to the sander or router the wood moves around .
these fit well , light up and worth every penny . my husband takes them with him so he can read things while we are out .
this is a well built tester that should last for years . it's so good i gave one for a gift to a mechanic .
great flashlight for the car . it is very bright and the magnetic back makes it ideal for working under the car .
cheaply chinese made , save money and buy a good one if you read this . you are getting what you paid for ! this is one of them .
about as cut resistant as any cotton glove would be . don't expect these to protect your hands . they simply won't .
ok starter set fits the needs of a entry level first tool kit . nice storage kit and easy to store .
it is dead on accurate as described ... it's a lot heavier than the one i replaced ... it take some getting use to ... don
nice design , easy to install , and affordable . it hasn't gone off yet and i haven't died , but i assume it works
this doorbell was smaller than it looks online but does the job and the range is more than adequate . would recommend .
candles are surprisingly small and use relatively expensive button batteries . but they are well enough made and the price is great .
works good . just good to have a basic pair of locking pliers in the toolbox . not used all the time , but it comes in handy
this makes a fine nightlight . they have red ones , if the blue is too cold for you .
awesome ! best tig gloves on the market . comfortable , tight fit , can handle some heat too !
i have 3 of these and totally love them ! the batteries last a long time and the drill is pretty powerful as well.definitely recommended for the price !
i use it all over the shop , table saw , planer , hand planes jigs any where you want something to slide . it also protects against rust .
i have ran these grinder for years for log work , and they take alot of abuse and work for a long time .
this light is bright and was easy to install . so far my batteries have been lasting forever , what more can i say ?
... this is about the easiest way for the homeowner or homer enter or homeless to check up on their metering duties ... what a value ...
inexpensive but work well . had 4 on pool control system . no conflicts or problem made pretty good not flimsy good
these drill stops work great , way better than wrapping a piece of tape around the drill bit and a lot more accurate . they are a must have .
installed this with no issues . very simple.it must be working correctly i am still alive to write this review.good rating in consumers .
fairly easy to install and much easier to replace the 9v battery than my old design . my old smokies lasted about 10 yrs before giving out .
loved these , but ended up returning them for the double ones . my bath is not big enough for 2 of these .
solid fittings.excellent quality hose.nice and long to get all over your body , toes , legs , etc.you will like it :)
falpper purchased last april ( 7 months old ) , and the chain pulled through the rubber ring hole on the flapper !
not a great thrower but you can stick it with a little practice . feels pretty well made for the price .
it just works . i like the digital readout , and i think this is important as you can quantify your risk if it registers more than zero .
great little light ! brighter then i even expected and has nice functions . i have two now and will order at least 2 more !
for birch edge bands i'll stay with a utility knife & sanding to get edges with which i'm happy . might work on composites ? ?
lisle is a quality tool . i bought these for a project i had . they worked out great.nice addition to my tool box .
work great for limiting firearm noise , but are almost too large for shouldering some rifles .
great for extra plugs . only holds small 3 prong plugs so if you have a big one this will not work . works fine .
this tool bag is what i was looking for . it has lots of compartments for hand tools and is not to big and bulky .
i verified the trueness of these squares and they were very well made . i would recommend buying these for woodworking or machining .
have had nmany rollers and can't tell much difference once you go with a decent one . this one does squeak which is annoying but rolls smooth with large roller
this is a great hygien product raelly easy to use and clean ! gave as gifts to girlfriends . this is a great ravel adjunct
this gage is simple to use and makes centering a snap . looks like it will save time during set up .
these nut drivers can save you loades an loades of time on jobs and make them a whole lot easyer .
you cannot go wrong with wiha , this company executes their products well . great set for smaller precision items . really like the proturn handles
what can i say ? it's desoldering wick - - it works great for removing the last bit of solder that a solder sucker can't quite remove .
these are a must for impact drivers . you get the whole set in one shot . high quality and long enough to reach tighter places .
nice bright light . throws a good beam of light . the red cover isn't very useful , doesn't fit well.compact unit .
bought this to replace an aging but functional sump pump , and so far it has worked flawlessly with zero issues . heavy duty , and easy to install .
these noise blockers are adjustable and block out loud noises adequately . the earmuffs are an extremely soft padding material and are very comfortable .
good quality , does what i want it to do , made well well and seems to be of good quality materials .
the triple a battery holder is missing . i had to take one from another led flashlight and then switch back and forth between the two .
these are great for general around-the-house use . real wax and fairly realistic flicker . batteries can be changed . i like them .
these go into my bicycle bag for when i ride on the road . nice quality and stay nice and snug in the holder they come with .
this is one tool you will have a hard time finding anywhere . worth the double the price if you need a set .
love diablo blades . high quality , durable and not as pricey as some others.cut very efficiently , and last a good long time with no issues .
great little nailer for the price . has held up well through many projects . highly recommend it as it is very versatile for any number of things .
use these in scopes and flashlights and have always been satisfied . these cr123a batteries are strong and very long lasting .
this wheel will do everything it is suppose to with ease , easy to operate and on your equipment and hands
they are the cutest little solar turtles that light up the cemetery as they were meant to do . i love them !
this is my first wood vise so i'm not really sure what to expect but the price was great and it functions really well .
i have this tool with me every day . i cannot work without it . this has to be one of the greatest tools ever invented .
what can you say it is a hammer holder . it is well made and holds the hammer securely in place
i love this litttle thing . i mounted it on a visor for electronic work and does a fantastic beam of light , orice makes it even better
have these in two separate locations ready to deploy if needed . they seem to be rugged and the price was ok . highly recommend .
the 3 aaa works ok but sucks up batteries you have to buy the proper battery and charger and there are better deals on this kind of setup
i used to purchase nitrile gloves from home depot , but i find these wear better and last much longer before breaking .
great new design . very comfortable fit . twice the protection of my old foam plugs .
i use it for all my wood working projects , it is well made a solid , would recomend , also the price was excellent
it's durably constructed , yet lightweight & easily handled ; this item is sure to please even the most discriminating of buyers !
look first of all , they are inexpensive.bought the hooks for our gym pass , attached to gym bag instead of having gym pass attached to car keys
for those that need a divider to scribe large circles , this grizzly is a must for your shop . a resonable price for a strudy tool .
i think i bought 3 cans of this stuff ? i'm only on my second one and i've probably sprayed enough foam to fill madison square garden !
this cart is awesome and it is easy to put it together the instruction are pretty easy to put it together
i use this to cover a firewood rack i built . it is holding up very well and i expect it to keep performing . good product .
these heavy duty locks are just an example of the high quality master locks make . i would highly recommend them .
this router bit is typical of a freud bit . it is well construted and smooth cutting . how can you go wrong ?
using these in the bathroom , they are excellent ! provides bright good lighting , my wife approves . more than enough light , bright and dispersed well
great item would recommend to anyone for this for the price this set will do the trick on what you need
these fittings are excellent quality and the kit gives me enough of the right kind of fittings for all of my accessories
not much you can say for this type item other than - it works as advertised . its 65 ft of bell wire :)
great product will buy more in futurewill be showing to friendsi will be ordering again as well as friends that will see
worth the money . if you need some clamps , this is a nice set for a reasonable price .
ordered this for my kids for christmas ... got it on time and the kids said it works great and they love it ! ! !
nothing fancy . if you just need something to hold paper towels , and don't want plastic , this will do that . good overall product .
works great , put together an acura engine and needed it for the cam bolts . 15,000 miles and runs great ! comes with a nice case too .
good item , looks ok , looks nice , good colors good item , nice collection , recommend to buy this item , if you need , buy it
these are a decent flashlight combo and have rubberized cases . i bought this to have additional multi-sized flashlights on hand .
these came with a drill i also bought here . they do the job designed for . good price too . good little storage holder too .
feels good in the hand , changing the blade is a snap . the right balance of heft and ease of use .
works perfectly with a timer and day time and nighttime use . set it up and its carefree , a must have for a snake tank .
bought 2 but after a couple months one battery wouldn't accept a charge ... so it is useless , last battery i buy online
works well as most dremel tools do . these are light duty hobby tools for odd jobs but work well when used as intended .
it's a little misleading - - it does use a battery , but the battery is already inside and is not replaceable !
i'm a professional mechanic and use these constantly . have many of their sets and love all of them well made and a great price .
i thought it would be brighter than it is . if you need a hands free walking light then this gadget will do the job . : ~ (
worked great for cutting out a circle on some hard porcelain tile and still has a lot of life left in it .
this makes a great base unit for stack . individual cups are great for organization and i can access parts without removing the units stacked on top .
i wish i could get this deal all the time . i like me some two for one . shipping was fast and the blades hold up well
i like this blade because it makes a smooth clean narrow cut and it is quieter than other saw blades i use .
these miter saw workstation tool mounting brackets allow you to quickly and effortlessly mount and unmount your miter saw from the workstation . very convenient .
basically , it doesn't get much easier to use than this . just plug it in an appropriately located outlet .
really like this sander . the slow start feature really helps and the dust collection bag catches most of the dust created .
works great so far , wont really know until i run it for 2 month then do a power braker fail test to see if charging still works .
this is a great general purpose flashlight . it is very bright and has nice rubber on it so its easy to hold while working .
this handy little kit is great for replacing a lot of bulky tools used for light duty work .
the " 160 piece " count is mostly sanding bands and sandpaper discs . if you need a lot of them , this kit has them .
i cant really put a rate on this the product was brought a gift for a fellow wood worker . the product came in good order
if there is any weakness it is a personal one , or preference request . i wish the temples would bend down behind the ears when you lean forward .
i got it and used it a few times . it's perfect for what it is . good price for something extra in the tool bag .
this little dude fits in perfectly amongst my other cans . looks just like the real thing . i wish i had about 5 more of different cans !
i was surprised how easy this saw was to use and guide on a straight line . the laser was helpful in knowing your on the line .
lots of rivets . will last me for a while . worked like a charm.good price too.arrived in 2 days . nice portable container .
comprehensive set down to very small sizes . great addition to the handymans tool set for a great price .
was better than expected , most of items in package were well machined and all did the jobe they were designed to do .
it is about what i would expect for the price . needed it for the beach to rake the seagrass . should be fine .
i wish these were smaller because they take up all the space over a standard outlet , but other than that they work great .
it works and good price plus the standing funtion is great when you are working on something and need a extra free hand !
these plugs take stain and paint well and mostly fit well . it's a lot better than making my own so try them !
does great for adding machines to my dc system . very flexible and haven't had any trouble with clogs or stuck debris .
kind of chintsy but you get what you pay for . they come in a plastic sleeve and are rather coarse .
this clamp is made to work with kreg jigs perfectly & does the job well . no issues at all .
wire is wire but much more convenient when you have the correct wire this is it
not mch to say about such a simple unit - except that these are well built and install quite easily .
it works just like it is advertized . for placing screws in a tight place this is the right tool to use .
this is great for a small pocket knife , compact design allows even the smallest pocket knives to be easily sharpened .
my wife used this to set up the peg board in her sewing room . she was quite happy with this set .
i bought two for myself , and then added one to an order to add to my daughters birthday present , i also bought a battery and charger set ,
this is just the product for us home woodworkers in that its easy to use and gets the job done without a mess ... thanks
this product is economical and works just as you'd expect it to . i have used it multiple times without any problems .
these are awesome , have a whole bunch of them . easy to change combination and the different colors make it easier to figure out whose lock is whose .
your usual high quality dewalt blades.nice case to have , make it easy to organize and carry all those extra blades . very handy
i use kreg so this is the ticket just like the ones come in pack good replacement
used these over my oval shaped prescription glasses and they work fine . much better than standard safety glasses .
this little light is amazing for its sizeusing only 1 battery it delivers such a bright focused beam , it wonderful
this is not the stool you saw @ your grandmoms house , what a let down ...
bought this to replace my lost collet nut . works good , i like that i don't need a wrench to change bits . received on time
it is good . ilike itlike itlike itlike itlike itlike itilike itlike iti like iti like it
klein 11 in one screwdrivers are the best i've ever used and doing a / c work the schrader valve removal head is an amazing time saver
arrived quickly with prime and had it programmed and on my keychain within five minutes . no problems with anything on it .
renovating one of our bathrooms and our light / fan in shower needed replacing.this light is very well made and works great.easy to install .
i have put this to good use on several projects already and am well pleased with the way it performs
blew a fuse tracking a battery drain . properly fit and just right replacement . great replacement to keep your fluke going .
works as advertised , but too many holes and the numbers are too small . you very seldom need to be within 1/16 th inch when installing drywall .
i purchased these filters for my home a / c - heating unit . these are good quality at a great price . much cheaper than a hardware store .
this accessory works wonderfully with my new tool so that i can cut though about any thing and the carry case keeps it together and shipping was good
this is the best burnisher i have ever boughtthe handle is so conforming to the handbuy one you will really like it
this was a gift and my father likes it just fine . it has been used multiple times and he is happy with it .
good solder for smaller jobs and electronics . i used it to solder together led light strips and couldn't have been happier with it .
works well on the router for all the applications i need it for . would recommend this product to anyone as an add on .
i purchased about 4 caulk guns at home depot and lowes before finding this one . this is the best caulk gun i have ever owned .
there is lots of solder here more than enough.works well with my hobbies . i would recommend this to others who have the same interests .
a wonderful selection of lights a very good value excellant packaged well and delevered promptly on time in good shape
very convenient accessory to new router and template system . we replace a lot of doors requiring hinge mortise work . very easy to change templates when need arises .
good quality blowgun with lots of blow . don't let the " made in china " thing stop you from ordering this blowgun .
this light lasted about a month , and then it turned into a strobe light . it just flashes on and off .
i would recommend this product . it comes in handy . easy to store and easy to use . the worklight is an added bonus
like it . fit good and is easy to install . a lot bigger than i thought is was going to be . not for a small firer extinguisher .
excellent bit . you know as you start your first cut . freud never disappoints . you'll have this bit for years to come .
this is the brightest clearest headlamp i have ever seen . its a bit bulky , but not a big deal . really bright with adjustable lens .
a good serviceable face plate at a good price . face plates are like clamps . it's hard to have too many .
these are the same as the original tip that came with it . price is right ! they fit on my weller soldering iron .
it is not a professional set but for the small price it will get you through those occasional jobs ok .
this item would have rated higher if i hadn't had to buy more fitting to make it work on new style cans
it's flexible but strong and seems quite durable . good buy at this price . i use it to connect a garden fountain and i am quite satisfied .
i love it ! needed a replacement battery charger and this one is better than the original by a long shot !
feels good in hand and works well in tight spaces . my first choice of all the 1/4 drives i use .
does what it suppose to . a tad expensive for what it does but it will last forever . i love quality tools .
if you are going to purchase a bidet , make sure you include this valve in your purchase . your bum will be very happy you did .
installs easily enough , and it is nice to have one key for all of the locks in the house , and the garage .
keeps my screws organized and within reach of my jig . also helps remind me what screw to use when and where .
superior quality . best of its class . sturdy and powerful . not an everyday tool , but works very well when you need it .
these are by far the best bits i've ever used , try them and you will be sold , a real winner ! ! !
nice for axe , some knifes ! like to get the fine one . & will last . great & sharpen most anything
perfect fit for my big feet . - 12 outside and my feet stay warm , walked through a foot of snow and my feet stay dried .
this is a great product . easy to assembly . i can see our pool , flower beds and drive & house entrance now easily .
so far the battery is holding charge . a must for flashlight from china . the price is reasonable for rechageable batteries .
i had my tail lights smoked and wanted to put the clear coat on and it looks great and wouldn't change a thing
great little tooa good thing happened when i went to the store to find a dog that ate only
my wife wanted this and she thinks it works great ... not much else to say since it is just a flashlight ...
smooth cuts . little sanding required . just an outstanding combination blade for your tablesaw .
i store all sorts of small computer parts in these and if you like your parts organized then order several more then you think because they're that good .
drill bits are a good quality . exactly as advertised.the case is a handy way to keep from losing any bits .
only the blue lights turn on . no other colors . yes i tripled checked the connections and they were all correct .
i purchased these for when i change batteries on watches . they work well for that . optical quality is good enough for occasional use .
this isn't a high tech item so all i can say is " easy replacement " , what else could you want . good product ! fits perfectly .
as a hazmat officer for a municipal fire department , i feel comfortable with this kidde monitor in my house . yes .
cant say enough good things about this sander--i love it.bosch tools have never let me down . keep up the good work bosch ! !
these 1/2 " hog rings by lem products are good for crab traps , wire fence in the yard or just to hole two small wire like things together .
nice looking salt lamp . i don't know about any of the medical benefits but it does look great in my guest room on the chest .
seems like half the tools are useless . humidity gauge actually reads relative humidity if you can do the math ... toothpick is cool .
do not last quite as long as the fiene brand , but they don't cost as near as much either . the fit the fiene tool with no problem
this can be cut to size and does the job . i use this as a prefilter for my air filters . i will buy again .
you can never have too many knobs once you have moved to a t-track system ! these knobs are very well priced and are of good quality .
takes standard bits ( none included ) and is sturdily built . i keep it with my power driver for times when i need hand power . worth having .
i little pricy for just a flashlight , but boy is it bright for something so small ( just 2 aa batteries - amazing ! )
fit and finish probably quite as good as the originals , but function just like them.for the price - awesome.no problems with the units whatsoever .
i replaced a bulb in my mini mag light with one of these lights and it works great . i'm ready for the next power outage !
this little tool has so many uses , it can undercut jambs , plunge cut for baseboard outlet cutouts , cut out plaster and much more .
really coool for the price and what it does could be a bit brighter love to see 1 a little brighter
i don't use the drill much but when i needed an angle head it great . i like the the balance of it .
this unit has worked , in the expected manner , the three or four times i've used it . i believe that it could / should be sharper .
had trouble setting up blades . came so that blades did cut wood . took a while to figure out how to adjust properly .
makes a good front door light . very bright with a large motion detector sensing area . would buy again . very not bad quality wise .
this unit was to replace the one in my security system . it was just like oem and is an excellent purchase .
i did purchase this leviton 80401 - w gang decora wall-plate for new outlet needed for my tv . i'm very satisfied with quality of any product from leviton .
for the price i am impressed at how well this device functions . i like it so i bought 70 more of them .
i am actually expecting more from this product based on the description ; however was really disappointed to find out it really did not meet what i need .
this is a very nice jig saw . blads are easy to install and remove . cuts very well . easy to do adjustments .
this bulb is very large and just barely fits a standard lamp . it does produce a lot of light 360deg
i found this tool to be quite easy to adjust though it did not give me the edge still had to do some handwork
not only does this extension bit give you more reach , it also gives u the options of using the standard 1/4 bits sold in any hardware store also .
go to your local hardware store and buy for half price . i bought this exact platform today for 39.99 , on sale from 45.99 .
husband really likes this product for sharpening his knifes and that it's small enough to carry around if he needs to .
i have bought 5 of these lights they are excellent . the beam from the light is quite bright and covers about a 15x15 sq foot area
these are really comfortable saftey glasses i've owned many other pairs and i can wear these around all day if i have to .
it is still in use since.in addition , i would like to purchase the following promotions . i believe amazon.have a nice day with .
man , i was living in the stoneage with my old streamlight stinger . this light is above and beyond brighter . plus no more replacing bulbs
maglites are always good lights for someone who doesnt need professional grade lighting . price is good and it is made locally .
have not used this a lot but works well so far just be aware that it is small unlike the standard torchs you may be used to
perfect size and color for our cabinet upgrade . very good quality at a very good price . really dress up the kitchen .
works great and stays sharp ! i have used it a good bit and no issues . i would buy it again !
great accessory for my bosch table saw . tension ring holds bag to neck of the saw's dust output without difficulty .
great addition to the 18v line . i have used this several times with great results . makes me money every time i use it .
the bag is very well made . the zipper seems be of good quality . i look forward to many years of use .
i like the table saw a lot . i added the extensions for the left / back , which i think are needed for most use .
this is my 2nd one of these saws . the first one lasted 10 plus years . a work horse for sure
easy to install , works like a charm , adjustable , performs in every respect as expected . recommended to anyone who wants more light .
its a combination lock that works just as described . its simple , easy , effective , looks cool & no issues so far
these are nice to use , and sturdy . it would have been nice if there were cutters in the needle-nose though , and the case isn't great .
its better at driving screws in hardwoods ( birdseye-maple ) and plywoods then my 14.4 v dewalt and 14.4 v nimi makita drills
i use this to line tool bench drawers . they slide sooooooo easily with this tape . i highly recommend it .
this is a great product does not look cheesy and the price was perfect . it is in my dining room to hold mats and misc stuff .
works as described , would be nice if he display was backlit . gives you a lot of information , maybe too much .
no hassles setting up the stand , it was very straight forward . the saw mounted on the stand fine and i'm very pleased with the height .
lots of drawers and sizes ! perfect for the little things to organize in the workshop or craft center ! may have to get another one !
we have been using this bulb on a dimmer without any challenges for about two months . great light output for the size .
works good lasts long time i would recommend it to anyone who needs a 12 inch scale to do their job .
i have tried a few other ones that are not nearly as high of quality as this one is . very easy to set up and install
these are great . heavy duty and do the job . have used them off and on for the past year and they have held up good .
a great vise for sharpening small hard to hold pieces like profiling bits . the accessory jaws are a great to have but are expensive .
always get great quality with bosch tools . customer service is great if you have a question or need . this jigsaw is powerful , controllable and clean cutting .
the product exceeded my expectations , at a price lower than many competitors . it was shipped on time .
cheaper than the local stores and no wasted trips because they don't have any on the shelves . two pack is the way to go .
love the full set of tools and the pouch to carry them in . it reminds me to put them all back . great quality and gripping power .
i bought about 8 of these for my new house and had them professionally installed . they work just as they should . i am highly pleased .
great little shop light . not an amazing amount of light , but the magnets and small size work great . battery life is pretty good too !
i have a handyman business and this tool is great . i no longer have to carry an air compressor and air hoses .
had to revert back to an old plunger . this one just kind of flopped around .
they perform as advertised for dust , pollen , etc . the vent makes it much easier to breathe plus prevents fogging up my goggles on cold days .
better than expected . gettin ' old i suppose , but this really helps when doing small repairs in the middle of a project or yard work .
well everyday i used to come home to the 2 post lights still being on ! no more , just set them , and forget it !
they are bright to begin with but get dim fast and use batteries faster then suggested . i wish they used aaa instead of the little flat batteries .
very neccessary item for those little job with the drill motor around the house and for those little jobs outside too
absolutely necessary for removal of frozen fasteners , especially phillips head screws . i had one for years and it got borrowed .
so great to have al the keys where i can find them - nomore pawing through a box to find the one i need .
these work very well with my electronic earmuffs . no issues with fogging . a quick wipe on the shirt and they're clean and clear .
this is outstanding quality . great grip . it's comfortable ! bought this as a gift for my partner and he is very pleased .
excellent battery and recommend over the cheaper off brand units . the charge last longer than the ni cads . great battery
these work good but they are not made in the usa . i wish amazon had a " made in the usa filter " .
this extension bar set makes it easier to access those difficult nuts and bolts that seem too far to reach
seems to be good quality , it has springs in it which some people like . it works great on my motorcycle .
very good punch set . the punches are held in a foldable plastic organizer . purchase a separate stand if you need it .
for $ 10 dollars i was skeptical and not sure of the lens color . they are stylish and i do like the color . will buy another pair
this pegboard is very strong and nice looking tools holder , i use it for home garage.you should buy it with hooks
this set was just what i needed for a all in one box bit set . good price for a lot of bits .
gilmour is the industry standard in hose couplings . these are brand x and are off by about a millimeter so they aren't compatible .
about the right price , size and performance for it's intended purpose . why pay more , this one does the job well .
nice add-on for the wave or skeletool . get the bit drivers for added versatility . great for bug out bags or car dash back up !
this works , but it eats batteries and it is not that bright . these days various led versions have become available . check those out first .
i don't know lumens from you mens but i know that i could put a beam on a wall from 30 feet away that was visible in daylight .
these magnets are not very strong . they are ok and work for small pieces , but not really for anything substantial .
they are not great punches but the price is acceptable . they are about the same quality and price as you find at harbor freight .
bought these because i'm the go to guy amongst my friends when a gun breaks or jams . these definitely come in handy but do feel a little cheap
these tarps are really heavy and should last a long time . they do weigh a lot , so keep that in mind .
my old 14v cordless drill had no umph , and my corded ryobi wasn't much better . with 8 amp's this drill has handled any job i've tackled .
bought to replace the smaller ones you get with the 12 volt tools . my collection of 12v had grown and this now holds them all .
good enough for the price . i bought this for sat . cable routing in my house and it worked fine for this application .
i had an older model that was 1/2 the size and had hoped this was as small . otherwise a good deal and it works .
but these things are so sturdy i've found my self using them for anything that i don't wanna touch with my bare hands . would recommend .
good price point for this fill valve . works as expected with kohler quality .
awesome , goes perfect with my new drill fits great , looks great , best deal compared to other store prices . highly recommend .
the product was exactly as advertised and fit my sander just like brand name item but at a much less price .
i like having flashlights all over th eplace as you never know when they will be needed . these are bright and reasonably priced
bought these to do a hard drive upgrade on my macbook . perfect . good construction .
does what it's supposed to , simple as that . cheap and durable , great deal . mix and match it with my hand tool or my driver .
this is a great set . everthing you would need for your home when it comes to plumbing . and the price is right .
works well . it splits the outlets effectively . easy to plug things in and out . i'm not sure what else to say about it .
i recently remodeled my house and these came in extremely useful for boring through studs for electrical and plumbing ... as well as prepping doors for hardware .
too narrow . wouldn't cover width of opening created for receptacle . was to be used with a usb receptacle which is somewhat wider than standard .
works great with my porter cable 690 . use for fluting , or whatever you need a edge guide for . recommend to anyone .
we've been using ours for a couple of years , now . it works perfectly . there isn't really much more i can say about it .
while it gives good light , it doesn't seem to be as high a lumen output as advertised . it is compact and fits well in the pocket however .
bought this horse for my dewalt miter saw works great , like the extensions on the end for supporting long pieces of wood , worth the investment .
i have to use wood blocks to raise my 26 in , wheel bike.aside from that , it does the job.it seem to be built fairly sturdy .
i have this bettery pack for more than one years , it is still work like champ , definitely recommand to anybody who reeds a replacement bettery pack .
nice heavy duty set of screw drivers . good quality tips and comfortable handles . good quality tools for a good price .
i use this dangle just about everything in my garage . i wouldnt use it on anything heavier than 15 lbs though .
they look great but one already broke where the two parts are connected . i like the length for some jobs .
installed 2 of these with a the 2412n unit and works great ! buying more as we speak ... i would buy these over x10 switches .
the price was right and the bulbs occasionally seem scarce nowadays . i was glad to get them , and assume they'll work ok when and as necessary .
these gloves are good . i have pretty small hands and there even tight on my finger tips . i couldn't imagine someone with bigger hands .
very sturdy , and great quality , bought several sizes of these for various projects . definitely would buy again for home shop use .
i keep my dremel permanently mounted in this and use it to make holes for my scroll saw blades . a very nice stand for a very reasonable price .
this is a very powerful and small flashlight that uses regular batteries . easy to carry and bright enough to light up a whole room
sometimes you wished all your organizers would have interchangeable drawers . plano makes them so they fit even their older products .
nice , handy klein quality tool . very versatile and easy to carry in your pocket for quick repairs when you don't want to carry a full size '
super duper sticky ! oh it's so sticky ! so much stickier than regular duct tape ! sticks and sticks some more ! this tape really sticks !
i would strongly recommend this blade for its long life and cutting ability . this blade can even be used on the table saw to make clean cuts .
bought more and got friends to buy some , this thing is super bright , every one should buy two or five of these
can't go wrong for the price , though doesn't work with my existing x - 10 home automation network . i suspected that when buying it though .
i have used makita saws ever since they came to america in the early 80 ' s.this is the best yet .
purchased this item to remove a boat name , use on heat shrink and to expand sanitary marine hoses.no complaints so far .
you could use this as an exercize dumbell for what it weights . they should have made this out of titanium . big and awkward to use .
very nice anf usefull device . it lights quite large area . the function of changing intensity as you get closer is very good to save the battery energy
this flusher works exactly as described . installation instructions could be better but still wasn't a great challenge . i am 100 % satisfied and would recommend to anyone .
waist of money the handle doesn't bent all the way down as it shows in the photo so it's hard to get in tight places .
the edge is very sharp , also the alimunium frame is soft , do not drop it down to concret ground , will get chips .
i've used these a good bit already and they work as well as my other ( more expensive ) sets . no complaints here .
another stanley product which is american made and guaranteed . is very handy so can be used in auto or home
very high quality product , made in usa . i will order more in the future . assembly only takes a few mins .
thus battery is used all over . from house alarms to air compressors ... its amazing to find out how many places its used .
used these in a closer that had no light and in the basement stairwell where our cats love to hang out in the dark and are a tripping hazard .
we used these for our dining table , chairs , etc . they were easy to install and none of them have fallen off yet !
i am very impressed with this little guy . it is great for small wood jobs like plywood or two by fours .
i like the alligator clamp helper . it is a extra hand . i do recommend for the small items we work with everyday . jewelry it is great .
once you get the right combination of blades , shims and spacer this is a must have for cutting dado grooves works excellent no problems . highly recommend .
exact same part as the original , can be installed by any 10 year old it's that simple . great price and shipping speed was ok .
i bought this , loved it , then lost it . i immediately bought another . it is sturdy , easy to quickly operate , and invaluable .
they are cheap and work great . idk what else you can say about chisels . the hardness seems good and they dress up nice .
these are great for trimming laminate and stay sharp , could not think of doing counter tops with out them , and there easy to use
works well . no problems . it hasn't jammed or malfunctioned yet , so i am happy . i can recommend this product . thanks
not the greatest for cutting cardboard . thought it would be as effective as a box cutter - not even close .
the heat turns on , and then it turns off , and then turns back on at set times . it works great and i'm happy with it .
if you want to put a screaming edge on your knife these are a great addition to add to your sharpmaker
not much to say about the socket adaptor except its a very sturdy item and works well with my dewalt hammer and impact drills .
love the ladder , not the price . $ 60 less at my local home center.should of would of could of's don't count .
a necessity for anyone using the kreg jigs ... think about having 2 or three . it makes the job that much easier .
believe me you can use them very rarely . hard to use and not really flexible one . just a waste of money
really sturdy and sharp . made chipping out the nearly 400 square feet of thinset from the plywood much easier and faster .
it's stanley , how you can wrong ? nice little pocket tool , very handy for those times when you have annoying little screws to mess with .
used these to remove some stuck manifold bolts today , adn they did just fine . should be ok for lighter duty home garage type work .
seems to operate fine . no notable signal loss by using this switch . rca has proven to deliver quality products so we were comfortable to purchase this .
works well on my 20 year old liftmaster . the garage door has never functioned better .
i have this item already in place . it is of course doing its job . however , it is not as solid as i want it to be .
no problem , just a replacement for the one i lost , fit with no problems and works just great , would repurchase
the brightness of this light is less than the techlite lumen master . that means it is less than 200 lumens . too bad i bought this .
i wanted white light under the cabinets over the sink . i got a kaleidoscope of unnecessary colors controlled by a very touchy remote .
poorly made . did not work more that 9 days . electronics failed and smoked . bulbs are useless as they do not fit any other unit .
these holders are supposed to stand up to impact wrenches . time will tell if they are strong enough to do that .
bought two of these to separate my garage into two sections . eleven foot ceilings and twenty-eight foot depth made these work perfectly for the space .
this works great and is bright . i've put mine through some abuse and haven't had any problems with it besides the finish wearing off , but that's expected .
get out your umbrellas and sandles because after you use this baby you'll have a pile of sawdust to set your beach chair on .
better than advertized mallet - does not damage tools . might consider also purchasing the 12 ounce version for more delicate work .
put in my first aid kit . used to wake unconscious patients . it shipped fine , no breakage . it is what it is .
very stylish and functional . installed easily and no leaks . appears to be made entirely of plastic but doesn't look it .
i really like these . makes running cable a dream with a clean finished job . easy to install .
good product , will help deter water from getting into electrical boxes during the winter months . i would recomment this product .
cuts very well . they are comfortable in my hand . they are made here in the usa . what more can you ask for ?
solid construction , durable , flawless function . simplifies producing pocket holes in situations where the jig must be brought to the work .
set up my fittings with all the air tools and air guns so its all the same much better now
a very nice pair of metal shears . superior quality.it cuts straight and flawlessly . i would certainly purchase it again .
powerful enough to see the fibers in paper and the weave of fabric . the attached light is is very strong .
these batteries have held up well in maglite flashlights that see occasional heavy use as well as other applications in camping equipment .
i got this for my tenants . per him , it is easy to install . and the escape light is very nice for stairwell area .
the product appears to be top quality . i like the glowing plug in that tells you when power is connected .
purchased these to work with my dremel set . prompt shipping and appear to be just fine for the price . recommend them for purchase , it needed .
round black and work on nuts and bolts .. just what i was looking for not disappointed at all with the quality .
good product . plastic supports concern me , but works great so far and definitely a value based on other options i investigated .
put these on my bench belt sander about a week back , and worked great . good abrasive , and easy to apply .
this bracelet is pretty cool . i have a very small wrist for a guy and it doesn't look good on me since it is so big .
has a long life . it is a good investment to make . no need to keep a lot of spares on hand .
nice sharpener for the money . it sharpens the the serrated areas of the knife like a champ . buy with confidence .
very comfortable to wear all day long while handling firearms and being in the woods and having to move around and deal with sharp bark or branches .
a well-thought out cord wrapper that i expect to last the rest of my life . convenient , quick , and holds a very long length of cord .
i got 4 of them and 2 work nice and under water they are so clear , but 2 of them came with the led broken ...
good quality , heavy duty tarp to cover firewood and hopefully it'll last a few seasons up here in the pacific northwest .
the mirka 5 " sanding disks are a great value . i've been using them in my shop now for over a year and they never disappoint me .
does exactly what it says - has powerful magnets in the back to locate the nails in the studs . it's so small but it does the job great !
this is a great middle of the road flashlight . bright enough , but not too bright . buy a few , keep them in your vehicles .
replacing a bosch which was a bit bulky and this makita is powerfull and versatile , lots of power and the padle switch is great
installed over an inside garage entry door so that there is light upon entry at night . works great .
have used these on several jonery jobs , and they work perfect . porter cable stuff is the greatest . they hold the joint nice and sturdy .
must-have for making repairs on my volvo . great set of torx bit sockets .
gives off plenty of light and is whisper quiet while completely sucking out the steam from my shower . straight forward installation .
so far no issues with the product . other led lights flicker when dimmed , these do not . consistent color temperature with all the lights supplied
i was surprised how much torque this little guy has . remember to use a torque wrench putting stuff together , this little guy will over torque .
currently doing duty in the possession of a pro hockey player from nd who is playing for a russian team .
this tip cleaner works ok.it does what it's suppose to do , but i hope its a little bit deeper .
does as it was bought to do . keeps charge and replaces old one that would not charge end end end
first rate tool . i've used it a couple hundred times . bullet proof . performs exactly as promised . wish i'd had this 40 years ago .
small & ready to go when you loss power . i liked it that much & bought another.they do not take up a lot of room .
easy to handle because of the shape . it allows a decent grip . color makes it easy to locate and it appears it is well made .
sucks up the solder just like it is supposed too . great idea . perfect size . every soldering bench should have one .
what can you say about a transformer ? factory units lasted 6 years , this one seems to be better built , but we will see if it lasts .
seems to work fine . has all the ranges that most meters have . works just as well as my fluke . why spend more .
even though the iron instructions say not to use abrasive products , this works great and i find no problems with the tips after cleaning .
i had to rewind it when i received it to get it working right , but it is well made and works smoothly .
for anyone who has had water damage , this is a must . everyone with a tanked water heater should put one in the drain pan for safety .
i put the battery in it and did the test and it seems to work great .
turns my single outlet into 3 grounded outlets . haven't had any blocking problems where i couldn't attach three cords . i recommend .
good for rough work and basic fast layout . i have not yet begun to tap into all of its abilities .
like the convenience of it being on my faucet than in a jug . so far runs great but would have rather gotten the black and chrome one .
great ladder . supports enough weight isnt that heavy to carry and extends easy stows almost anywhere in my rv i couldn't imagine carrying a big bulky ladder anymore
a nice set to have handy around the house . they are a decent set of pliers that can stand up to tough work.pros - quality set-handle covers-grippycons-none
this item shows " on " utilizing a red led to indicate that the circuit is closed . when open ( off ) there is not light displayed .
the zipwall system will pay for it's self on your first project . great for dust containment . i will order more if i need them .
stinks of refurb . i'd buy one straight from makita distributor . not sure where this crap comes from but i went thru two in no time
this is a nice motion sensing light for a night light . it comes on and stays on for about 1 minute .
the shade was easy to cut and easy to install . does not block a lot of light , but better than any other non-permanent alternative .
this works as advertised , i wish i bought this a long time ago . good solid punching action , but easy to use .
very helpful in jobs around house . finds studs for hanging curtains and level makes sure they are straight and even
great procm i keep my important documents into the fireproof bag and than put itinside my safe and actuallly now have pice of mind regarding that !
this tekton 7521 helping hand with magnifier is not junk . it is very well made with heavy material and easy to use .
i purchased a box of these for my basement remodel to match the ones in the rest of my house . easy to install and hook up .
works great on medium size wires , but it doesn't do good in smaller wires . i ended up giving it away
this seemed ok when i first got it . but it stopped working after 3 days . returned it for refund . would not buy again .
this thing is pretty cool . try to catch it on sale to make it more worth your while , though . great stocking stuffer .
this is a good set to keep around when you need ot do some routine maintenance without having to worry about breaking those big brand tools .
necessary for the driver extension . steel is good-not great . wide assortment of bits makes the driver very versatile and compact .
for this price you should probably just pickup 10 of these , you will use them all the time . great buy
good system batteries are great but i paid $ 100 more than the deal at sears for black friday but i would buy again in a heartbeat
awesome welder .. but i already knew that since this one was to replace an old tired one .. recommeded
they arrived in time and in good form . i would like to find a guard for the more modern flat switches as well .
had some smaller ones that didn't work as well , this is a much better size and is more versatile . no problems , worked great for me .
received both boxes , they look nice . used some fuses , no issues . saved lots of money buying these locally.do recommend them to all.good buy .
came in as expected , was the exact same product lowes sells and was equal in quality . the prices was less here then at lowes here in california .
these wonderful , well made cutters are such a good buy . any precise cutting needs are covered by these , and the handles are extremely comfortable .
this is the easiest and best anchor for a mail bow i have ever used . very easy to pound into the ground , and yields a stedy post .
this is the best pocket light i have found . for the lumens and price you cannot beat it . good buy !
good multi-tool , some parts of it are never used but the parts that i use are used often
i have usered this driver much more thani thought i would and it has to present been better than i expected .
my guys have complained about almost every battery i have ever purchased for them . no complaints on these yet . that should speak by itself .
what can you say . it works , it is cheap and simple . it has no battery backup , but we knew that when we ordered .
tekton makes some great products at great prices . and , they stand behind there products . you can't go wrong . good job tekton .
okay , a mail is a nail how much more can i say about a nail , it does the job every-time .
these clips come in handy when working in various spots and requires different bits for different places ! ! thanks you rock ! !
i used this on the inside of the trunk of my and car and it performed as advertised - one coat did the trick
warning : contains lead . i think that's what makes it work so well.just wash hands and work area after use .
this would be much better if there were multiple bulbs in the unit for more light . not bright enough , installation was easy .
i use this exclusively for a vamo , and it fits like a glove , had no trouble attraching it to my belt and removing it either .
see my comments on the log jaws . while heavy , this is a very handy to have for jobs around the ranch .
work . priced fair . at the end of the day , higher quality bit sets are justifiable . i just have not found the perfect ones .
just as described . used to help remove frame from a car . very strong ! would recommend and buy again . a + tool .
simple install , easy programming , great look , great lighting , i love it and bought a second so i cover all my doors .
the centering cone fits both collets , very easy to adjust and rigid enough for a precise alignment of the plate
so far so good . let's see how this will work for several hours of use . right now i cannot say more about it .
what can i say ? it's teflon tape and it works . it's kind of hard to screw up teflon tape though . great price , so five stars .
good buy what more can one say about a hand held shower it does the job so why do i have to write a book ?
i needed to get this for my pc router . i like wood working and pc come through all the time .
bought this for outdoor xmas lights . keeps good time and works great . price was nice . very happy with this item . thanks
not the hardest steel but for the money they're great . i'm using for keys and they seem to be holding up pretty well .
these are great brads . arrived in a sturdy container and performed as expected . i will buy again from this vendor .
it was as easy as pie , replaced in 15 minutes working like a champ . i tripped beaker and tested it.works greatgood price .
exactly what i expected . good tool , solid and robust construction . works as it is advertised . convenient storage case . indispensable in the workshop
did what i expected it to and had no issues what so ever . nice little bit and didn't come stripped as some people said they had issues with .
i use this on my workbench . it is heavy and there is good for clamping all sorts of wood . the adjustment comes in hand for quick action .
this was ordered to complete a set i bought my husband for christmas . dewalt is high quality tools and can't be beat .
flimsy , fragile and of low quality . the clamps are a joke and i returned it and cannot recommend this item .
this sanding disc made well fit for makita sander , it hold tight and wont come off when sanding , great product !
this works , and it fits sylvania among others . perhaps it would be better if amazon didn't require so many words when describing something as mundane as this .
reliable charge every time . allows you to accomplish more yard work while one battery is in use and another is charging . highly recommend .
if you buy either the 2 or 3 beam laser this comes with it . i didn't realize that until later .
i replaced the bulb in my refrigerator with this one when it burned out . this one fit , is bright , and does the job quite well .
i find this product to be a great value for the money and would not hesitate to recommend it to others .
good quality hammer , not too small , not too big . i'm sure it will last forever . not sure what else to say about a hammer .
got this adhesive for the garage floor rubber door seal and it works well . one tube is enough for a 2 door wide garage too .
as contractors and handyman types know more and more square drive screws are being used - this bit solves the conversion problem .
great wrench . precise measurements . very pleased with the purchase . excellent quality . i would recommend to a friend . excellent case that protects wrench .
well made double sided hammer to use when a part needs just a bit more than a nudge . looks to be one that will outlast me .
i like the quality and durability of the product . i will buy some more of this type and model . i will strongly recommend it to a friend .
much easier to make adjustments to notches in my h-posts . i can see how this tool will come in handy with several other jobs around the ranch .
works as advertised . i use it whenever i ride my bike to a public place .
i hate it because it's a piece of crap . i hate pieces of crap and you can take that to the bank . it's a cheap knock off .
well built , shines bright , comfy on head , my old one was really bulky and did not work well , good purchase .
great little storage cabinet for the garage , capable of holding quite a bit of stuff . free standing , or can mount to wall .
somewhat lightweight as others have previously pointed out , but easy to put on , and will do the job just fine .
never had much luck with other extractors , these work great . not perfect and not for everything ; but they work the best of anything i've ever had .
great monitor . i set it up in the bedroom so i can be sure that the garage door is closed for the night .
same with any other hitachi tool i've used , it worked as expected and seems sturdy although i only shot about 40 pins through it so far
well worth the price - has the feel of a more substantial vise , the tie downs for the swivel base look flimsy but they never budge .
if you work in a shop then these are a necessary part of shop work . many uses and irwin quality .
these goggles are comfortable but still fog when working hard especially in colder temps . i don't know if i would buy these again or look for another brand .
works as described . could use some alternatives to it's hang-on-a-nail mounting design though - maybe a magnet or a velcro strip - to make it more user friendly .
perfect for a small nightlight type of glow . i can imagine that several of them might be very pretty , for example outdoors along a walkway , etc .
this is a factory replacement . comes in a bosch bag . not much can be said except that it is exactly like the original it replaced .
don't expect a night sun but it works . about the same brightness as those cheap 3xaaa flashlights . not what i expected .
fine product , but just know that they're not white ( if you're trying to match a white door , etc . ) . good otherwise .
it's perfect , i had a coupler that was leaking - this was a great replacement . release is very smooth and easy .
this is a great compressor . very quiet an fills quickly . it is not really portable , but i dont move it that much .
poor pressed contacts , plug constantly falls . cover fell off , continuous problems with this adapter . i do not advise buying this product .
this is just as i expected ... and i did not have to make a trip to the hardware store . very happy
i don't usually use nail sets , but when i do ... really not much to say . this is a good price on the set .
i bought this rubber hose along with a compressor for light duty around my home . excellent quality hose . very pleased .
i like the price , but they do tend to burn out quickly . however , at this price , it pays to just replace them more often !
this tap is an exact replacement for a broken 626-32 tap used in the klein six in one tapping tool .
only have used it a few times for small projects but incredibly useful tool . now the only question , what is the longevity .
easy to install and use for my needs . nor as strong as i thought yet works as listed so no complaints .
i have owned the t18 stapler for over 30 years . i was only able to buy these staples on amzon , thanks !
i installed it easily . works as specified . important to put fan on the highest speed with the chain controls . recommend it .
nothing special , but this product meet my needs . the cardboard construction seems a bit cheap . so far no problems and hopefully none in the future .
great little light--small enough you'll always carry it , bright enough to be truly useful when you need it . doesn't eat batteries .
saw works great , but the infra red lines are hard to see and after a few days using it , they dissapeared .
i love this item . i like very much . good quality , good conditions , used like new . very good item . love it ! ! !
i wish the pins worked a little better and it was tougher plastic but it's a good little miter box.it ' s got 4567.590604530
brightest little hand held i've ever seen . will make a great tactical light . solid construction , seems very durable and well built .
great product , can ` t wait to use this at my friends house cause i got this for they place . love it .
added to existing genie product . only programming challenge is pushing the button on the motor unit to sync with the keypad .
works very well , better than the ones i was using , able to breath better and fit is a very good one
it comes very handy and usefull when you wanna cut long staff like modlding or pretty much anything else.very steady product
i have been using this product for years and never had a failure . i have installed more than 20 of these and will continue to buy them .
i am sold.the impact driver and its driver bits work well and makes many jobs easier.nicely designed , easy to use , durable .
i bought these to carry in my range bag , they are nearly indispensable for minor work and adjustments when at the rifle range .
work great - i have used these to cut thick plastic , metal and wood and they worked just fine . good buy for the money .
excellent filter . extremely easy to install . the ease of installing this and using it has made drinking tap water not take a second though !
i bought one of these as well as the white version . really beautiful and is a perfect desk lamp near the computer
the seat works well and installs as described . the price is a bit high and should really be lower for this type of product .
it was a little more involved to put together than some of the all metal ones , but works great and is well worth it in the end .
i work on a / c units and this bag is a must have . saves a lot of trips to the truck .
i already have two of these torch heads they work extremely well and would recommend these to would be byers !
product was as advertised ... powers my low voltage lights as expected . timer function seems to be quality made !
i read a review someone posted that this would fit ridgid vacs too , it does not fit . its about two inches shy .
sturdy enough and easy to fix . what more can i say that hasn't already been said ? well worth the money .
awesome to light the passage way or stairs that are dark in the nightgreat light to see the dark places where you have to go somtimes
works well . very happy with it . does what i need doing . more detail instructions would have got me to purchase and use it sooner .
have only used a couple of these knobs so far but they are doing fine . i would by them againi do recommend these knobs .
never a problem ; fast recharge , guide light , soft grip , roomy carrying case , extra battery came with it ... i highly recommend it !
looks nice but it allows a little dribble of water to flow through , have not tried to return it yet .
welds nice . no issues with sticking metal together.would buy again when needed . it compares favorably to the lincoln wire i've used .
looks great in our new master bath , easy to install ! goes well with the new towel bar and the peerless faucet .
i use this set with a juice xe6 and the bit driver extension , and it expanded its capabilities exponentially , the most useful are the hex bits .
bits dont last long ... but lack of quality is made up by sheer number of bits in this set . bits did not even come sharp
my step stool was just too short and a six foot step ladder was too tall this ladder in between and a perfect size for my purposes .
it's a router , what does one say about a product like this . i wanted one and i now have it
perfect fit for my hampton bay fan . i used a larger fluorescent bulb than the one supplied to get more light but otherwise perfect .
after the rougher grit stones this one is a very good finishing stone ... u can really see the almost mirror like cutting edge .
finally arrived , works great , so i'm happy . what else to say it a battery tester checker and it checks batteries
very nice product , only a few passes on both sides and you'll have a very sharp knife , chisel or plane blade . super happy ! ! !
if you ever hangs doors this is a great level . take care of it and it will last your lifetime and beyond .
battery sems to hold a charge well . charges fast . bought this to complement the drill which came with only one battery . so far so good .
this another trippy piece of art with beauty plus health benefits & i keep buying all of their variety of purifiers
does not do a good job , too many variables in trying to sharpen bits ; some look good but don't drill through anything but paper .
works as advertised . fit for the culligan ish - 200 is excellent and you can feel the difference . i would purchase again .
excellent quality . tri-side bit shanks prevent bit slip . should be long-lasting . nice pilot tips . what's not to like ?
these things are cheap , but they work great for simple projects . not super worried about them . great for the price
it looks pretty solid . the size is bigger than that what i thought but it doesn't matter much . there is no centimetre marking on this tape .
this is a great 12/3 extension cord . the little light is a nice bonus - but i wouldn't want to pay extra money just for that feature .
anything from dewalt is first rate , first class tools and accessories . reasonably priced.have used craftsman for years and now dewalt is my first choice .
the wording on the package indicated that this devise would not work on the older hunter fan that i have . the remote was returned unopened .
this works great for my needs . it does what it's supposed to do . it was needed for a project and worked well for it .
it has a hole in the bottom which can let trapped bits fall out . otherwise it does an excellent job of cleaning your tip without water .
excellent light , very low electric draw , they can be left on 24 / 7 and you will never see a change in your electric bill
this is a simple great tool . not too much info on making adjustments but how it came it was set up correctly for what i needed .
order a size larger than you would normally wear if you want to wear it over a shirt or jacket . very inexpensive with full visibility for bike riding .
a very versatile product , a must for any toolbox or workbench . i have had it a year now and should order another one or two .
because it's meant to large variety of sanders they don't fit perfectly . othervise good sandpaper .
this is a very fast and aggressive cutting little saw . it's good for rough cutting lumber quickly or cutting down tree branches .
if you are an electronics hobbyist like me , this is a must have . i like the vacumn base and the non-mar vise teeth . smooth operating
alligator clips are always good to have on hand for quick jumpering of electronics projects . i use them more then i thought i would .
amazon was the only place i could find the r1 biscuits . product was shipped quickly and was exactly what i needed . would recommend to everyone .
very good saw , handy for quick jobs . run time per battery is not very long
i was amazed when i opened the carton and found this little detector . smaller than i'm used to seeing but definitely makes a big noise .
so far has passed the test on all jobs i have had to deal with inexpensiveand highly recommend for anyone's consideration .
i'm so happy with this machine , so simple to use , affordable , and it handle a wide variety of differents finishes.money good expended
look good , feel good , what can you say , tey are biscuits ! they are in a nice container to keep moisture out !
this is a great shower head for the price . it installed easily , and works just as good at the expensive one i got at home depot .
don't forget this is a combo . you need the liftmaster 888lm to get this to work on any garage door .
check back later once my house is in a fire and my documents are either safe or burnt to a crisp
i tried to use this on a pecan cracker to slow it down it did not work like i would have liked .
this is the best dimmer switch out there and i have owned many . does not burn out if the bulb fails , as most other dimmers do .
these gloves are well made and they are pretty comfortable . i really like them . however i do no recommend them for some heavy work .
my shower curtain has not fallen down . they aren't stylish but i don't really care about that . i give them my recommendation .
it works . i screwed it in my lamp and it fits good . it is good extension for bulbs . it has very sturdy contraction .
this was so easy to install , comes with a template to hang , looks great , and i love that it holds two towels .
the heads are for genesis ' own tool and too large for most oscillating tools . this should be clear in the listing .
for working on wood this little clamp is good . rockler handles only quality products . i purchased four of these . mite have to buy a couple more .
on the internet it is cheaper than toto show room or plumbing supply ware house . exactly same material and cheaper .
both the function and the look of this set deserve 5 stars . installation was easy and it gives our new entry doors a classy and updated look .
got it as a gift for my father , i haven't heard any complaints yet so i guess its working fine .
they perform their function . nothing about them would give them 5 stars . what more can you say about a decent biscuit ?
if you need an extra long philips screw driver , then this is the one to get . good price and did the job .
when you need a small punch - this is the best one i have ever used . i got multiple sizes and they are all top notch .
i bought a second charger for my makita li-ion system to have one in the shop and one in the garage . it works great .
this is a great simple switch . the construction and finish are good with the rocker switch and slider solid in their movements .
i like this tool . easy to use and not huge like others . i use in a low speed high torque driver and have no problems .
work good for most things cant really torque then a lot or the end snaps off.but for most things they work fine
with its lithium ion battery , it is much more powerful and holds a charge much longer than my 5 year old b & d ni-cad powered screwwdriver
i use this as my primary gym lock . easy to open with one hand and very sturdy . numbers are also not viewable from far away .
bought this set for friend . i had one and dollar for dollar you cant beat it . plenty of sizes and great for thin material
these flashlights are great . they are very well made and exactly what i was looking for . i received them in just a couple of days .
have been great for the woodshop . good option for when i don't feel like putting on the respirator . plan to buy again when i run out .
it's a great design for a pocket door . it was easy to install . it's flush with the door , operates easy and looks great .
price okay but could find cheaper at box store . have used and seem to do job well . would reorder from vendor .
good investment for your soldering needs , have no issues here , heat well , melt the solder well , just a good product
this is a great low voltage bracket . solid plastic . doesn't crack or break like other random brands i have used . highly recommended !
its a saw blade ! lol cuts smooth enough you dont have to sand unless looking for absolute baby butt smooth.blade cut tips 1/8 inch wide .
replaced all knobs and hinges in my house . these look good , matching all of the faucet fixtures and light sets .
handy , strong enough for general everyday jobs i might have . i keep it in the travel trailer for small jobs too .
i was looking to replace the 12 y / o blade on my miter box . this fit the bill perfectly at a very fair price ,
these fit my hand snugly and have a great grip while maintaining some " feel " . seems to be well made and a very workable glove .
installed this on my compressor line when my original gauge stopped working . went in easily and works well . easily adjustable . feels solid .
if your looking to stow the bikes up and away , but don't want to spend much . this is it . easy install
i bought these to go with a food slicer that i ordered . they protect my hands very well as i handle the blade .
works great and is a similar style to my kitchen sink faucet , stainless vs brushed nickel . good price and install was a breeze .
adapter is in continuous service.use it every day , with router bit for cabinet construction.bit has not come loose yet in service , installed in shaper tool .
lots of adjust-ability . gets the job done . no problems thus far . light weight but stiff . what can i say ... its dewalt !
great product , made with little plastic . my last one was good , but only lasted a year . this looks and feels solid .
great idea but very poor design . out of the box , mine was defective inthat , just loading the blade wasn't possible ?
it's almost too beautiful to use ! very sturdy and should last forever . extremely happy . will only need to buy one !
these are a good deal they are basically the same thing as the expensive name brand ones without the same cost this was a good purchase
it indeed works just like it's suppose to ... if you need a socket reducer go for it ! the price is right .
awesome . powerfull . stunning . other words that mean great . what do u expect . its a led flashlight . go buy one . yep
good long reach but really five stars mean love it - i think not - amazon needs to come up with something otoher than love it
i've used this solder on several low voltage electrical projects , and i've had no issues . perfect solder connection every time .
they are not as " realistic " as i would have liked . they work fine but i have seen ones that look more like real candles elsewhere .
these cords are exactly as advertised . good quality , strong , useful , and the right sizes to meet ordinary needs . everybody needs this assortment .
this is a great tool . you will always know if something electric is live . and it is so easy to use . every diy should have this .
better than i expected . only drawback is they do not perform unless we have a sunny day . otherwise i am still pleased .
this doorknob made it easy to key all of our locks to the same key . these are great in our own home and for rental properties .
used for a long time and find this eyewear is good for quality . no any damage after using long time and the plastic is elastic and match very well
provides reliable breaker control for electrical outlet circuits . well designed and well made , i expect years of reliable service from this siemens 20 amp breaker .
worked for a while then wouldn't take a charge from the sun . i'm not sure where it is and i'm not worried about it .
this extension cord worked as advertised . it is heavy duty and lighted at the end . i have used it for a month now , with no problems .
this saw dust bag is better than most . but i recently bought a dust collector system , so i don't use the bag anymore .
works fine . i am not handy but needed something to replace all the ones lost over time . works great for little jobs .
so far so good . i have used it to sharpen most of the knives in my house . gives you a good edge but not a great one .
this little garage door opener is very nice , its small ( so you can put it on your keychain ) and works very well .
excellent fit , seems to be high quality . i recommend this set to anyone desiring use of sockets with a power drill .
fascinating , bulb is a bulb , right , until you try this , this is a awesome bulb it changes the refrigerator , good stuff
sturdily built . smooth running . fairly easy belt changes . easy tracking adjustment . quality baldor motor . the arrived amazingly fast in good packaging .
fast delivery and many small bits . has a good heft and feel , as well as being pretty balanced . looking forward to using it .
kreg tools are always excellent . well built and thought out . i use most of them . no longer use my other joiners .
on stage , it's three light-level options allow for all the needs of threedifferent flashlights in one.definitely an asset . leatherman comes through again .
i ordered this and it came on time.you have to put it together but thats easy . they are very bright and they give out white light .
i love it ! comes in very handy , seems to work very well - i've only been using it a short time though
this is a very good product for the price . i am very satisfied with it for quality and ease of installation .
you really can't beat this for compact performance at a reasonable price . paired with some good rechargeable batteries you get long service life for cheap too .
these are superior to most pairs i've bought from home depot or lowes . if working in wet conditions i'll put nitrile gloves on first .
i'm an hvac tech , use it to thaw frozen hvacr coils , it works good , i'm happy with it , good piece of equipment . buy it .
i like the low rpm's the side handle was a little hard to screw in , but went in far enough . also great price .
used these for 5 drawers . easy to use & worked well for lining up tracks with drawers .
well worth the price . kit has all of the nessary everyday bits and a handy magnet bowl . there is room to add other bits and drivers .
these clamps the best deal going . they come with pads , well made , and they stand upright on their own . i highly recommend .
it is an ok battery for the longevity of use require ... keep out of cold and heat though .. thak you all for reading
nothing really to complain about this lamp , it was just not powerful enough for my needs so i am not using it .
these hold up well . sand nicely . and are at a good price . did i mention they hold up well ? :)
this combo kit is great ! just like everyone says , and the free shipping certainly doesnt hurt either !
i bought this item expecting to use it frequently but so far it has just sat in my dremel box unused .
looked like a good product but didn't light . it sparked , but the butane didn't light . same butane i have in other equipment that works .
works very well and constructed to last . seems a little pricy but everything with the kreg name on it is .
its in a nice shell but it broke the bulb burnt out or something . i guess in this case you get what you pay for .
i have a set of matching brushed chrome hardware by kohler . it's easy to install ( mounts come with templates ) , and looks sharp !
if you do any of the kreg holes , you will need these to fill the spaces and i also find these easy to sand and they match great .
this guide is an okay guide . it is kind of on the short side , so you are limited on the use
i loved my first one but lost it . this really comes in handy and is all stainless steel . knife is real sharp and sissors work well .
not nearly as anti-fog as expected , not very comfortable , expensive for what you get , below usual " dewalt " quality level
easy to install . we love the way it works . installed it in a cabinet in the kitchen for under cabinet led lights .
so far has been reliable and worked well . have had this for about 10 months . ( nothing else to say min word requirement )
i bought these to replace the feits that i bought 4 years ago one finally died in 4 years of use ...
the light is bright and clear . when i study , my eyes don't have any problem . maybe i will buy another one .
nice design and works very well so far . not all that difficult to program but you will need the directions the first time .
i bought one of these flashlights and then turned around and bought 2 more . what an awesome light . everyone who uses it is impressed
works just like it is supposed to , much better than my old one hehe
this magnet holds at least 10 lbs . this is something all firearms enthusiasts need to have . this is my second unit .
this item works great for wax applications or polishing your chrome wheels . highly recommended .
a great little tool for those quick job when you need to change bit very quickly an make screws magnetic too hold them in place
i'm using these indoors to route a lamp cord along the baseboard . they are almost invisible , easy to apply , and work perfectly .
more than enough light for ceiling fan usage.sparkle effect amazing with tulip globes , will see if they multiply the effect with chandelier .
great clamp for the price . there's not much to say about a c-clamp . it's heavy duty , worked perfectly for my caliper compression . no complaints .
it's a decent sander for the price . i haven't had a chance to use it a lot yet , but it works fine for a sander .
best needle-nose pliers for the money . nice fitting handle and grip with cutter . easy to manipulate for use . just the right size .
i had never seen anything like this before and had to have it ! this thing is awesome for camping and power outages and is inexpensive
been caring this for 3 months and sometimes forget its in my pocket .. its about the size of a c cell battery and weights almost nothing ..
outstanding for the price . do not compare to sets costing 10x as much . not fair to do so .
and they do what i ask . don't have to feed them or pay them . easy to adjust , store easily . now to find ball bearing tray .
i've purchased many neiko professional-grade tools from amazon . i've never had any issues with this torx set and i've used it many times .
needed to replace a 30 ' that had sprung its spring , and this fits the bill . easy to use and working well so far .
dewalt is always good . my only questions are why do these wear out and why are they so pricy ?
extremely powerful magnet and great at finding studs ( and other metal parts inside or outside walls ) ! be careful and use with caution !
well built , but not very bright compared to my other flashlights . but probably fine considering the low price . good light for the money .
built like a weapon and extremely bright . the batteries seem to last forever and it has never let me down .
this stuff is very strong and sticky . i use it for mailing out all my packages . works great and the value is even greater . highly recommend .
this works wonderfully sharpening knives . america's test kitchen was right in its recommendation .
chose this to work with my rotary hammer drill . did a very fine job in stone with cement in between each stone .
i love this drillbit attachment is the best choice to have specially when you're climbing high places you can change your drill head
i love dewalt 20v li batteries and tools.long run time & power with 4.0 ah batteries.looking to add more dewalt tools to box .
rust-oleum spray filler primer is good stuff , covers very well and spreads evenly , im very happy witth this primer rust--oleum
best shower head ever . could not believe the water pressure increase once installed . very good quality product . very happy . would recommend it to anybody .
this unit has great features and has plenty of grunt when it comes to doing its ' job . great price also .
i've used carnauba wax based car waxes for years and have to say this does an equally excellent job on wood .
it seems accurate enough , the all metal construction is already far better than the plastic handle on my craftsman that broke in less than one year .
do not think you will be disappointed if you purchase this product , controls and lot of differant bugs . i will purchase more when needed . thank's
product works as described . water pressure is not as strong as the last one i owned but i am satisfied .
me thinks i need more . these things are rather addicting . i wonder if there are self-help groups for frequent furniture rearrangement ?
great hammer and a great price . the weight is perfect for most work and it does not mar your finish .
love it very much . i tried it immediately and whoa , it found a nail behind the wall . what a strong magnet it had ! !
seems to be well built and was a perfect replacement for the existing light . cord is long enough to hook into system without additional wiring .
these led lights are way " cool " . very little heat output and very low energy usage . give off a light that keeps the bugs away .
they will allow you to put larger bulb in your lamps up to 45-50 w and they look nice . 65w will require a 12 " harp .
great piece of equiptment to have with the small router . makes some jobs easer . this is a must have for all wood shops .
with a product like this , the important part is if it works or doesn't work ... this works ! don't hesitate to buy .
i let light charge for a couple of days and than activated it . it works all night and lights flag adequately .
bought these as gifts . relatively inexpensive but appear to be solid construction unlike a lot of the cheap looking plastic ones at the same price .
i used these in a major demo / rebuild of my house and they worked great . no fog , no issues . great price as well .
this feather board replaced my hand made tool . definitely like the mag feature . no need for clamps . a valuable accessory to have .
works great . picks up everything in its way . glad to have purchased it . might be a bit strong for delicate items .
very easy to install , fit my box well and controls my fanimation propeller fan quite well . no noise and also good quality feel to the unit .
the tool well outlast the sheath , so it's a nice option to be able to replace the sheath rather than buy a whole nother tool .
of all the 2 watt led bulbs i've tried , this one is by far the brightest , probably in the range of a 50 watt standard bulb .
i have used these guides on several occasions and they perform well . the kit has a good assortment of sizes and the adaptors are well made .
this stapler functions as described . it discharges staples with ease . not heavy . does not add a lot of weight to my toolkit . i like it .
exactly as described , and simple installation . you'll find the same or similar in a home improvement store for 3x the cost .
this thing works pretty well and it has some strong magnets . my old house is not 16 inch on center !
the honeywell rcw 3505n1000 / n decor customizable beechwood door chime is a nice doorbell , multiple chime settings and once painted blends in well
makes it very easy to go from drill to driver bit no chuck tightening or loosening . fits the quick release very good
i have purchased quite a few tekton products . they are very nice quality . much more than you'd expect for the price.this set is very nice .
am sending back . didn't even work once ... flickers if you flex it one way and another - but won't stay on .
what a great idea - now i can use all the outlets on my power strips . wish i had bought these sooner . highly recommended .
very good tool , very good construcction , robust . easy to read , easy to use . quickly identifies nuts and bolts . convenient stainless cord to hang
i love this sledge hammer it is strong and very heavy duty the grip could be better but for the price what can you do
i used this bit in my basement remodel to cut a hole in my air ducts to add more lines . the bit broke after cutting two holes .
this has helped me decide when a battery is beyond recovery for recharging , it is well worth its cost . delivered promptly recommend the product and the vendor .
really nice little set & comes in handy around the house . & price was good . & they are there wen you need them
i do not like the wagner 0515034 procoat stand airless paint sprayer , because it is not a durable product , and wagner would not honor their warranty
great sander ! worked just as advertised . great price and great quality . i would recommend it to anyone needing a sander .
this is a great compass , very well made . will last a life time . darrell
good quality sockets , come with a plastic case . better quality than the ones you'll find at harbor freight at a cheaper price .
you won't find a better saw horse , adjustable legs and aluminum frame makes a quality product that will last a life time of tough jobs .
good bright light for examining the bore . reasonable price makes it easy to add to any cleaning kit without breaking the bank .
we've bought 2 of these and love the design . the double plug makes it sturdy and solid . a real space saver !
works great . good quality and fair price . easy to load and easier to adjust depth of fasteners with the slight turn of a knob . very nice tool
this is extremely well-designed , well-built , and heavy duty . no complaints here . don't hesitate--buy this tool you'll be glad to did .
item shipped on time . it was exactly what we were looking for and it works perfectly . the price for two was great as well .
i am very happy with this fluorescent ceiling fixture . i had it installed in my garage and it really gives off great light . highly recommend .
i am just amazed at how well it works on my table saw . it works for jointing too . i want to buy one more .
these aren't professional quality bits , but for as often as you need them and for the price , i am pleased with them .
great gloves for the remodeling i do as a living . much better price and fit than anything available locally . so far they are holding up great .
the best quality light bulbs that are long-lasting and worth the price . only have to replace about two times a year . recommend highly !
good price and value , great qualityexceptional value compared to purchasing at big box stores . work well with paint or stain for touch ups , small projects etc .
i've used these blades for various tasks including cutting through a treated 4x4 post . fast , clean and effective .
my husband travels for business quite a lot and needed this to carry the fluke instruments he purchased . as he travels , this was the perfect solution .
finally a true led replacement for an incandescent for table top lamps that is just as bright as advertised . i hope they last as long as advertised .
great product . i have the white and uv versions , i love them both . the uv version puts out enough light to inspect anything you need .
this bit set is awesome . i can get to them screws that are recessed way down in the unit . keep them good tools coming
very happy with this . i use it around the house and in my camper . has plenty of power for all the household chores .
solid gloves for light duty work ie gutter cleaning , yard work ... will purchase another pair to keep in my truck .
little heavy compared to other designs , but works well . fits well , even with my big ears .
this safety vest does its job by making you more noticeable on the jobsite . it is reflective and light for visibility .
the adhesive does not stick to wood as much as i would like it to . the pieces come off too easily .
great product works as advertised . i suggest finding a large nylon washer for to make it easier to remove after using .
it has a sturdy construction , the tip is better constructed than others that i have used . it has a nice color
i ordered this as i needed some smaller diameter solder and i always use kester in larger sizes so i know it's good stuff
i will only buy bessey clamps from now on . paying for them hurts at first but i have no regrets .
this has a noticable better quality than the best belt that i got at the bigbox store . i am very satisified with it .
i purchased this screwdriver and another one of another color . i was looking for a multi tiped precision screwdriver and this one fit the needs very well .
well built , great value . super bright . like the zoom focus feature to widen or narrow the beam and the convenience of using a single aa battery .
this is great in a bathroom . we use it in the guest bathroom so there is no searching for that hidden wall switch .
we had these for a lot of years . one died and needed replacement but couldn't be found locally . this was a good find .
did i mention that i love this ? perfect light . perfect dimming . instant onother than the price , there is no cons to getting this
i use these on our ceiling fans so far so good , look great work great . plenty of light received as described .
i like freud circular saw blades , they have always worked well for me and are well worth buying .
nice saw zaw blades for the money . great for small branch trimming work although if you cut into soil they will dull out.still a good buy
for such an inexpensive tool , this works like a champ.the variable sensitivity is a must otherwise the device goes off at any adjacent breaker .
i was actually surprised how well made this gizmo was . i get one in my car's get-home-pack and another in my bug-out-pack .
love it ! ! ! very good quality . make y life more easy in the kitchen . i recomended this item . is the best kitchen faucet !
light , easy to manipulate and change the blade . small enough to fit into tight places and do fine jobs . snap off blades are a nice touch .
this little tool is almost a necessity to removed the retaining nut on the cartridge . worked as advertised . highly recommended .
not too happy with this product , no instructions , not that i really needed it but it would be nice to know about the o rings
can't go wrong here-it does just what it says it will . dewalt can be depended on for a good product in most cases .
i like this screw kit is comes in this great box with everything all organized and i like how it comes with a few different size screws
the extension cord is heavy with the thick copper wires and plastic insulation . . . . it does the job .
i ordered two of these . they both worked fine at first , but after about 3 months one stopped working . i need to exchange it .
i purchased these to fill a specific need for christmas lighting . they work well and with their smaller size are less obvious from the street .
great soap dispenser ; being able to refil the soap bottle from above the counter is a huge plus . looks great and feels like a quality product .
i use this tool with a large forsner bit . its never let me down . i can even use it in my drill press ! ! !
a very high quality set - nice assortment of sizes and the tool holder is great , hard covered , solid . recommend highly .
nice packaging and better quality than my craftsman sockets . time will tell if they hold up but so far i'm very pleased .
i saw these and decided to get them . it was a good idea . i seem to be using them fairly often now .
easy to attach to stand and works great . i've had my router table and fence for a while and am glad to now put it to used .
i bought one of these last year and it arrived ok . this one arrived damaged with one shelf significantly bent .
was skeptical but this is the best quality i've seen from utg ... am planning on buying another for second ar .. nice light and bright
works 100 % . plug in , put your appliance to the female , clip on your ammeter - - works perfectly . aok . aok . aok .
this bulb does not put out the light a regular 75 or even 60 wattbulb does . very unidirectional also . would not order again .
my husband loved this ! i got it as a gag gift for his 50th birthday . we are going to pass it on to a friend now
these gloves are built strong . they are very comfortable and durable and have a cool look !
looks exactly as the picture , multiple settings make it work nice , easy to install and works well , would recommend
the broom has nylon bristles which i was not overly impressed but overall it was a very good value for the money .
it wont fit a standard electric drill w / cord sad but true . but i have used them for other items the end
at $ 13 for two sets to my doorstep you cannot go wrong . much better quality than the usual $ 6-8 safety specs . ordering some more
lets me give into my minor acd and accent the roll marking on firearms and mags . easy to use , makes a nice look .
these light bulbs came packaged well and last a long time . it was nice to find the old fashion fluorescent bulbs again .
this item works as described . makes it handy to use sockets for light duty work easy and fast . would recommend .
easy to take on and off , quality made and fits like a glove . very functional and attractive cover . seems very durable .
this faucet is really attractive . i like the options to change the water flow and the pull out system is easy to use .
have not tried them out yet but for the price thgey will do the job for me , they are a good looking set of counter bits
the waxman 4723295 n self-stick round felt pads , brown , 2 - inch are ok . took two of them on each leg to of the shelving unit .
one of four didn't work or i would have given 5 star . compact and aimable , the three work great .
easy to install with the correct drill bit . viewing angle is just right . works great for any door needing one .
2 watts and low heat . great product for replacing incandescent bulbs . the warm white is slightly green on this bulb , but it works pretty good imho .
i used it to get the height so i can use cfl bulbs in light fixtures next to the fireplace .
this is a well made splicer . looks and feels solid . fits very nicely .
this tool is great for when you're out and need to pry of screw / unscrew something . i've used it multiple times and its held up perfectly .
nice to deal with and nice product if it is what you are looking for in a small chuck . i would recommend this product !
high quality caulk gun that works great . having used it for a few weeks , i have had no issues . would buy again !
superior product - dust collection bag is screwed into the system . i recently upgraded and it was worth the few extra dollars . recommendlarry
very useable . helpful and provides a very shine edge on cutting part of tools . the weight and volume is fine and it would last for many years .
i ordered three and all of them are working . they used to be expensive , but the technology and the manufacturing process must have improved .
i love the fact that i can see some levels of where carbon monoxide level is up to , installation screws are included .
i needed a more pointed live center and liked the psi . received super fast , solid packaged , super quality and performs flawlessly . would recommend .
some wrenches were miss-sized . some bent . all were covered with a heavy dose of machine oil . returning to amazon next day .
these colored connectors are a great idea . these also work with style m connectors . good quality construction with no air leaks .
how can you go wrong with dewalt ? we use these contantly at work and they are rugged . we will need more and this will be the standard .
bought this as a stocking stuffer for my son-in-law . with all the power outages this seemed like a good idea .
well it does help polish the edge better the only thing is that they are sold individually and you need 2 .
works well . the genie garage door in general is weak . but this thing gets the job done like you'd expect it to .
these are cheap , one lock i could set to a new combo and the other wouldn't work . they are sitting on my shelf taking up space .
the kreg jig and screws are a must for anyone doing any wood work . they are expensive but trust me they are worth it .
provides the professional who restores wood flooring to decrease the working time in situations that hand tools would take hours .
for the money this is the best and brightest flashlight out there . simple to use . one easy to master button . decent quality
works good ... nothing fancy , but does a decent job and the quality is good enough for a non-professional type , shade tree mechanic .
this is just absolutely fantastic at what it does . rip up tiles quickly and effortlessly ! bosch has never let me down !
my husband loves this a great product very durable and has a nice look to it ... great seller ... great product
good product ii would recommend this to anyone looking for a battery meter . i just wish it had more settings for other types of batteries
this thermostat integrated perfectly with my honeywell tuxedo touch alarm controller . this was a very easy install in my house .
these plug in and are there in case of a power failure . they have an unobtrusive appearance and function well .
does the job and i have no complaints . i installed this with just a screwdriver . this toilet seat was very inexpensive !
by rotating brooms and shovels in the garage , i can tidy up a lot of clutter . i ordered 2 more .
you have to have tried other router bits on plywood to appreciate what these bits can do . tight and solid . whiteside bits are the best .
i like the low power consumption for emergency lighting.it saves my battery power for use in my inverters.highly recommended.thanks again .
these locks work and feel great . i've used these for about a week and they feel very sturdy to me .
it worked for about a week i liked it very much then it just stopped working . definitely pass on this model .
this is a great pair of glasses for photographers who need help reading the screens of cameras . i use several pair on photo shoots outdoors .
excelent strip . good intensity . easy installation . it has many accessories for lot of different way of installation . i recomment to purchase it .
i mounted this light in a wall hanging jeweling box . it provides the perfect amount of light for this application .
just what i wanted to re-key to my older titan lock set . a few cheap cosmetic parts , but overall very good .
this is exactly what i expected when i ordered it . good hardwood spring steel construction . works great and seems like it will last a while .
good price , fast shipper and batteries seem to hold a charge for quite a long time . good deal if you need this specialized battery .
the wiremold c110 white cordmate kit is perfect for hiding unsightly wires along baseboard or up a wall . it is paintable
love this stripper best one i have ever used . it is easy to use any it does a great job .
brightness is almost unbelivable for such a small and light flashlight ... i've found myself using it very frequently at nights , to see my surroundings .
very powerful router . the adjustment mechanism is solid and the router is built very well .
all i can say is they lasted longer than the streamlight brand that came with my last new one i purchased . i'll purchased these again .
it was a christmas present for my son and he liked it . it was a good sized assortment and a good brand name .
bought this extension cord for use on a project and it performed well . it has 16 gauge wires and will work well if not over loaded .
it is a belt with sand on it . it sands my wood . and that is about that . more words more words more words
its a 10 watt led but its powerful . although it not as powerful as i wanted but i still like the light
item works great . easy to get into those hard to reach places , and much easier then using a 1/4 " wrench on the bits .
perfect for those that travel.you can set the time yourself and also set the times at different intervals to turn on and off .
this plier is solidly built . made in usa . i never knew a plier could impress me this much . highly recommended .
very thick and heavy for a drain ordered with a kohler cast iron sink , nice way of squeezing to sink with 3 turn screws
for the money i'm very surprised how good this is ! ! ! its thick and very high quality stuff . i would pay double this in the local store
can't say enough about having these extra bits along with me especially when i'm out away from the shop . may buy the kits for outlaw relatives .
this is the second one i bought for an additional toilet . replaced an old type valve and these work great ! would recommend .
this products can be a life saver . literally . i suggest practicing with it a few times before heading out into the wild . works well !
just a bit brighter than the standard maglite bulb i had in my mag charger flashlight . bought the maglite nihm battery to replace the nicd too .
this is a nice little driver to have around for those areas that are hard to get to this will help you out . i like mine .
we have tried a lot of different oscillating tools in the past for removing sealant , from fien to harbor freight , works better than them all ! ! !
good bundle deal but they wore out quicker than the porter cable brand i also bought.also could use some 40grit in the package for my use .
when i first bought this , it was the best , but then i the discovered kreg shelf drilling jig which beats this jig by a mile .
they were a little hard to program but worked ok afterwords . my daughter programed them for us . i am not that savy .
very nice well made tool roll but it is too bulky for motorcycle use . i filled it up with tools and now keep it in my truck .
this is an awesome tool has everything you need around the how or in the car very durable ... any mans dream tool
the camco 55165 powergrip dogbone adapter is a heavy duty quality product . if this is the correct adapter for you ... you'll be happy when you get it .
these lights are perfect to light up hallways and dark areas . the best thing is they go off when the sun comes out .
a much bigger light than i was looking for with a clip.but still very usefull . i have the smaller version 501 from ultrafire and very with both purchases
my first bit broke quickly so i bought a 10 pack . now i am not breaking the first replacement i put in it . i would buy again
bought two of these to house my new 18v makita tools . tough little cases with external pockets for other things .
used it in my garage to add a motion sensor switch . does the job no problem . didn't feel like switching out all the switches .
i use this for cutting plywood panels for woodworking projects . it cuts smoothly and quickly . what more could you ask for ?
product was as advertised and shipping was quick . sheeting was sufficient for the job , yet still easy to crimp low voltage lights to it . thanks .
we put this up in our daughter's room with a chandelier and it looks great ! easy to do and adds a touch of class .
functional and meets basic quality . they do not make things like in the past .
i bought this little light to replace a mag light that died . it works , but no great shakes , but is fine for carrying in my vehicle .
the fixture was received very prompt , and was as i expected . in a short time , i will installed them on my yard to improve my landscape .
this make change up fro one 4 inch dust port to another 4 inch a quick snap . a must for the well equipped wood shop
went ahead and decided to buy both sets ( sae and metric ) and i am very happy with both sets so far .
this flashlight has made such an impression in comparison to other flashlights that this flashlight might become a standard tool .
this comes with several accessories for any kind of work , wood , metal , plastic , etc . well built and powerful . get one .
strong and durable . slices through wood with ease ! wish the spades came in a hard plastic box like other dewalt bits . good enough though .
i love this light , its bright enough for some jobs i have to do and runs for a very long time on a charge
easy to use , reliable , great pricethese have worked flawlessly for me in my veralite ha system , i would buy more if i needed them without hesitation
great flexible stainless steel shower hose at a great price . i would recomend this to anyone looking for a replacement .
this staple gun works great hanging shooting targets . it comes with staples and a fantastic case to hold everything . in addition , it was a great price .
i cannot use this adapter . it does not fit the planer , bandsaw or other tools that have dust collection outlets .
can sharpen my own chainsaw blades while on the saw in 5 minutes ... as an added bonus can sharpen hedge clippers . lawnmower bladeand trimmer blade
the led light is very bright and shines through which is kinda defeating the purpose of them , but they are still awesome !
if you have a sump pump then of course you will want this . it is well-built and it does the job for certain .
use this often . better than imagined for straight cuts . easy to use . more words needed a i the so go it
work great bought about 14 of them and have been using dailyish for about 6 months
these bits are very effective when using on hard-to-drill metals . nice little set ! i also like the convenient storage case .
after using up the first box , i bought another one . good quality , but not for heavy duty . recommend to general using at home
as advertised.this is a very handy little test light especially when you own a travel trailer always testing something or helping someone else out .
these are basic all around detectors for carbon monozide and smoke and are a good deal for the price and a well known brand .
installed in all the bed rooms in a 3 level home . works perfect . and its the best out in the market as per my knowledge .
top quality , does what it says it will do , speeds up the job .
a well made work glove , and stylish looking too.the fabric allows for greater flexibility , whilst the all leather index finger insures longevity .
controls my outdoor christmas lights . added them to my honeywell alarm z-wave controller . works well and like a champ . i recommend this product .
great little flashlight , especially for the price ! quality materials and i love the magnetic end ! excellent customer service at nebo also .
have sliding switches like my self that are great i all so have double outlets that cover the holes great also
this clamp is easy to position and tighten , unlike others . it is a good clamp at a very nice price .
as stated ... the main reason for buying these were for my router lift as well as other projects ... work just right thanks
not much i can say about the clips except for that they work great . the clips are made out of decent plastic and none of the broke .
what can i say they are batteries and they work in the solar lights i got them for . i'd buy them again .
i was looking for way to bring a selection of fasteners to the job . this is good quality and strong construction . very good
i have used these and they are great for the price . i frequently use hole punches and the full set of sizes is great .
durable , quick setup / takedown and very simple to use . instructions and online video clear and straight forward .
i have been using this for 5 weeks , it is starting to malfunction already . don't waste your hard earned money on this junk .
its a great battery.its a compact battery.so its half the power of the full sized one.knowing that im completely satisfied with its power .
this really helps me to screw things around the house . really gets that screwing going . easy to use , magnetic tip , long handle .
just used it at my mom's house . only my dad knew what was what . but with this tool able to map it out .
the insertion-removal tool does not quite fit so it takes a while to insert or remove . maybe with more use the tool will ware down to fit .
the glue is thick and has good initial bond to hold the crown together while working with it , after curing the bond is very sound .
this timer has worked flawlessly since i bought it . it seems to be a quality product and having dual outlets is nice though i only use one .
i have owned almost every brand of linesmans and these are the best . keep note that they a little bit longer and heavier then the smaller model .
love these bits and love that they come in a case . strongly suggest this purchase . five more words to go .
works as advertised neat unit to observe energy consumption of different appliances in our house . also use it with our solar power system
worked as advertised , good for the price . due the standard output voltage it would work on most push button door chime .
i bought a second set because they work so well . luckily they are on different channels and don't conflict with each set .
very useful in the professional mechanical shop . worth their weight in gold when they get the job done in short time .
uniquely this shower head take low pressure water and makes it feel like you are in a high pressure spa . excellent shower head
adapter is ok , but knowing the id and od of each end would have been helpful so that i wouldn't have to make another order of adapters .
the replacement lens are good , they fit great onto my bionic face mask . they are very clear and can take a beatin ! ! ! thanks
this product works as advertised . i installed it into my aprilaire humidifier . worked perfectly . i am very satisfied . 5 stars .
i wanted something small and light that i could carry with me ; this fits the bill . surprisingly hard-working dfor such a small tool . highly recommend .
i used this for a backup.please remember to rate the products you purchase . it really helps when buying something i have never used before .
what can i say , there ge and they arrived in one peace thus far .. we will see after we start using them ...
sucks up anything small . easy to clean filter , beat it on a rock . super powerful and battery lasts a while too .
these coasters are excellent for bed frames that are not self locking . prevents the easy movement of the frame on laminate / wood floors .
... wonderful ladder of sleek design ... stores easily ... very sturdy ... happy that i ordered this ladder after a thorough look at the competing array ...
this is a zipper bob in reality , im gonnadelete a star for everytime you make me go back , and thata that yea
what i love about these pliers is not only the low price , but the easily adjustable positions . it also has a lifetime guarantee , which is nice !
this is a great rubber air hose . i will certainly be buying atleast two more in the near future for home and work .
it's good energy saver and idea for gate area . we bought one more after we watch the first one work .
this works great in multiple applications , it is sturdy and can easily fit in many different nail guns , i would recommend this to anyone
took under 10 minutes to swap out the old one with this valve . the kit includes everything you need , including roll pin removal tap and o-ring lube .
this holster saved me a whole lot of time from running up and down the ladder and dropping the gun on the ground .
nebo flashlight is a quality flashlight at a quality price . the adjustable focus on the light is a real plus too .
i use these all the time with my dewalt impact driver . i've snapped nuts and bolts before doing any damage to the bit adapters . very satisfied !
milwaukee is always a good product . the tool arrived on time and was exactly as described . i will continue to purchase this product in the future .
unfortunately the bed pops off of these casters if the bad moves a little bit . i would recommend getting the 3 inch ones if available .
this is a hand plane that is precision made and molded to fit the hand flawlessly for perfect performance . i love it .
had to return this item due to my mistake , did not get the right size battered tool---very much wished it was right ! ! !
it works the same as the knipex plier . i can't tell the difference . recommend the plier compare a $ 30 knipex tool .
this is a factory replacement for a black and decker cordless drill . takes a full charge and lasts just as long as the original .
excellent price . it does the job . the price was right and does the job.not to big and not to small .
this works great with my ryobi miter saw . it's very strong the arms extend for longer pieces of wood . it's easy to fold up and store .
very high quality and comparable to the " blue " boards .. rockler products are great quality at a very good price
works great on my bosch ros . good solid fit that stands up to use .
pretty much as they are billed , an on-off switch for three pronged earthed plugs . good for the price , what more can you ask for !
well made , good looking and solid construction klein bag . i also bought the large portfolio bag to carry paperwork . give it a try .
it takes a beating for a saw blade and works great will buy it again when needed . i even hit a few live wires and didn'tdamage the blades .
these are one of those tools that when you need it , you won't find it locally . i keep it as a stock item just awaiting a job .
if you do your own oil and filter change on a late moldel bmw , you have to have this tool to remove the oil fiter .
these are really nice and much higher quality than your average hex set . so worth the price !
i really needed several things plugged in to one outlet by the bed . this is the perfect solution . i even had some
if you have , or plan on getting the flex shaft , then this is a must have . i have this permanently mounted to my dremel work bench .
i got this because i love all things snap onthis set has everything top quality and versatilityyou can't go wrong with this set
for the money these are a great little pair of goggles they fit well and work great ! ! ! a must have for any type of braising of welding
this was the perfect addition to mydremel 290-01 . it makes all of my engraving much faster and easier compared to the bit that came with the engraver .
perfect amount of light for a bathroom . doesn't protrude much from wall , and supplies an outlet . good product .
you will want and need these if you have an impact wrench . good set - works fine , no issues at all . i would buy again .
thiese are good for keep little itemes where you can find them in a larger bag or box , very handy .
another great tool to expand any kreg pocket hole jig . makes it easier to work w / corner or 90 degree clamping .
these are good for those small projects and screws that needs to be tightened and secured . can't miss with stanley .
what can i say except that this is the right tool for the job . bosch parts are best for bosh tools .
works just as described when water is in the tube it overrides sprinkler system adjustable saves water easy installation everyone needs one with water going up
very nice and lightweight safety glasses , what is to say . they go on your face , protect you from stuff and you look through them .
i bought this for my grow light to start seedlings in the winter . this worked great and has a ton of options at your disposal .
what can i really say . always good to have on hand for that home prep kit or bug out bag .
hard to see markings , otherwise just fine.no info on how to use it so you need to be use to using one .
maybe these are overkill , but with cats and allergies i've always went with top-of-the-line filtrete filters . better deal on here than in the stores :-)
quick and easy review ! works well , heavy dusty valve.well made feels substantial.valve is easy to turn and does not jam .
keeps the heat and most of the bugs out of the bottom of the door . just used a staple gun tack the insulation to the door .
i used this product since 2007 and need another one for a new house it works well and takes care of a lot issues .
i am satisified with the drill . it has plenty of power and is light weight . the batteries do well and charge quickly
in earthquake town it is nice to have these around . i have a bunch of these scattered around the house . they are great and aren't very expensive .
fits my big face and it's not uncomfortable to wear . i preferred this kind of respirator to a simple filter mask . works well for home projects ...
this little guy puts out a lot of light for a small flashlight . it is a great tool to have around the house .
works fine and fit into my wall pefectly so a refridgerator waterline could be put in . i would recommend to others .
the light stays on for over six hours and was perfect to light up our long driveway in the country .
these fit well and hold up to tough jobs . and the bright color keep me from misplacing as often too
hi everone , this magnetic stud finder works great at job sites , and in your home . you will like this product.take care , thomas
for what little it cost , it works great and does last quite a long time . it's not terribly bright , but works great for around the house .
i keep this in my kitchen drawer--pretty basic tools but all work well . these come in handy all the time !
it works good really too good . even on a cloudy day the light activates . so it would be nice if there was a off switch .
its very durable and it has a ton of compartments i am a electrician and i put all my hardware and fittings like couplings etc and it all fits fine
these hex pits are super reasonably priced and work as advertised . the metal seems to be relatively hard , so they should hold up really well .
before you order this remember it is an m series and most likely will not fit your existing nicad and v18 kithion batteries ...
very good batteries , solid and hard working , i use it with t6 flash light from the same brandbooth works well
sometimes it's nice to have a tool at the ready in your pocket or nearby instead of breaking out the standard size tool . very convenient and works well .
a nice compact light and seems to be bright . i don't use this as my main flash light . my dorcy 180 lumen is for main home use .
got these for my ifak and first aid kits . yes they smell terrible but i guess that's the point . just buy some already ...
works great . lights up brightly and makes a funny halloween noise . bought it for my spouse and it really made him laugh .
drive straight , don't break out the wood as badly as some framing nails i've used , hold tightly ... just what a nail is supposed to do .
i have this mounted on a rifle and am very pleased with it . it includes a pressure switch that works very well . utg scores again .
the detached garage had one of these on but the keys were missing and the cable was broken . replaced it with this . works great . easy installation .
very durable and clear lenses . keep them in the car.super price for great product . maybe even buy several pair . one for motorcycle bag ?
cheap cheap cheapthey are cheap but they work but the price said 2 dollars then the 13 dollar shipping fee crazy !
what a great sink , i purchased this sink for my new kitchen i just finished building and it works great and the size fit and finish is perfect .
these bit are very sharp and make drilling a hole very easy , i would recommend this product to anyone wanting to buy a set of drill bits .
probably a good product , but measure slot before ordering . it was too wide for my door , may fit yours ok .
very good quality product . i don't know why it's taken me so long to get a soapstone marker . they're good for sewing as well as welding .
fan really can move some air , and looks great . i think the gunmetal one is more attractive , but this still is very classy . like it .
works over my reasonably sized prescription glasses , and also my prescription sunglasses . these eight words will just be for padding .
great value for the price . did not give it five stars because the screws that come with it were not long enough for standard wood cabinets
having sae and metric all in one small package . saves time , trouble , the metric wrenches are even marked so you know what hex key your using .
these are great batteries and save their charge for a very long time . it has good amp hours and works under solid cabinet building environment .
as being a woman it is small . i am able to use it though haha . it is now in my toolbox along with a few tools .
i got this for faster disassembly of bikes when i don't want the air on . it works great for that purpose .
i have found this tester to be highly reliable in testing of my batteries . i would recommend this batter tester to others .
it's a little " front " heavy , but i have used it twice to remove splinters in my hands and it worked great for that !
a nice set of 1/4 inch deep wells sockets for the money . 1/4 inch are light duty anyway they should hold up well
i bought this for my son who uses it at work . he says it is very handy when he is climbing around the construction jobs .
i really works well with a long range . the sound of the doorbell is crisp and clear . would recommend it to anyone .
bought 2 as replacements for the originals . seem to work fine . just about as well as the originals as i recall .
i replaced halogen lights with these and they've worked really well . strong light and very efficient leds . it has run for 6 + months without a problem .
only used a few times , but seems very rugged and is easy to read , rolls nicely even in thick grass
very nice toilet seat ; and high quality . the sculpted design is actually a bit nicer and more prominent than it looks on the picture .
have had no leaks and appears to be decent quality . arrived promptly . i have only used this for a short time .
this light worked great out of the box . i will wait for a couple of months and let you now how it works .
i've been using this lightly for a few months now and i have no complaints . glue doesn't drip much and it heats up quickly .
i bought this as a gift , so have not actually used it . but it appeared to be good quality for the price .
bought these to replace the existing deadbolts on my house . easy to install and they look great . i will be ordering another one for my garage .
i do lots of roofing and general framing . this hose is the best i ever had , especially in cold conditions .
i bought it for small size . it works great in tight spaces . being that its battery operated is just that much better , no cord .
i had to send them back as i misread what they were . i thought they were 9 inch not 6 inches .
its very bright for the size . nice little light for the key chain . i keep one on my jacket zipper .
useful little thing to have around if the power goes out or you go camping . will probably last a really long time .
this is a great deal and i have used this tape for just about everything imaginable . it is a great deal .
sometimes several months go by with my table saw just sitting there . there is never any memory issues with this belt .
i have no clue how to use this item . i don't know if it came broken or not . very disappointed .
the perfect addition to my skylink system . my mother-in-law caught herself prowling in her own basement ! good thing for the remote control .
at 10 bucks a box these were a steal . they work as well as any other brand and we haven't had any burn out prematurely yet .
used to operate an exhaust fan and it works exactly as described . used to operate an exhaust fan and it works exactly as described .
how do you rate 12 gate wire ? i bought it for a trellis and it works , but really , it's set in it's coil .
being used as a pre-filter to a hepa room air filter and so far so good ... blah blah blah blah blah
your light will run longer if you use protected batteries cause they control the discharge rate and keep the batteries cooler meaning you'll keep a charge longer .
you cant apply excessive force but performs well . fits nuts well . this is the way i like these sets so you cant lose them .
i have used these for many years to power a snakelight and a portable vacuum . they do a great job - very durable .
i've used great stuff foam before and thought this product would offer greater expansion . it doesn't seem to work any better or differently .
this is a very good addition to my sawsall dont have to run after more at the store got a good assortment . everybody should have this package .
inexpensive , but not cheap . i was in ks , no stores . it solved my problem . it came in the right size .
i own a ton of torches , and a couple of cheap headlamps - this thing is solid . great for camping !
this speed controller works very well . i use it to control the blower fan speed that i use on a fire pot . easy to control burn rate ,
i'm a electronics engineer with some age , this item help me a lot on my work without hand hold , very good .
this tool is great for using nails small enough to go unseen in most trim . easy to load and operate .
cheap chipping hammer that gets the job done . i used it to peen some welds on a cast header and it turned out wonderfully .
the bulb had great color and a good price . however , it only lasted 18 months . what happenex to 10 years ?
purchased for first aid kit - - fortunately not had need to use - - very impressive and well made with good material .
very bright little light , the red is good for keeping your night vision , and it puts out a lot of light to see clearly in the dark .
i was surprised when i got this that the collet nut was the same size as the 1/2 collet nut . one wrench does it all .
kit has enough fittings for all my air tools / guns . easy locking . have not owned long to see the durability of the fittings .
i use this lock to secure an expensive peice of off road recovery gear to my vehicle . it has never failed me !
this muffling device is lightweigt , and easy to wear for ear protection . much better than the " ear muffs " frequently seen . highly recommended .
i have been wanting a new sander since my old black and decker is out of commission ... this one fits the bill ! !
all my other flashlights are on the shelf now--this is the one i go to . it is light , small , bright , and sturdy . highly recommended .
this thermostat is very basic and just controls temp without any winter / summer or daily programming features.works just as it should .
hard to find size . best price i could find . and helps a ton with my allergies . each individually packed waiting to be used
i bought these lights to put into my walk in closet because i have trouble telling between navy and black clothes . they work just fine i love them .
nice selection of blades and i'm sure are great quality . haven't used them yet , but don't have any concerns they won't perform well .
this is a great set , my only problem after purchasing two of them is the plastic fingers that hold pieces in place break easily .
great light weight squeegee because of aluminum construction and the handle is hollow and open on the end . the rubber leaves a spotless shine .
i like this for turning on a wronging if one of my cool room get to hot . it is better than the one i put together
cheap does the job on applying oil . not good for cleaning tough stuff . i did it in balistol
i like the build quality , case , and the way this unit works . i am far from an expert , but am satisfied as a customer .
we bought this wrench for our automotive shop . good purchase for the money . would recommend if price is an issue .
not being in a business where i would use these everyday , , they are perfect for the home hobbyist . can't beat the price .
this looks great , but the first one that i put didn't last too long ... let's see if the second one last longer ...
not the plastic that comes with oem . these are high quality brass / chrome and had no problems installing them . they work great and good price too .
this lube is a must for a pool owner . i also use it for many other applications . mainly , i like the price .
i like the straps but they are made in china and not the usa . i always try to buy american .
works great ! i pumped all of vehicles tires with this little guy . did the job , i am satisfied and i'm sure you will be too .
this is your standard angle die grinder . well built but loud . this is replacing one that has seen daily use for better than 10 years .
this item : given as a gift so i have not used the item personally . however it seems to be made well .
when it comes to saw blades , freud makes some of the best . works like a charm out of the box .
ihave only used the tool once so far but it performed well , plenty of power and when you pick the tool up you feel quality
these things work great ! they are easy to use , can be used multiple ways , and they hold the line tight .
i am very pleased with the blades . they cut through 3/4 wood with no problem . i say buy with confidence .
love these cases for storing just about any small items . they make it easy to find things since they are clear . i would recommend this product .
these worked like a charm . had a dripping faucet so bought two of these and popped them in , leak fixed !
but i do like the combo sensors and it's too much of a hassle to return so i kept it .
i use this buffer to finish buffing knives . it works well for me and puts a nice edge on the knives .
have had others they lasted for a few cuts then broke this one seems to be doing much better .. built to last
as advertised ... its very nice and has held up well so far . i've had them for over a year and look great !
not enough pressure . no mechanical advantage applied to work . you might as well use your hand .
these are not my favorite mechanix gloves ... the knuckle protection starts to dig in after wearing them several hours ... i much prefer some of their other designs .
i really like this thing but it is not real durable by design.it does work well and offers great versatility.the case is pretty bad but holds tools .
great light from little bulbs . they cost a little more , but are well worth the price .
this item was a good price and came quickly . it was brand new in a sealed box . great for around the house or at work .
great small extinguishers for the house or the car . i have not had to use it ( yet ) but it seems like it would work fine .
i've been using this just about daily to do just about anything . i should have bought one this size a long time ago ; it's very useful .
works great , smooth and powerful . just wish it would fit the dewalt backing pad for sanding discs . no excuse for that .
i seem to love these sensor lights and put them all around the house . they give off just enough light at dark to keep from bumping into things .
great glasses to keep out floating dust that normal safety glasses just don't do . definitely recommend for anyone working outside in the sun with a saw .
i returned a half dozen slides that cost twice as much at the depot--liberty brand i think . these are a lot smoother sliding and more economical .
not built for comfort , but very effective as cheap glasses ... we add these to all our lab kits and they fit all size faces and heads ...
i just couldn't believe how easy this belt was to adjust it's length . works really well on my jig saw .
the flashlights work very good except for one out of five not working when received . other than that , the light itself is well put together .
simple install , pumps as advertised . this replaced the little watch dog pump that would not pump higher than 4 ft .
this definitely keeps the door closed , and is pretty easy to latch closed . it's a little harder to disengage when you want to open the door .
but it did make a huge difference when assembling parts with the kreg . absolutely recommended for other kreg users . makes joining much easier !
i say it works , but it's all trial and error as it does not come with an instruction book on how to use this with the film .
i used this to hold a molding on a faux fireplace i was building and ended up just hammering the pieces on because the glue alone would not hold .
i really needed the batteries , but dewalt makes it about as cheap to just buy a drill set with batteries .
good general purpose home type air filter for your air compressor a must have to protect your air tools . i would not recommend for commercial use
i used to patch a few small holes in drywall , its a little " soupier " than i expected but did the job just fine .
no matter how many times i tried , i could not get this to do any more than strobe . i could not get a steady stream of light .
it's ok , but the range of the sensor is not too great . you almost have to be on top of it before it lights up .
i got fooled by the base . this is larger than the typical night light .. smaller than a standard bulb . form factor is a little weird .
we really enjoy these colorful solar lights . we have 4 of them and they really add a nice , ever-changing touch to our yard .
these last only a month for us before they get clogged enough to make our system labor and rattle . next time i'll get ones that are more porous .
these little lights run on aa batteries and are equipped with optical sensors so they will not turn on in the middle of the day
this little tool makes quick work of any soldering job , even metal cookie cutters , when the spot welds broke .
i used this with my newly purchased dewalt miter saw and stand . it was useful for sliding long pieces through the saw when making multiple cuts .
wanted a second wood vise for my work bench and didn't want to spend a lot . works fine . nothing special about it but it works .
this face plate is exactly what i was looking for and it fit perfectly for the dimmer and regular light switch that i have there .
an excellent drywall saw , makes ripping sheetrock easy . quality built , i don't expect i'll need to replace this saw anytime soon , if ever .
works fine and manages to fit my odd-shaped head . for the money it's hard to beat . would buy another again .
the product is good and works fine . more expensive than the black one for the same light but still ok . would buy the black ones from now on
nice set of extensions for air tools . seems okay so far . i would recommend to add if you need extensions
looks way nicer than those big attachments that go on the faucet itself . hidden under cabinet and easy to install . highly recommend .
its effective and cheap , you have to remove any solder inside the pump from time 2 time to avoid clogging
must have if you frequently use your cordless dremel alot . can't afford to have it go down in my shop .
it has made a great inprovement on my machine it can realy help on detailed projects given you the ability to shine light where its realy needed with no glare
gotta have these when your old ones wear out . not a bad price for the mileage you get out of them . thanks .
must have item for a leatherman . if you want to use bit and require an extender this is a must have .
worth every dime . metal construction , great fit and finish . doesn't leak when shut off . makes it easy to lather up then rinse off .
if you are looking for just a metric tape measure this is the one to order . large numbers makes it easy to read .
the drive 90 right angle drilling and driving tool is a quality built product that allows acces to tight places that the drill would never reach without .
these are the best money spent can't beat the price either get them before they run out . very strong tho
excellent product in case of emergencies , however it is slightly a pain to use for precise work as the handle is uncomfortable to twist with at times .
so far so good . sturdy enough for use with light-weight hand truck . will wait and see how well this works over time .
did a good job for about 1 year then just stopped working . i know it didn't cost much but 1 year was very disappointing .
good for work light . but wish i had gotten one with a bit smaller diameter . otherwise it is well built and the price is right .
these are great bits . last longer and are harder to round off than any other i have used ( bosch , dewalt , etc . )
i just placed another order to have a spare one . amazon is currently selling them at around $ 12 ( total ) ott-light is great light !
fine for what ever you want to use them for . i wouldn't use them to hold anybody's guts in .
tiny ... fits into a altoids survival tin . i am sure if i had nothing else it would be a life saver ...
lighted ends nice . thick wire and heavy duty . will stay coiled up for weeks.cons could be longer . blue is weird color .
beautiful little brush ; moves smoothly ; flexible rubber handle makes painting easier ; good for small spaces
i expected a lot more from the fein tool , it would be one of the best tools i own but the blades are junk and expensive .
this is a great piece of craftsmanship ! it is a snug fitting device , well constructed , and is dependable . must buy !
product looks and works wonderful ! took out the plastic washer for a stronger flow . great value for a basic showerhead .
the flexibility is perfect to actually be able to do something ! it is for light to moderate protection while still able to work thus perfect !
these are so ecomical without looking cheap . they look great against white or cream cabinets and i couldn't find hardware that looks that good any cheaper .
these seem to be well built and easy to install . no problems yet and doesn't get caught on the bar .
good on cement , like driveway and garage , handle a little long for a short person . weights less than corn type and does not leave behind bristles .
the rubber wiper shriveled up after only a few months in storage and became ineffective . also , the mounting rivets rusted
they are just as ty are described and work fine thus no complaints from me and i would recomment them , work great on anything ,
needed if you want to use prefilter . if you want to use particulate filter only you need 3m filter adapter 603 .
i pasted a small flower sticker over the light . they work perfectly to light my kitchen counter . i have 4 .
basic welding clamps . they do the trick for purposes intended . i'm just a garage wire feed welder , small projects etc ... everything worked fine on the
strap feels secure haven't used the clip for hat though.overall bright light for the money , ajusts very easily . no complaints .
works great and its small enough to keep in my husbands apron pocket so its always there when you need it .
it is just like the original and was very happy to find both of the wrenchesgood buy and well worth the money .
bought this flash light to mount on my ar 15 so impressed with it . gonna buy a nother one for around the house
exactly what my tool pack needed--precise side-cutter that did not break the bank ( pbtools version spoiled me but is too pricey for casual usage ) .
what i like about dewalt dw2505 rapid load holder it's it is good quality tool and very easy to use
do you want 1/32 inch wide ( resaw ) holy for inlay work ? this blade is great for those fine cuts on a table saw .
got for my son for xmas and he was glad to get such a good set of tools knowing he never had a problem with bosch
what more do i have to say ? i purchase 2 of this remote . they are great . see my other comment .
the rubber covers slip easily . i see trouble down the road when they finally fail . i would not buy again .
it fell a part the first time i used it .. but i fixed it with a screw through the head in to the handle
i bought this light to save on energy cost and the plus part about it is a use way less watts but get more light then i use to .
i bought two of these . they work great . i have a habbit of closing the lid . no more slamming the toilet seat !
i just bought this for projects around the house ... i haven't had any issues with this item . i've owned this for about a year now ...
as a tool it is okay ! but the torque available is very very less , making it difficult to work in mild wood itself .
great holder for large flash light . it keeps and holds the flash light just right . i'm using a large flashlight and it doesn't fall out .
great product by 3m . used all last year for grass cutting with a commercial mower . it definitely does the job .
not expecting much for the price .. it seems to id cat 5 lines fine and so far for our needs seems to work
this was the exact replacement battery and i paid about half of what the local hardware store wanted for it .
great product - saved us from flooding a second floor bathroom - worth every penny - bought 10 for the house
bought this for my backyard rock fountain . now i can turn it off @ on thru the glass slider . this product is a must have .
no problems with this device . it replaced a brand new dewalt model which had a weak beam in lighted conditions .
this little litefuze lamp looks really great in my backyard and really stays on for a long time changing it's pattern of lights .. really a nice outdoor ornament ..
it's a plastic top ( seat ) that fits on a bucket . not much to be said except that it's reasonably comfortable on my rather large behind .
lock did not opened after second time . now i need to return it for a refund . good idea but bad execution
get the dewalt charger . the b & d products are cheap and do not last very long at all . when you buy , get a double charger .
works great . small size--big amount of heat . portable . travels well.recommend if you need safe heat and want small size .
love this thing . definitely makes screwing in drywall screws short work and prevents the screws from flying away while trying to get them to bite !
flashlight technology is underappreciated but awesome . this light is small and very bright . would recommend this to anyone and everyone .
seemed to be well made . work just fine . very easy to install . not much else to say about this fixture .
this led replacement bulb made the small flashlight brighter and now the batteries last several times longer . i recommend this bub .
if you need a glue gun , this glue gun has done the job for me . seems like a very versatile and reliable glue gun .
this tool has saved me countless times for installing door jams , electrical boxes , molding etc . gets into extremely tight spaces for cuts with minimum waste .
i used this for a party with the markers i got . it was a good time for all . good price .
nice handheld lamp that has lots of lumens to light up the night . touch button allows on-off , dimmer , and blink .
have purchased 3 of these , after 18 months one no longer close sofly and another cracked . will no longer purchase kohler .
these knives are super sharp . their construction is very solid and they have a great look to them . wooden handle has a good feel .
these are great gloves . very heavy duty to do heavy lifting and moving . my wife of course loves the pink color .
great price for a quality product , . performs and meets or exceeds all oem specifications , i would definitely recommend this to others .
light weight affordable ... cuts down the glare of the sun ... so it perfect for those outdoor task in the sun plus it looks good , stylish comfortable
any of these kinds of accessories eventually get used and they work . i have not used them so far , but not much has been happening with my handtools
batteries are performing well . excellent buy . the ac delco batteries that i bought online and very much in date do not hold a candle to these .
easy to set the desired length and place where appropriate . it is not an ' eye-sore ' and keeps frigid temps at bay . definitely a keeper !
i have used these a couple times and have had absolutely no misfires or jams or anything . you can't ask for anything more than that ! ! !
zircon is the leader in this type of product for a reason . it is very easy to use especially with the video which is included on dvd .
the most used tool for car fastener removal . strong and works great . a must for 12 volt installers.should last for decades .
great for my components that need turning off and on without having to unplug . good sleek design . they will help save power usage .
makes it a lot easier to locate the right breaker and identify the other branch outlets as well . worth the cost
it cuts smooth and clean . i'm using it in a 20v panel saw and have cut 2x8s and smaller with it without any problem . nice blade !
my son likes this soldering iron . i bought this for his birthday at a good price , so i'm happy too .
i don't know much about plumbing but the guy that put this in had no complaints so i guess it is a good assembly .
2nd one i purchased as the previous one didn't last too long . connectors to the bowl began to crack so had to replace it .
i think it's working because water comes from it has bubbles . i don't know how to tell water quality , but system should be fine .
this product works great , seems heavy duty enough . no complaints on this one , seems to work well enough . buy it !
heavier than i expected , but that gives it better feel than other similar products i've used . tested against known angles , spot on .
good quality . i heavily abused it , and it held up . nothing bent or broke . this is excellent quality for the money .
and it does that very well with the tapered hone . the knife sharpeners are a good bonus , and wide enough for most blades .
great screwdriver set for small jobs . they are high quality and should last me a long time . great variety of screwdrivers .
a metcal would be nicer but much more expensive . parts for the hakko are available at local industrial tool supply stores unlike the weller i used before .
another great led bulb only way to go when you get 20 + years life and pay back is the best out there and no mercury to worry about
i have had panasonic bathroom fans before . this one is also very quiet . i installed a timer on it to have it automatically turn off .
cuts great but bent and kinked , now crooked . not as good a steel as i thought it would be .
nice mini multi tool , not heavy , fits in many purses , pockets , glove compartment , consoles and drawers . all tools work as described !
the helmet arrived on time & was what i expected . at that price i was surprised at the quality . it works just fine .
i used these staples to bound ethernet cabling to the inside of drywall so it would not move around . it fit over the cable flawlessly .
easy to install . now the dog can't turn off the motion sensor when she's jumping near the door . might buy some more .
this is just an awesome router . have gotten to use it only a little but love it . you will too .
very low profile . i used the router with and without this and there is a huge difference . doesn't really block your view , highly recommend .
ever have a hard time finding nail clippers that work on thick nails or for elderly hands ? these are cheap , have great great grips and sharp .
product was probably defective but was awkward and dangerous . the movement of the blade was faulty .
you can't beat the name , just need to find it for the right price . nothing else compares to this wrench , i've used many .
what a great , sharp and compact saw . makes quick work of cutting down tree branches . the price isn't bad either ;)
this case is ideal for carrying a fluke vom and some small tools to the job . plenty of storage for extra probes ans spare jumper wires .
this is a heavy duty clamp . easily adjustable . it is well made and very solid . i plan on buying a couple more
this tool is essential and i am glad i finally found one . works great and sets nails without a hammer .
good , comprehensive kit . made putting up the film easy and quick . everything you need to tint the windows in your home .
i bought these to use with a new porter-cable impact driver . they are really good quality tools ! you really can do no better if for the price !
its as good as the other reviews say it is . it does get tripped up on metal / flashing , but what sensor doesn't .
this is pricey but worth it - it is not cast but rather milled with a lathe . kohler does fine quality work .
i needed something to put some valuables in and this book safe was perfect for what i needed . recommend it to everyone
well constructed . good materials , has many inside pockets , worth the price , compare to the other cases found in retail stores .
i've used these for various purposes and they've held up to the beating fairly well . the release latch is also easy to operate .
pros : easy to set up ; good instructions ; well made ; durable ; will last a long time.cons : none
seems to be built just as well as the last air gap and cover i had . price was okay . nice stainless steel cover replaces the chrome one .
brighter than my 300 - watt that hasn't burnt out in my old lamp that i purchased in 1998 . two floor lamps really light up a room .
we bought this when we remodeled our kitchen . it works perfectly.we haven't needed to replace the battery after almost 10 months now .
nice pliers that work well , only wish the return springs were a little stronger but they will not fail for intended use
this thing performs like you would expect it to , it's high quality and prob the best / economical option of a 23 gauge pin nailer
this flashlight is bright . i like that i can clip it to my shirt then walk around in the dark .
this was very easy to put together and looks very sharp . i bought this to use with my dw735x planer .
this is a nice tool and heats up fast and seems to hold the temp well . to bad it is not safe for food prep .
this soap pump works exactly as described . it looks very nice as well . the brushed nickel finish matches our sink perfectly .
this is the second one i have bought and it works excellent . i have owned the rechargable maglite since 1995 .
to use all days around is waht is necessary because it carries a sharpener four every type os blade ! good purchase .
a great product , light weight , easy to handle , plenty of torque , the lithium ion battery outlasts any battery powered tool i have ever owned .
pretty heavy unit for one person to install on a ten foot ceiling.my only complaint is that it's quite a bit noisier than i'd anticipated .
i do ripping and gluing of boards in my wood working . i can really torque down on these while gluing the boards .
good price for such a good product ! i enjoy using dewalt tools and plan to buy from these guys again !
i am happy with the quality , i am pretty sure i have to replace the bulbt often but i am happy with the product and color
this kit is nice but very expensive just go to harbor freight and get on there it is much less with items you would rather have .
comfortable , stay put , good protection and tolerable magnification sections . i have used several bifocal safety glasses and these are one of the best .
install was super easy . the filter lasts 6 months and it's only $ 10 to replace . the water seems much softer and easier on my skin .
this is good , but i don't like to write for this at amazon.this is good , but i don't like to write for this at amazon .
very good tool . plenty power for around the house requirements . horribly deficient use directions . at this price it should come with basic bits .
this is a heavy duty mixer that looks well made . there were a number out there that appear cheap . should last a long time .
well constructed but somewhat pricey . converts wrenches to quick connect drivers in an instant . i would love it at an $ 8 price point .
this bag is heavy duty and lots of space to put multiple drills , screw guns etc . made of a canvas material .
same product as home depot but usually at a better price . definitely a big upgrade from using a paper mask !
i bought this set for my dewalt impact and have used most of the sockets and they seem to be built very well
in my area , it's hard to find double-ended phillips / slotted bits for my drill gun . these are perfect for the job .
nice , little , bright ( red ) flashlight.super duper bright light for the money.everyone should buy a few for their family .
they fit well , they arrived well packaged with no swelling , and at this price , they're almost a steal
how much can you say about a gauge other then it is well made , sturdy , easy to read , and will last a long time .
nice flashlight for the price . very bright . the down side is you have to buy the rechargeable batteries for it .
anything else and this thing walks all over the place.perhaps i haven't bought the correct bits , but i use my oscillating tools that are more to my liking
is good to use unfortunately , is not the way i expected it to be , because of the magnet is not all the tool can work with .
to be used with my two flood lights . i made the purchase for backups . instead of ordering later i made one order for the future .
can't tell you the people who have seen this in the house and asked where i got it - - - excellent light
after a while they malfunction and keep going off and on . too bad i liked the product .
cheap but they are bright . i would recommend as a cheap flashlight to keep around when you need some light . . .
easy to fit and use without big tools . no leaks so far . can't say its better or worse than anything else .
powerful and long distance beam ! unbelievable that you can get such power from a couple of household aa batteries . the future is very interesting .
excelent , i did cut some materials and works excelent , aluminium , leather , slim plywood , is usefull and ergonomic
nice if you can use and have need for many . i can recommend to others as an excellent product and a replacement for wood
little giant 12106 revolutionxe ladder leg levelerthis item works exactly as advertised and is very useful . buy two so that you can level both a-frame pairs .
scotch long lasting moving & storage packaging tape , 1.88 inches x 54.6 is sticky and holds ! hasn't failed me yet . scotch quality !
this item is the same as what you can buy at ace hardware for the same price . i am very satisfied with this purchase .
purchased 2 of these bags , one for my jumper cables and one for my power inverter cables . good construction and size for all .
ordered and using 3 of them as vanity lights in master bath . need more . + all my g7 bulbs still work
looks great ! ! ! very to install , however i wish the screws were longer , i have to find some longer one to install on thicker cabinets
very sturdy and accurate tool . can be stood on edge to check saw blade angle . the square is a must be any shop .
the clamp works great for adding face frames to your cabinet project . works great with the pocket hole jig from kreg .
i would but this again . it's holding up pretty well in the workshop and it's a must if you're over 40 and in denial .
nice and handy light . there is something wrong with the switch , keeps on flicking . bad contact ? otherwise , very good for my computer desk .
techni edge #11 hobby blades - 100 pack are nice quality blades for any hobby use , sharp and straight . good price
i love these screwdrivers . the variety in sizes are great for many items that have small screws . i find myself using these handy screwdrivers quite frequently .
i am a pilot , and this is my favorite flashlight for preflighting at night . it's small form factor combined with brightness is perfect . i
good sturdy tool box . i use it to hold trays filled with fasteners . so the load is heavy , but this box handles it .
great for organizing fasteners , small tools , bits , etc . clip on side is nice , but wish it was a small metal carabiner instead .
cheap and uncomfortable . scratched up after one use . should have guess it from beginning . have bought a good set of goggles since .
this is another excellent blade . i have rated them several times . you may wish to view others for fuller review . i recommend these knives .
so very much better than a couple of 6x2s stuck between a couple of ladders . used it as a work space putting together a 20 ' flag pole .
i was surprised about how powerful the bulbs are , great for a dimmer light where brightness is sometimes needed for close work .
i got this blade for cutting trim work and it does an excellent job . nice clean cuts ! hopefully it lasts awhile too !
except the switch is a little hairy by which i mean it does works cosistantly , it goes on and off when it feels like it
using it for five months now . my son loves its quietness . now we all sleep a bit better . nicly made too .
i love that kreg came out with driver bits have a shank . it makes my work so much easier and loading it into the drill faster .
works as advertised , handy to use , not diffiuclt to set up and prepare , i like this edge guide a lot .
powerful drill , works great but stops very fast when battery runs out . even though battery recharges in half an hour thinking of ordering a second battery .
great " household " bits.not for industrial use but perfect for small tasks around the home.got a drill ? need basic bits !
i had my doubts , but this stapler works great - - and i did use surebonder staples as recommended . and what a great price !
these z-wave thermostats are work great and seem very reliable and built solidly . they were very easy to wire as well .
this is well made . much better than the old hf one i've had and was frustrated with . you should get one .
it's the best tool i've ever bought , just don't excpect to cut a long pice of wood with it , it won't work .
fits battery good . works good . nice for around the house to keep your phone or other davices charged . h h
this thermostat is reliable and can be operated anywhere in the world where an internet connection is available . the unit is easily installed and programmed .
good batteries . like most products that you will get from portercable . it does seem as though the chargers malfunction quite a bit .
these lights are only ok i had to repair the loose wires to make it work and hope that it will work for a while
works good what else can i say about it other than is weatherproof and wish i had got a few more good price too
the screw on reflector is not very sturdy so just be careful not to handle it by the reflector when installing it .
very convenient and useful drill , and driver too ! more important is don't get hot easily as other model from other brands
this is a very good light bulb , no complains , works as advertised in every aspect , i am happy with it
maybe mine is just too dry , but it falls apart if i try to apply it to anything harder than a sponge .
3m cannot be beat for quality mailing and storage tape . good price from amazon .
kidde kn-cosm-b battery-operated combination carbon monoxide and smoke ... it works perfectly , sensitive , and exactly . will buy it again , thank you .
makes it so easy to change different sized accessories as this chuck elimates needing the wrench and colettes . works the same way as a larger drill .
fit well and are good quality . definitely recomment . use these for chainsawing , mowing , and lathe turning . i definitely would recommend this product .
wonderful little gadget , the price was almost unbelievable . ordered another one as a gift after i got the first one . well packaged and nice little case .
got this to work with kreg pocket hole kit and it works great . why aren't more screws square head ? seems less likely to strip out .
i picked up the bosch t5002 blades to go with this . it cuts quickly and , if you check the settings , very smoothly .
please save your money . newspaper bags are stronger and more durable than this product . i ended up opening it up and throwing it in the trash .
i have wanted to replace my old hacksaw . this one looks great and works well . like the smaller size . brand-name is stanley
i bought these for my little one when we ride on the tractor or at the race . they fit me and his 2 year old head .
doors either stall or slam depending on where you set them . there seems to be a very small sweet spot .
well , masks are never really comfy but these are as close as you can get . i will definitely buy another box if i use these up .
product arrived on time and in good condition . i have used it for joining several table tops and have found it to be very easy to use .
a well balanced and convenient miniature hammer . comfortable grip with the full advantage of getting the necessary stroke in a restricted space .
threads on the tips do not fit tight and could be blown off so be careful . found a better set at lowes for $ 1.50 less .
easy to set up , but a little messy to clean the rust preventative stuff . i look forward to lots of tenons
awesome and worth the money . good build quality , light tells you it has power , beefy for heavy duty tools .
good quality , good value . there are many available , this is a good starter for me . i would recommend this item
this template definitely makes it a lot quicker and easier to prepare doors for hanging .
i just got it and it seems to work well , it is a little slow to heat up , but does the job . i like the different tips
good cutters for wire rod and heavier wire . action is nice and hope the blades will hold up to continued use .
got mine for the leatherman wave along with the 931009 bit driver extension . i carry the wave everyday and these additions make it a much more versitile tool .
very reliable except when you put a doormat that will calculate water from rain . then it will give you false alarm . all the time
arrived dented - metal is flimsy . top heavy and clamp doesn't keep it upright very well .
replaced a cheap step stool very sound and sturdy feel good standing on it and it will not fall over folds up well also for storage
orbit brass hose quick connect set 58117 better than the plastic ones and as good as other metal connecters are .
these are stout , well made mallets . the three sizes in this set fit my needs exactly . i believe they will last forever .
good quality at great price . some of equal quality are much more expensive . yes i would recommend . shipped out quickly .
must have in any garage , anyone who has an air compressor in their garage must have one of these 18 piece tool accessory
kreg face clamps are the best . i use them all the time . kreg products are very quality and every kreg thing i own is wonderfully useful .
excellent sanding sealer in a convenient spray can great for small jobs . for sealing under lacquer finishes this is really good stuff .
for the 18volt makita cordless vacuum . i know have 2 of these and will buy another for my rv .
a nice set of well made chisels that i use for my work area . they're durable and won't break anytime soon .
excellent mig pliers , they are great for the home handy man , or professional . the price is great as well . would recommend these pliers
great accessory for the tool . works well but the hook pad wears out easily . go lightly and keep the paper fresh to extend pad life .
just received the psi drill chuck and it's everything they said it was ... great product for a reasonable price ... psi woodworking does it again ! ! !
i'm just getting into doing woodworking projects and this thing is amazing ! so simple , so easy , and joints are strong .
products are well made , this is no exception . the vinyl covering keeps this from scratching surfaces , would be hard to cut this
i use this tool more than any other very light lots of power its a winner a must buy i thinking about buying another for a friend its that good
easy to install , perfect fit and works like a charm.all parts included : valve , fill tube , fill tube clip , water intake hardware for different pipe materials
zwave compatiable home exterior door lock . easy to install and program . i like all of the features like smart key iphone access and key pad access .
very good price for such a small lights and they last long i personally love them , i use them when i walk doing the night
this tool is enough for your solderer joints but you need to take car of the heat applied to your joint and you could loose the board copper.thanks .
i installed these under my cabinets and under some shelves in my cabinets . i keep knives , scissors , etc on them and they work well .
this is used on the kitchen sink and i bought this as a replacement for the previous grohe hose that lasted almost 20 years .
great way to be able to use much less expensive bulbs and have more options for cf and led bulbs .
you could park mini cooper on this , just be careful not to crush it with all the force this jaw horse puts out .
facilitates the work of cutting large panels and is fast , and not expensiveuse it once and liked by manageable
it's nice for my multi-tool , quick and ease to add and to remove . it will be cool if they selling it same time together ...
i bought this to replace a burned out bulb , it was easy to install and now the light works perfect
i've already used this many times at work and am very happy i bought it . it fits well without wanting to slip and seems nice & sturdy .
makes for easly centering for router bases . its comes out perfect every time with no hassles . a must have for any router
perfect for oddly positioned vents . robust and with multiple configurations . i'm surprised box stores don't sell these all over , extremely versatile design .
i carry this in my shirt pocket and they are really handy to have on you . i would recommend them to anyone
never saw anything like this . they work very well . quick lock type bits that will fit anywhere . super price too .
have to see how these work out but have been very good so far as a backup set glad i bought them
i got this for my wheel . i haven't used it yet , so i can't judge it yet . it is well made . sw
worth the money , but add the 4553 upgrade kit and it really makes a great jig . east setup and great quality product .
good batteries every single one was there , , cant judge on the life span yet , , but good deal .. time will tell ..
i have used these tweezers for some jewelry repairs and these make it easy to place things where they need to be without fighting magnetism .
this is a decent mailbox for the money and was a little cheaper than home depot and lowes for a basic box . seems like it will last .
yes . i bought this so that i could use the bits when my skeletool was closed , and it does exactly that .
tried this becasue of the gold box special . wish i hadn't ! placed one in a small closet and it barely illuminated . retunred for a refund .
very reliable . only downside would be the size but having the onboard led is handy for troubleshooting since it will show you any insteon traffic on the network .
how much can you say about a level ? it's level and gets the job done . the price was right so i bought it .
great if you dont use them all day . if you do , you already know that you want the name brand ones . see the sae for more .
this alpha fry am31406 cookson elect 40/60 electrical rosin core seems ot do the job well on my speaker connections
i wasn't looking forward to learning to solder when installing led lights . these eliminated the need . very nice tool for us .
works sooooooooo much better than the cheapies.in this case , higher price = much higher quality.strongly recommend .
it's a must have if you have a k3 kreg . i gave it 4 stars because i think it's over priced ... at least when i got it
i built a drill press table . i used these with an incra t track to hold down stuff . work great . comes with everything needed .
these are a good basic alarm and from a well known company . they are easy to install and are small enough to locate anywhere .
good price on the batteries and the date codes were current . have had good luck with how long they have lasted so far .
i bought this to use in my truck . it worked not . i got no charge from it even when the truck was running .
see this item in youtube , buy it because of the brand.after using it , it's performed as what was said in youtube .
this product works very well it has it pros and cons like other clamps but for the projects at hand it works well i going to order a couple more
i have been using this cutter for several years with great results.highly recommended for your rotary tool arsenal . :)
does what it's made to do , good price and fast service , if this is the size and type you need you will do fine buying this .
stands up well . a very nice safety feature for a low price.we ' ve had this quite awhile now and it works fine .
perfect addition to my router table , making it safer and easier to control . no more fumbling around to turn the router on or off .
no complaints . not top notch quality but they work well enough and do the job . for the price , i'd say buy .
my fault i missed this in the description . lighted at the female connector , which ( for me ) is annoying and wastes a little power .
pluses : - nice looking - comfortable to wearminuses : - they fog from perspiration - seems like they scratch quite easily
these are great little items ! these work just great although the adhesive isnt very strong as it fell off in 24 hours . otherwise works great
i wish i had more of this . i used it to wrap my duct work but its too thin to use for actual floor or attic insulation .
it ' s ok for now . i will check back later on after a few months of using it to see how well it last .
this is one great drill and the batteries exchange with all my other dewalt battery tools . i was happy to find it at the ptice .
i work alone and this square enables me to measure without help " at the other end " . it's well made and i'd buy it again .
this bostitch gun shoot these one inch finish nails very nicely . the brads work perfectly and no jams or misfires . works perfectly .
what's better than a milwaukee sawzall ? one with a pivoting handle and a cool fitting case ! i love it !
made secure connections between 14 gauge wires , it still seems like the engineering of these connectors are pretty primative and cumbersome .
fits perfectly on delta midi lathe . very well made easy to use and helps when regular spur drive is not appropriate .
it looks like a lot of padding but when you make a fist , the padding spreads apart leaving little protection
they all work great .. ordered the last one for my son's house and it's fine ... not a thing wrong with it .
i'm using this for an under-cabinet light in a pantry . it's wired into a switch and works fine . i'd buy another .
so far it seems decent i.ll need a couple of weeks to pip that downd-keep wathching - 1 2 3 4 5
great for quick placement of dowel pins , fairly straight forward and has drill bushings to reduce wear and increase accuracy .
how do you rate a beam level ? i give it 5 starts because is well built and its sturdy feel , also looks great
these tap sockets are a very good time saver when you are chasing threads and cutting new threads . i actually have the larger set also .
a very good looking finish on this handleset and the parts are heavy and the mechanics work smoothly .
this is my second , first i gave to an engineer friend , if you wnat to know ac draw and cumulative kwh on a socket get oen of these
i needed these to finish a project . i searched everywhere , locally and online , and found just the right hasps here on amazon . good price
this right angle attachment holds the bits securely and turns quite smoothly , unlike another brand . with a short bit , it can get into a small space .
i use tehm everywhere and with condifence that they will carry the electric load . i use tehm everywhere in the house
my son likes this electrical kit . i bought this for his birthday at a good price , so i'm happy too .
using this channellock long nose plier just reminds me of how quality tools makes work smooth ! it's strong and blue grip is comfortable
this product is great for our niches . saves us money too ! what more can i say about this product that will meet the minimum word count ...
these are nice to have . never know what size you are going to need . can go from 1/2 to 1/4 pretty easily with these adapters
works great for cfls . after that it's performing great and cfls are burning 3-4 hours a night on my outside lights .
it's difficult to buy any type of glasses with the user being there . this was a safety gift for a 12 year old and they worked .
it is exactly what i expected . quality is nice and it's easy to read . i'm very satisfied .
i was pleased with quality . extra strong in the right places . good finish and fit well . i am pleased with it .
used once already and just ordered . seems to be good quality . the snap on the case seems weird though . i like them anyway .
what can you write about this stuff ? the title says it all . it works . it was inexpensive . 3 more words to go . there !
perfect replacement for the on deck motion detector fixture and saves lots of energy to , have a brigter light in dark .
this glue bottle is an improvement over the standard ones . it is easy to use and the enclosed glue tips allow for small or wide dispensing of glue .
like it ... but wont work 4 me in my mobile home in my applacation ... this is an add on to skylink base unit
and my daughter loves it . it's especially great for throwing a defined circle of light on a wall or the ceiling for making shadow figures .
nice , well made tool . it feels like a solid peice and looks like it will last a long time . excellent price compared to other companies .
great for saving money on your electric bills , heavy duty construction . easy to install , detailed instructions . reliable unit that deliveres what it says .
the rugged part at the bottom is amazing it's so convenient to prevent slippage if you hold it with your fingers . it's perfect .
this helmet is great quality for the home owner and professional welder , would recommend this to buy , price is right and the qualty is great .
this is a very good flash light , i would buy this product again . a + to maglite for making this product .
the nest is expensive but we are saving a lot of money because when we are not home this turns down the ac or heat automatically .
great product , although i wish it came with a cfl rather than a halogen lamp . hope to replace the bulb with cfl when it blows .
i use this on the farm to cut and repair broken equipment . i own two of them.simply put i would buy another if needed .
i use this belt to hold my holster and 5 lb hammer . it distributes the weight very well without discomfort .
i use it around where my computer is and it keeps my legs warm while i using it , it nice
this is a good value three way light . the only downside is the plastic is cheap and a bit warped .
i bought these because of price and dident think that they would work as good as they do . these babies cut .
this is a nice high quality sink at an excellent price . my wife and i are very happy with this purchase .
this worked fine . if my drain clogs , i guarantee you it's hair . this is great for grabbing the hair clogs before they get too far .
honestly it's a little gross to pull up all the crap out of the drain with this . yuck ! it really works !
it's just a wall cover but the screws have retainers so they don't fall down while you are screwing them in--nice touch !
this is a small ... about 6 " flashlight . but ut packs a punch of light ... comes with e batteries and a carry case
freud makes a quality blade - chip out is minimal using a zero clearance insert .
no more rust spots from our dishes touching metal prongs in our dishwasher . you must shake it well as per instructions .
it's a co detector . what can you say ? i just wish i had waited until the new units were available with the 10 year battery .
works great for my electric mower.the only issue i have is that it is so thick it won't wrap into the cord wrap / holder .
this dust collection adapter is great . i use it all the time now because it helps to see exactly what your doing .
so far , these have worked great . i kind of wish that they were a little longer , but over all , i am happy with my purchase .
great ladder to use around the house . built well and is very sturdy ! folds up nicely and doesn't need much storage space .
i just dont light the cool white , its soooo bright and whitethe light bulb is a well made light bulb
this was a gift for my son . he says it works pretty well , and doesn't cool down the iron tip .
these are a great way to make it possible to use your regular sockets and the price is right . i would recommend .
pros : fits bosch 12v max drivers and impactor tools.cons : could have been designed to fit also left handed personal .
great value . came promptly . perfect for when you need a heavy duty extension for things like electric chainsaws ( my use )
another great product from channellock , no one has a better action on pliers . glad to see them branching out to more specialized tools .
looking good but kinda cheap toy to play with - i just get the switch upgrated and put led but paid to the gunsmith to make it fit ... ;)
a good little light for little money , it was worth the money . recommended you buy a few , and great for a gift .
pros :p owerful tools . good quality of led lights . compact size.long battery cycle . fast charging.bosch as bosch should be.cons :d id not find any .
well made and a real problem solver . only bends about 20degrees but they work well , good enough for work where bending is not necessary .
2009 chevy suburban and they work great . the only down side is that chevy makes them not easy to get to .
hooked that up to the ceiling bathroom fan ... great buy . does the job .. easy to adjust . easy to use .. aesthetically pleasing ..
zips through plastic pipe , thin plastic sheet , other difficult-to-cut materials . what more can you say about a little circular saw blade ? mind your fingers !
i bought this to replace one . works great , can't do without it , for all the chores i have to do around here .
excellent little catx stripper . not adjustable but , so far , i haven't needed to adjust it for any cable i've worked with .
inexpensive , fun tool . bought mine to find areas of heat loss in my old house . as far as i can tell the temp is accurate .
this tool is the most important attachment in dremel's inventory . all users should get one
works great . very comfortable and quality made mask . i'd recommend this to anyone dealing with sprays / chemicals for small home projects or as a contractor .
this is very nice but the cracks in it have me considered as they seem way more than any other piece i have bought from this company
i buy this piece tools i love it i use ever and not have problem and fit in all tools
the focus works very well . it is not 400 lumens but its a lot brighter than other flashlights that are at this price . seems well built .
really like these . use in kitchen and all other can lights , great instant on lights .
i run the pump daily without fault . i move the water quietly and quickly . it also clears the sump within less than an inch . good value .
my husband keeps this in his apron at all times at work . so it is always right there when he needs it . great price also .
not much to say about this , pretty simple product . cheaply made so i will see how long it holds up but for now its fine .
a basic simple tool for getting the job done . nothing special , just basic and a step up from electrical tape .
nice drill set and the case is perfect for keeping drills organized . there is a bit holder with bits and case that pops out .
i purchased this to go with my aoyue 937 + digital soldering station . buy it , you will never go back to a wet sponge again !
works great but be ware cord is short so it might be to close to outlet to hang properly.but as far as remote and working its fine .
it works as advertised . pretty bright illumination for what it is . easy enough to install if you have a ladder and a drill .
how do you go wrong paying 5 bux for these ? nice variety and seem to be easily worth the asking price .
finally a decent scraper . now if i could find more of the heavy duty blades like the one that came with this scraper ...
once i explained how this seat works with some friends , they were all quite impressed by it and liked it .
this kit makes changing templates on the router so much easier than the current system i have been using . nice case to keep everything organized .
great kit . if freeded up a lot of room but more importantly i'm now organized . good construction , can wall mount
the price is so low i was skeptical . the price was also so low i ordered two and am glad i did . great little light .
really does cut cleaner than a straight bit . i have been happy with every freud product i have ever bought .
i wish it were brighter . a great idea and the high power magnets are awesome , but with it had more light output .
not a true perfect 90 degree , really close though . also no very heavy duty . it's handy though . for the price it's ok though .
what can i say , this is a combo pack if dewalt blades . the product speaks for itself , good variety to choose from
they do fog up on me . maybe house was too hot or i was working too hard ... but comfortable and fit well
wonderful even sanding with various grits of sandpaper . well worth the money . i would recommend it to a friend . great machine tool .
no problems here . the unit went right into place and operates as well as can be expected , effiently and quietly .
great selection of bits in a durable carry case . they stay sharp for a long time as long as you dont overheat them .
started out great , then it started flickering all the time . put in different lamps , same thing . guess i'll keep looking .
a very good light for the price . i have got many of these after older the first one .
i use this punch frequently to mark a starting place to drill . it works very well . it is a good value .
three high-quality 1/2- inch extensions for about what you'd expect to pay for one . they're rugged and have a good finish . a welcome addition to the toolbox .
i needed a small square to align my scroll saw table . this was just the ticket and at a good price .
this is a quality set at a quality price . they work great no issues at all . worth the money all the way .
i used to keep my gun cleaning liquids organized and under my benc out of the way . great item plano makes good stuff
i have a regular wall 2 - outlet that could use some expansion and this no frill outlet fits the bill just fine .
most variety out of any set i've seen . average quality . had bits i needed to fix my nintendo we . very happy with it .
good life ... good price ... if you use these you will be pleased as long as you use a shade as they are small and bright .
the finish on these locks really stand up to the weather . you just cannot beat a master lock . these are great locks .
i use this saw all the time and it is one of the best power tools that i use daily .
great little tool , get edge on knife then sharpen with stone . got 3 of them . love them & good price .
the blades work great ... they are very elastic so they bend but don't break during use.good value for the price paid
these bits broke faster than other good quality bits i have had . good thing they give you a lot of them .
hello everyone , this works great , and is simple to use . i give it 5 stars.ciao , thomas
this tool does the job without excessive noise or heat and for less money . it comes with a few accessories , and all bosch accessories work with it !
purchased this pump to drain water that occasionally fills the basement of an old barn . works well , haven't had any problems in the past three months .
very well made , exactly what expected . smooth operation open and close highly recommended to anyone who needs mt2 taper chuck .
bright low energy light bulbs for a great price over any retail store . i haven't had them in for long but hopefully they last for a few years .
came without screw for battery cover.tc ' s do not read accurately.it is a toy.cheaply made and not what i expected.one of the tc's reads erratically .
solid construction of latches and hooks . they hold up well to heavy use and abuse in the back of a trailer .
had to return this unit as it did not provide sufficient surface contact with the jobs i was trying to complete .
if your shopping for a breaker bar then you know the need . this is an excellent choice . high quality and does the job no worries .
it works exactly as described with no problems at all . setup is easy . it is inexpensive and does the job .
after mounting , preliminary checks show that zero adjustment is required . near the center of the light , is the also the proper sight picture for my shotgun .
theyr'e small enough for the car , and come with a very strong bracket that can be secured almost anywhere in your'e car or trunk
a well made and interesting tool , sadly too big to fit in firefighting bunker gear . but a good multito prybar
buy this , never look back . so handy i can't even start to tell you how awesome this is .
i like the quality of the product . i will buy another this product and model . it works pretty good on my three bathroom .
love these good quality great price and functions well ... simple install and you are good to go ... get these they could save your life ... its important
this was a gift for our son in law a couple of years ago . as far as i know he liked it
bought these for my kids to wear when shooting their bb gun . fit both a 7 and 4 year old fine .
nice bag , works for what we needed them to do . would like it if they were a bit smaller , but all in a great value
buy this , it is friggin bright ! i love them . for the cost , it is amazing light output . used on my jeep for offroad .
i haven't used it yet but so far everything looks and fits good.this machine fills the gap between a full size saw and a small dremel tool .
bought this for my bathroom . looks great and got a very good deal on it . very easy to install . thank you !
this is much cheaper than home depot , who sells it for $ 17 . this unit provides enough storage for nuts and bolts . it is highly adjustable .
this is one hell of a lot magnet pad make my work easier all the screws stay in the place i just love it .
this chisel works great for removing tile if any type . just wish i had owned one sooner it could have save me hours of work .
great for holding larger objects together for welding or crimping > works great ! the pads are nice for securing parts !
a little too flimsy for my taste , goo for delicate work but not substantial for heavier work like chassis assembly .
' nuff said.just be certain to buy an equally good lock with a shackle that's long enough to accommodate the thick loops of this large diameter cable .
i expected a little better quality than this from dremel , yet this kit is usable and a good value for the money .
was easy to mount and my garage door read it right away . the keypad is lit up at night and it works great .
this product is exactly as advertised , a basic loud whistle and a built in compass . this works well in my emergency kit .
they work . they're cheap . what more can you say ? has to be something , as more words are required to submit review ..
it could be just a little taller . it's fine for me , but my brother is 6 ' 5 " and it's a little short for him .
came in plastic assessable case which an be hung on the wall . great set to have an covers most repair needs for driving roll pins
no cons , and pros wise , is a replacement all you have to do is get rid of the old and install the new . i recommended .
this set of bits covers all of the small screws one encounters it works well and i would recommend to to all
i bought these for my son when he cuts the lawn , but i use them frequently . good sound , very good at cutting out ambient noise .
love this 80 piece set . the price was the best thing about it but it fits well with my drill in my dewalt bag .
i gave 5 of these and have giving other people few they work great and beats paying $ 159.00 on tool truck .
i really like this , but it still makes whatever you're staining darker , so follow the instructions and test it on a spot no one can see .
makes 1 outlet into 2 . stays flat against wall and helps add outlets to tight spaces . low profile and changes the direction of plugs with ease .
great tool box . holds plenty of tools , has removable shelf , and durable . if i ever need another tool box i will defintley buy another .
well priced and the technicians haven't said any bad words about it . if anything is wrong , they are usually pretty quick to say .
everything you need to install your dishwasher at a fraction of what a pro would charge you . steel braded hose gives that added safety against leakage .
holds all my computer repair tools and other electrician gadgets , because it is flexible , it fits where other hard cases couldn't . good and durable material .
everything was as advertised and i have nothing bad to say about the faucet , very heavy durable feel to it and a very nice finish .
this knife is the perfect size . just a little smaller than a standard 3.5 inch blade . heavy duty construction great for everyday . highly recommended .
this is a very fine utility knife . the blade is easy to change and is held securely . the handle is very comfortable .
i needed a nice lamp for a desk in my bedroom . i had been shopping ... and found this one . i love it .
can't get these locally . i have been using these for the past 10 years . glad to find replacements . have tried others but none work as well .
these staples are the very very best around salt water . expensive ... so watch your trigger finger when using an air stapler ! :)
these work ok ... but the bits are pretty cheap . i guess it's better than nothing . i will probably buy a better set next time .
this is a great value , if you want a well built , rechargeable fire extinguisher . rating of 2a10bc . i would recomend .
works great and installs easy . seen these in hardware stores and decided to give it a try . i'd recommend this
works for the xbox 360 , and they seem to be holding up quite well . i've taken apart at least 20-30 times with these .
it's a check valve and does exactly what it is designed to do , but cheaper than buying the identical check valve in the big box stores .
this is thing is awesome . it is bright but not too bright . found this in a store for about $ 12.00 dollars .
what can i say . it's a good produce that works like it was engineered to . i took off a star because the price is a little steep .
seem like good bits for the price.haven ' t had to use them yet.will review after using in my custom cabinet shop ..
i have used my jig saw for many jobs , and it has not disappointed me . i like the lighted area when sawing .
we use this camping in our coleman light . it is really nice not to have to worry about the batts dying .
i use this little gadget on a regular basis . very easy to use and quite accurate . also works with 9 - volt batteries .
works well particularly if you ensure you use rechargeables . motion sensing tech is perfect for nights when the sun drops early . just plain good stuff .
these accesory bags are great for traveling or for work tools , i use them constantly for organizing items for travel and seperating types of tools for work
i was impressed with the quality of the punches . can't tell you how many times these came in handy . a great addition to my workbench
what a honey of a switch ! this switch replaced a half dozen other switches i was using to do the same thing around the house . highly recommended .
does a good job ... i can't get very excited about this product . it does what it says to my complete satisfaction .
making jewelry is my past time and these drills are perfect for drilling through stones . they last a long time . great price
this insulation fits very nicely around the outlets stopping the air flow . this also has some to put around the single light switches .
this product seems good time will tell as to how long it will last . this product has required six more words to submit . this is not necessary .
i have some beefier milwaukee drills , but this one fits the bill for a small size . i've used it for years with no problems .
this gets used on my porter cable buffer . the hooks on the old pad wore out , so i bought this , and it's good as new again .
easy to install and works well . i used this light fixture to light up the entrance to my enclosed porch .
this is an easy install wall-powered smoke detector . it comes with it's own install ring which easily goes up making the alarm itself a simple twist on .
great brand smooth and clean cutting . this is a heavy duty power tool and well made by porter cable . hope it lasts
this holds a flashlight to the bottom of my 92fs . very light weight you can hardly tell if its there .
simple , easy and a darn good idea . this one works as needed and does not take up a lot of time to figure out .
great little lights , motion detection is great , doesn't allow anyone to sneak around though . i put them in a hallway , and i like the results .
will come in handy for repairs and maintenance work around the house or for the car it's really worth it
this is a very nice and long extension cord for the price . it is well made and can handle the juice .
the tools are durable , light weight , doing the job they are made for ... what can i say , excellent tools . i recommend it to everyone .
bought to replace my old transformer so my skybell would function properly , it was easy to install and works as it should .
there inside diameter not outside but for the price a plumber like myself can make most of them work .. i see them more for a woodworker or electrican ...
dewalt always performs i have purchased numerous items like this as stocking stuffers . i would recommend buying it to anyone ,
good faucet filter even though the flow rate is low it does give you filtered water . the 4 replacement filters included makes for a great deal .
low grade chinese crap , spend extra and get a surefire or streamlight product . in the long run , you will be happy you did !
bright , convenient and so far the batteries are lasting pretty good . so far it's just what i wanted . 2 2
last utility knife you will ever have to buy ... holder is a peace of _ _ _ t
i like to give them as gifts . people love them . from the kitchen to the grill out to the garage . you'll be surprised the uses .
these are good wicks for de-soldering . as good as i have purchased in other places and generally a lot less expensive .
this is one of the best flashlights i have come across and i would highly recommend it to everyone ! thank you ! james bolen
the top holds several bits , with a little work it holds more . overall handy and has a lock not just ratchet .
we did a remodel and some of the original black switch overs got cracked when reinstalled . these replacement are perfect .
just handy to have when you need them . not air impact quality but work fine for drills for which they were itended .
a well made little stand . just right for small detailed work , though i may replace the standard toothed alligator clips with smooth jawed ones for delicate work .
seems to be of moen quality and should work fine for the outdoor bath house . i dont expect any issues .
i have not used them much , just when i first got them to check them out . they are comfortable and have a good grip .
large stone is expensive , but given the size , well worth the $ . cuts worn plane and chisel blades nicely.good prep for the fine / medium stone .
get this ! now we can use led or fluorescent bulbs at a fraction of the cost and save on electricity too !
this is a nice mallet for the money and works well for wood carving and chisels . i may buy another one .
small , lightweight , can fit in your pocket . i like the variable beam because it makes this light much more versatile .
it's quality ok , but its huge ! ! ! rubber is soft , but a little cold on touch w / the skin .
used these to hang several 16x20 pieces of art on canvas . they held with no issues , the included ' velcro ' like hangers worked wonderfully for leveling .
yep mine arrived chipped as well . one day they might get the message . all they would need to do is tape the packaging shut
my bed use to slide throughout my room during the night , and now it is finally stuck . these work great and dont mess up your hardwood floors .
same nice little light except where the other light has an on / off button , this one just has the twist top to turn light on / off .
these are well made wrenches that do what they are supposed to do . i plan on purchasing from this manufacturer again . made in germany .
installed for about a week now , and works ok . it is plastic with chrome color , i hope it holds up . will update in 30-60 days
if you're second guessing , don't . i have a had a few ad helmets , more expensive helmets . this one ranks with the best .
haven't had the opportunity to use it yet but i'm expecting it to perform as expected . if it's a bosch , its got to be good ! !
it does a fine job holding screw bits and the guide sleeve helps to steady the screws when you are working in tight quarters or awkward positions .
comfortable grip , easy to adjust , clamps well . works well in holding kreg jigs in place , or just as a clamp on its own .
works good . just need to be very precise on where you place the laser dot and hold it steady on greater distances
it is too bright . it looks much better when it is off than it is on . but it works fine after a year of use .
i have not had the chance to use this one but i know the sander already so that's why i bought it
great addition to the hitachi tools . allows use of the impact driver as a drill for added versitility . recommend for anyones tool box .
easy to hold and just let it do it's work . compact enough to not get in the way as you work .
not top quality ( it's made out of plastic so maybe in the future heat and weather might damage it ) but it is great for the price
fine quality as much use as any other for less than half the price.tight velcro also.will not fly off too soon
use these in the whole house , it has said up to 2 before , so i know it works !
you can actually cut 1/8 inch pieces with these grr-ripper legs without fear of kickback . i have two for long cuts .
these are inexpensive step bits and far from the top of the food chain but they work good especially for occasional use . much better than other imports .
failed to operate with micasaverde system . tried tech support to no avail . may be a beta issue . or my error
easy to use . i didn't know one brand from another but i'm sold on this wagner . it's outstanding . couldn't wish for more .
installed beside 2 other incandescent bulbs ( over a kitchen island ) and my wife didn't even notice . have ordered 6 more and will replace them all .
these penlights work great . the battery isn't replaceable , but you will never beat the low price . i highly recommend them !
worked for my liftmaster . as a bonus , i'll be able to also use it for my gate when it gets installed .
worked for me filling small and big cracks in a walnut table . built it up in layers stainning as i went . respectable finish .
buy it . there is no substitute . while you are at it , buy the smaller size one as well . you'll be glad you did .
great router bit but then it is by freud . made to exacting standards and packaged nicely , you can't go wrong with freud .
great light , led makes batterys last a long time and they stay very bright , comes with a nice ballistic holster , light weight
this plugs directly into the outlet and has one center screw to secure it to the wall so it will not fall out .
these little pliers are just the thing for fine work . i mainly use them for assembling small electronics projects . well built with nice handles .
i give this unit an " a " regarding light quality and efficiency ! installed into a desk lamp . go led ! i like it .
great tools , the code blue grips are really nice on the hands . no tool has better action than channellock , they still make the best .
great light at a great price . i carry one with me every day . huge circular beam or small square beam with one-hand zoom operation .
i replace my outdoor flag about every two or three years . it was time for a replacement and this suited my needs .
a good solder for the price , it's pretty much a solder that is cheap and replaceable , but will last if taken good care of !
this is one of those lucky buy where you don't have to complain about anything . it works perfectly as advertise .
great for doing pocket holes on the job site . vise grip action hold the jig tightly for drilling . a must need tool
the build quality is good , light output is ok , but it's too small for most uses and too big for a keychain .
simply put ... the weller quality we've come to expect . unit works as intended and like their other products , should last a lifetime with limited home use .
standard quality of a reliable and good china bristle . i buy them repeatedly and find them quite satisfactory . buy with confidence !
i use this for every metal - these are the " do all " electrodes
this was a great deal for the set . high quality materials at a low price . i would recommend this product to a friend .
this quarter inch dual drive mini ratchet is ideal for those tight spaces and dual drive is great for not having to change tools
i needed a new light weight holder for diy projects . this one fit the bill . it is all i needed .
put it in a dark closest - very bright ! ! ! good light distribution and saved me from wiring a 110 v circuitmotion sensor is great - works flawlessly
it seems very well made and works like it should . i have it on my treadmill as the running led's drive me nuts .
delivered on time , in good shape very bright for the size . seems to be well made . i like the belt clip , too .
saves energy over my 90w floods and produces the same amount of lightexcellent price , they should last considerably longer than the incandescent floods i replaced them with .
i installed it in my garage to turn on lights and certain times . works great in even in this cold chiago weather .
these were a gift for my mom and they look great and she loves them . great quality lighting and very soothing .
puts the light where it's needed . seems well made for the money . i have 2 of them and have not experienced any problems .
i own about 6 different tactical lights , out of all of them this fenix e21 is the one i use the most . well made and very bright .
i bought this flashlight for work since i work graveyard shift and it is absolutely amazing , i could not be happier with it !
these bulbs arrived in top condition . and all 6 bulbs are given " bright clear " light , you will not go wrong with these fluorescent light bubs.tom w
it's a saw you apply pressure on what you want to cut and move back and forth if done correctly it will cut ! crazy right ?
this is not the first chime extender we have used . it works the best .
i work on small engines and presently taking a small engine repair course these nut drivers work great for breaking loose tight bolts and nuts
love it , looks nice . good stickiness to it you can reapply if need be . good for added privacy . easy decor
bought it for use with metabo jig saw , as it only takes t-shank . works well but local hardware store had it for similar price .
these are really nice forstner bits . the holes are smooth and perfect . it's an inexpensive set with limited sizes but certainly a good starter set .
exactly what the wife wanted at half the price of home depot . i bought the multi pack which worked out for me .
seem to work well ; they are a little difficult to remove when you want to replace them ( it's a tight fit )
this is a great product . the only screwdriver you'll ever need . i can now get rid of hundreds of dollars worth of screwdrivers .
hoped this would work on the stove top , but it didn't work too good . i've resisted using a metal blade , but had to do it .
no complaints . ladder hooks were was exactly as described . worked perfectly . fast delivery . they were a little heavier than i expected .
lots of power . handles well . uses the " old standard " 18 volt xrp batteries . highly recommend . can use hatachi nails . great nailer .
works as advertised . it is probably not the best , but it is better than the really cheap one that i burned out recently .
it is in my car . it is brightly colored as wells as producing a bright diffused beam.it will be in the emergency kit or a car .
they are made that's about it , not plated , item was as shown . price was fine and they seem to fit ok .
bought this to use with my variable speed dremel tool . works great with the attachments i purchased to use with it . highly recommended .
needed to replace a part on a hose rack , and required the removal of a snap ring . the spread tool did the trick easily .
great tool for a narrow range of jobs . but it still costs too much and wears out too fast .
china is china , china is china , light is not strong light is poor , expected better . in picture looks ok , but don't recommend to buy
this isn't simple idea and it works so if you have a location that needs this modification you won't go wrong buying this .
i don't not for what i buyed this strip connectors because my rope led light don't need this connector this is an extra buy
worked good , still did not really hold up well for cutting nails as i hoped to really hold up as i wanted but fine
high quality . very bright . small enough to carry without feeling weighed down . should carry extra batteries just in case . nice to own
this tool is getting harder to find . works excellent and at a great price . bought two and i am thinking about ordering another two
i bought this after i bought the 18v circular saw . if you only get one light , make it this one .
the gun works well , i do wish it would hold more staples , but with the ease of loading i guess it's o . k .
nice small powerful flashlight that you can take anywhere . battery life is okay and the light is well constructed . i would highly recommend this mini flashlight .
impresed for its price but it doesn't come close to fein blades . it is good for sheetrock or plastic but not for wood .
i bought this tool to work on 1/2 " ply wood , for drawers and small boxes works great and easy to use
the sander has a really nice feel to it . low vibration , speed control , and the dust tank are very useful .
this is a great screwdriver , i like the longer length for those hard to reach places . and the interchangeable tips are very handy .
purchase this accessory the led light it's better than a laser . a must have with this saw . would highly recommend it .
just as good as a new onei have wanted one of this tool for a long time , but didn't want to pay full pricegood alternative
item was deleivered in a timely fashion , light weight , powerful , just what i wanted . 1st lithium battery tool i purchased , very satisfied to date
these run big for me - i'm a woman . but overall , it's a good product and they are not flimsy .
very accurate and hangs on wall easily . this unit is great and doesnt batteries . the battery unit i have isnt very accurate .
i'm a beginner woodworker ... i love it for making bigger cuts . you learn to work with the kerf , buy it today .
it works as well as i expected . it doesn't have any flaws as far as i can tell . i'm pleased with it .
this black and decker battery is an exact replacement to my black and decker battery for my black and decker tool .
my plumber had little trouble installing this . he loves moen because replacement parts are easy to find . the product looks lovely in my modern bath .
a good product that solves a problem when you only have a 3prong cable and need only a two prong . recommend to buy as very usefull .
great tool box . my second one as this is to hold my kreg woodworking tools . highly recommend this to anybody
cant complain about this impact . have used it many of times with no complaints . very strong , durable impact . cant go wrong with a mikita .
haven't tried unit out yet , the carry case is impressive and sturdy , yet compact . awesome price for this item
i would reccomend these thumbwheel rachets to anybody who a rachet on thier hard to get to projects , buy a set now .
i have several bostitch guns and i like them all . reconditioned or new they all have performed without any problems . would recommend for harry homeowner especially .
the tool works well . easy to clear jammed nails . no negatives to think of . you should be very satisified if you purchase this tool .
for a smaller room with windows and doors shut . it works just fine for such limited purposes . otherwise order a larger one for bigger rooms .
we needed these to prevent my mother-in-laws bed from sliding across the room when she sat on the edge , they keep the bed still and work perfectly .
great replacement lube for kitchenaid mixers as well as most household appliances . food grade which means its safely digested in low doses .
well made will last a long time but it is smaller then it looks i bigger then it is . i like the large stanly bag better .
good assortment of terminals . the kid is handy as you can put it in tool box or chest and keep all components together .
so far no complaints on the wagner heat gun . has already come in handy for several projects besides its original intent of shrink wrap tubing for electrical wiring .
i've use it and i like it . it's sturdy , relatively easy to sharpen and creates a nice smooth surface . i'm happy with this tool .
this bench block is perfect . it's sturdy and solid and does exactly what you need it to do . mine is well made and perfect !
keeps tools from rattling around in the tool bag that i use when traveling in the car . size was good for a wrench set from gearwrench .
this dw618 just literally went up in smoke after several years of light hobbyist use.my advice - stay away .
great bit set unfortunately i haven't used all of them yet to report on longevity . i will get back to you if i have any problems .
this refurbished tool seems to have a little jumpy quirk when working but overall - a great deal and a great price .
effective for leveling slight irregularities in concrete , do not use without without dust collection and lots of ventilation and / or mask .
well-made , a nice bright while colour , it was exactly what we needed . looks very nice on the wall . there you go .
this was a good buy . i wired it up to my jeep to the + and - and it works great . i used 4ga wire .
it does what it is supposed to . the reading is quite accurate . can't ask for anything more or less . price was good too !
pricy , but will last much longer than the inferior pads in big box hardware stores . fine quality wool always gives the best shine .
since i bought the bosh router i don't use my larger routers very much . i like the small size . it has all the power i need
i do a lot of crafts etc ... i have always had a dremel tool but gave my last one to a grandson , so got this one .
works as advertised . be nice to have multiple inputs . slightly pricy but it appears durable enough to last a few years .
good solid screws ... didn't like the screwgun that it takes to use these ... returned the gun and so the screws are useless
this drop cloth is sturdy . i think it will las me my whole life . i bought 4 and ain't looking back .
worked as promised and made a toilet exchange a lot easier . no more wax rings for this guy .
this idea is next to sliced-bread in importance . whoever thought of designing a plastic box to protect the walls from water damage should be awarded.highly recommended .
good little set of nut drivers for a drill . i orderd these to use over in the desert adn they worked as needed !
this is a great little bit set esp . if you want to take apart all the weird stuff with weird looking screws .
this is the best light that i have ever owned . you can alway count on a dewalt product to work well .
this was a gift for my son and he loves it and uses it all the time . everyone that builds needs to have one of these .
this little center punch is small but very effective . it's adjustments are very usefull and the tip is made from quality hardened steel .
great product works good looks good nice to have worth its cost makes me happier if i did not 15
fast shipping and not a bad price , it goes well with my new black and decker drill and screw driver bits !
i used this to cutrca ah14100sn 100 ft . 14 - gauge speaker wirefor my yamaha htib system . it was extremely easy and did its job very well .
if you are looking for accuracy , look elsewhere . this scale is off by 1-2 which is unacceptable for anything but rough framing perhaps .
metal , not plastic , two worktables , best for the money i've seen so far , have to agree with all the others who point out the best features
i got two of them from home depot store 2 days later the power want out and both want bad that day returned them got my money back .
gave me a place to mount my honeywell rpls 741b1007 / u econoswitch 7 - day programmable timer near the front door . well made - no fitment issues .
got this to use with some inexpensive led light strips . seems to work well and will be integrating it into an under counter led installation .
replaced a old bulb that we left on 24/7 . this works fine with no heat and less power . i will be ordering more .
i bought this for my office and i ended up buying a set for my home.simple , works and my employees ended up buying some themselves .
... i'd make my own . the adjustments on this are just too clumsy .
if you want a short thin ruler , this is what you are getting . its not flimsy or cheaply made , its just small , and thin .
item was just what i need to fix every thing , happy new year , will shop again .. happy doing business got item
it works but the base stake that holds it does not works so well . the light does not screw in tightly and stay put.nery frustrating .
there's an audible buzz when using low settings with myhttp :/ / www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00bqqeqq6/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_5switch hooked into about 15 ' of led'sotherwise no complaints , a simple reliable power supply .
i really like these because they cover all sides of my glasses to keep the sun out . they aren't too big either , i really like the size !
flashlight seems a bit cheap but for the price you get what you pay for . would recommend the 502b version better more stronger and durable .
this is a well designed storage box that stacks with other stack-on units as well as the yellow stanley units . i love these things !
they cut very smoothly in my jig saw . i was easily able to cut notches and curves in hardiplank siding .
fit right into my drill no issues . fast shipping , came new in package . works just fine in my black n decker 12v drill
had to return this item . couldn't figure out how to put on . picture in instructions was different than actual harness .
good product and the price was even better . nice looking device , easy to setup and use . quality product , well made
much better then i expected.nice and heavy construction.love getting those wall warts hooked up to the surge strips .
it is a master lock only expect the best . keeps honest people honest , is what my father always told me .
this light is more of a flood type bulb.it is great in recess and track lights.they are very economical for the price and on your power bill .
great design and works really well . i wish it had come with some double sided tape to attach it to the floor , but easy to do myself .
wow ! this is a great flashlight for many use . i perchased 3 packs and gave some to employees at work and they love it .
great product for my home wood working shop . these work well in my porter cable nailer . the price at amazon is very competitive .
i needed a roller i could get two hands on for some laminating and this roller worked out great . not to big but not to small .
the exact same code off the bulb fixture , didn't work in the fixture.total failure.did ' t work.don ' t orderbad product .
you can't go wrong with any nite ize products . works great . i love these key chains and they improved them buy making them locking carrabeaners .
i got this to repair a ping pong paddle . yep . and it worked great . this is miracle glue . it will hold anything together !
nicely machined ; great parts.the only bummer is now i need a surface which is flatter than what i have now .
these lights work very well and are almost too easy to install.be careful and don't remove the stick-on tape as it sticks .
this is a mandatory part if you do not want to be bound to bosch brand router template guides . this part is used with a template plate adaptor .
attaches permanently , with velcro or a magnet . strong light for the size . well made and the easy on and off switch is great .
very happy with the stand . rolls easily ; very heavy ; solid base for the planer.dewalt dw7350 planer stand with integrated mobile base
i disassembled 2 hard drives for destruction . the torx heads worked very well and there was no slippage . the size range is nice .
this is the power level you need to throw a bright ground light in about a 3 ' circle . xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx
this is an excellent pair of of goggles . did the job and remained clear during some significantly large projects . highly recommend .
this works much better than the paper masks that do not form a good seal with the users face .
it is a quality tarp and feels heavy . it works great under our pool .
is a great tool.the performance is good ; works great on wood , in metal not much . i recomended if you gonna work on wood .
this seems to mute the instruments just enough so i can hear the singers at church comfortably . i am rabid about protecting my hearing .
pull short or long nails.rusted or coated.great leverage for the tuff ones . just make sure you have handle extended .
this is an excellent saw , cuts with no effort . if you take some time to learn how to use it , it will perform great .
sometimes it's ok , then other times is flashes red-green all night ( communications failure ) . when it works - its great . so-so over all .
i needed it for my rental unit , my tenants are very satisfied with it . it is quite easy to install .
this device works great for installing new glass panes in window frames still in place in the house . much safer than trying to do it with bare hands .
been using milwaukee tools for a couple of years and very pleased with the quality and durability of the products
i have been adding these accessories to my collection of demel products , i build model aircraft and find the dremel one of the necessary tools that i need .
i think they are okay but they start to wear out and slide around some what . it's great when putting something to dry on them
this is a very handy attachment that lets you get into places that would otherwise be hard to get to .
my mistake . i thought it was able to be used with drill bits . can only be used as screw driver
as i have come to expect from incra , quality and high standards . used this to make a sliding jig for my table saw and it worked perfectly .
please notice these are metric . i intended toget standard but oh we'll these seem fine quality , but i have not used them yet .
too bad these don't have built-in batteries it costs almost as much to power these up as it does to buy them .
recevied item in great contition . this item is perfect . it look great and made of good quality at a good price .
these flashlights are bright and has so far worked very well . it's been a few months and no problems . would buy again .
pros :d oes the job . fits perfectly to the impact driver and to the sockets it is made for.many sizes of nuts.cons :d id not really find any .
what do you say it worked in mr black and deckrt light i should order an extra as it is hard to find .
defenetly a great flashlight , it doesn't have a focus ability but the beam is a good one . it does take those expensive batteries .
works like it should , no hassles , no frills , and no issues with this one , just a plain basic good solid tool for the money .
i ordered these by mistake . i needed vinyl siding nails . ad should say for wood siding and not for vinyl .
man , this product is good , if you take your time and read the directions . wowi was going to spend 350 to get tub reglazed .
i use this for my belt sander and palm sanders . my basement recently flooded , but my tools are safe and protected in it .
no burns and almost no fibers ( which are easily wiped away ) when i'm cutting pine . so much better than my little skill saw :)
this one is more expensive than the other same tool , but this one with better quality , i feel very sturdy .
does the job . used to tie down my wife's scooter for transport to and from vacations and trips . nice quality and good value . would recommend highly .
got these for my gate . master lock makes quality products , and it is convenient to have the same combination on both locks .
looks authentic genie . easy to install and does the job of opening / closing , manual light control and vacation lockout . i recommend it without hesitation .
nice charger and batter . i enjoy having a second port to charger a second battery when every i get that but i like this combo .
cleans the granite counter pefectly leaving the surface very smooth and streak free . will continue to use this product again in the future .
the blades and the blade holder are perfect for the handyman to use with his other tools . any job has the right blade .
this drill does not fit well with my hands . it is not comfortable and the buttons are hard to push .
there sanding pads , what does one say about a product like this . i wanted one and i now have it
simple , grounded plug timer . took a few minutes to figure out the programming ( push down the black fingers ) but works perfectly .
purchased to take wallpaper down . right tool for the job . it scrapes well , which is what you want it to do . good show .
just starting into woodworking in retirement , this will help be safety minded . might eventually make my own from wood as i progress .
well-constructed , easy to tailor size to the machine , looks like it will last ... used it to make my bandsaw mobile .
what can you say ... a biscuit is a biscuit ! ! these showed up on time and i have not come across any that were broken .
10 led with remote sensor works great . i wish i don't have to put batteries in there . the product works great for night light in the yard .
it is a great tool . charge last a long time . very powerful . love it
just what i needed to utilize some regular bulbs in two of my favorite lamps . great ! so happy to have found these .
absolute junk . leds 4 and 5 quite after first use ! ! if someone finds a reasonably price reliable make , please let me know .
this is one of the neatest tools that ever came down the pike . solid construction , and easy to use . do-it-yourselfers shouldn't be without one .
we have had this for five years and it's still working most excellently . it's bright , heavy and solid . what more do you need !
if your looking for a connector that is truly water tight , this is the product for you . it is a 2 part system that does work .
has the right mix of blades for the average diyer . milwaukee blades seem to hold up better then off brand ones i have used .
bought these to use on my drill press table i was building . they are great and are very good quality . they work as advertised .
these are amazingly easy to program , reliable , and have long battery life . the price on amazon is as good as it is anywhere else .
good socket splitter . i use cfl's in them hanging over my " under the stairs " oragano garden and they love it .
ripped right through the hardiboard and made good clean cuts . the jigsaw is my tool of choice for cutting that stuff .
i had one set of these already , but needed another set to make it easier than swapping them out between projects .
this item is a sears with no shipping charge and at a lower price , this is a great saw .
these are great for lighting up areas where you do not wish to trip in the dark , i ordered a couple of packs and used them all .
so far these have worked well . i've bought a set and a couple of individual bits . they're durable and work well with the dewalt bit system .
originally i purchased this item for my edc , but i've been using this on my kitchen knives . now my kitchen knives are like new ! great product .
great blade for the money . if you're using it in your table saw it'll rip veneered ply with no tear-out .
good deal and well made use it all the time and also pack it on bike good tool
the gatco 4680 24 - inch channel towel bar , chrome was easy to install . it has a good quality chrome finish and is very sturdy .
if you can get a plate pre-drilled for your router i'd go that route , getting the holes drilled just right was a little tricky .
product looks ok but operation is tricky and may not last longer and prefer other mechanism . but not a bad product .
works very well and better than expected for the $ $ keeping it in the bedroom next to the bed . i lov eit
these are easy to use and install . i have several installed throughout my house and they have been working fine for 7 years .
bright is too wrong a word.brilliant well made , water resistantlife saving time saving and totally neededif you are in an emergency situation , this light will save you
one of leathermans better add-on kits . i bought this with the leatherman wave and they fit into the sheath with the tool .
lightweight but still rugged and lots of power does what it claims easy to change blades . this unit saves lots of time and easy to handle
a bit pricey and perhaps a bit to stretchy for what i'm using it for , but it's plenty strong and stays hooked .
exactly what i was looking for expect i wish they offered a 6 or 8 pack . solid for the price .
i've had this exact same model for over 30 years and it works just fine . i have no reason to find another soldering gun .
nice bag well made i would recommend the 18 inch which i also purchased . this is good but the larger is more useful .
this case is in my tool bag everywhere i go . i'm always using it and finding a bit , is so much faster and easier .
just got this product today and am very happy with it . very bright and love the push button on / off switch .
great price , and great bits.sometimes the case is a little hard to open , but great value over all .
good wall plates and cheaper getting the 10 pack vs . getting them individually . it is white , not almond , just don't over tighten .
a great set of tools . the right size needed for most applications . the fact you can make angle cuts with strong holding power is a good feature .
long lasting , light and a cinch to remove / replace . these batteries also fit on the saws with an extremely slight modification .
decent faucet for the price . easy to install . looks good . nice brushed nickel finish . actually bought a second one for the other bathroom .
purchased two of these plug in light dimmers for the bedroom lamps in two rooms . they work great & i would recommend them .
kids lost neighbor's opener . i bought him a replacement . he hasn't yelled at me or punched me in the nose so i guess it worked ok .
this handy lil tool is nice , i find my self using it so much ! great add on to your edc ( every day carry )
it's simple , make an adapter that allow different kinds of plugs and adapters to connect . good value , and meets those requirements .
it feels like a piece of junk made in china , but practically speaking it has performed very well and i will not complain .
great little item that works well . i didn't give five start , just because it will not work on cold mornings .
compact focused light you absolutely can't beat for the money . simple , effective , and double clip lets you clip on a hat and use as a headlamp .
yes this pretty much has all you will need in one solid case , and quality too , would buy again !
this works great and installed and working fine . the price was good and cheaper than the homedepot or lowes . i just hope it last .
fits great ! helped me attach a saw dust vacuum system to a heavy chip collection system in my shop . works great !
these fasteners are not cheap but well worth it if you are dealing with redwood which will easily stain when iron containing fasteners are used .
i added these batteries to have spares when i was using the 12v tools so i always have a charged battery . they work great .
these clamps makes it very easy to assemble cabinet sections . it is your third hand . best new tool that i have seen .
great idea , simple to use and throws a nice amount of light . use this all the time on my patio at night .
needed and used almost everything in the set and have some if i need them . good deal , got them quick .
this is just what i needed to fix up an old lamp . looks just like what came off good sturdy feel no shaking . i would recommend
i replaced my unattractive garage door opening button with this one . it is a beautiful control panel and works as expected .
the construction is solid , the action is smooth , blade swapping is fairly easy , and the onboard blade storage is handy .
cheap and work great . higher quality that the stuff available at the home depot and lowes . excellent value per dollar .
item was delivered in a very timely fashion . exactly what i ordered , just wish i could find 5 hole sand paper locally
keeps your hands free to do things other than hold the flashlight . had cheaper ones that put out more light .
wrong voltage . i turned around and reordered the 20v version and again please with it . this like i said in the other review is top quality
great illumination and works on my shotgun for home protection.this fit perfect with the mount i purchased . quick on / off .
ad does not mention battery requirements for that key chain remote .. is this another one requiring a specialty battery ? no thanks
little torch big light , plus small aa battery equals useful strong light in a water resistant form . worth every penny
bought this a year ago .. wasn't what i expected but was good while it lasted .. about a month ago it stopped working don't know why .
it makes charging of my larger size battery quick and easy for my jacket , i like how it only take 40 min . to charge
i cannot imagine having the table saw and not this relatively inexpensive extension . totally necessary unless you only buy your stock in two feet lengths .
this is a decent little set of roll punches roll up case is handy to hang on wall for organizing and works well for rifle work .
if you need to replace an existing toto toilet flapper this one is perfect . it was easy to install and corrected a leaking issue immediately .
we go through bits like crazy , especially while retrofitting a 1200 sq ft deck on a steep slope . these seem to work longer than other brands .
great quality , nice storage box ! use them all the time and have never had one break ! work wonderfully on spoons and forks !
this product is small and fit into my purse easily . it worked well and i have not had any issues . i would buy again .
i could not believe how bright and white these tiny lights are . perfect for a key chain , backpack , whatever . great deal .
this product is perfect in performance and in price , installed now for 6 months no problems , easy to install , bright light , fast light up ,
this light is great i ordered two of them and they both arrived super fast . they were great and are easy to mount as well . great deal !
i really like this tiered style of toolbox . it is also quite large and feels sturdy . a great buy for the price
heavier than corded but its worth ithas enough powerdepth adjustment works wellhad a corded bosch that could shoot chips out either side that would be nice here
fits my leather man and my light for camping really well . i really like it . i ordered another one for my father
provides great light and since it is led the batteries last and last . construction is fine . small in size but large in light output .
good amount of screws in a nice case . it is easy to keep them on the shelf with the pocket-hole jig .
to think of the wasted time , i used a knife to strip wire this tool does it all in one shot !
works great and is a good replacement for the original rv shower head . this one has a good shut off that actually works .
its a great product and comes with a nice carry case . just be weary not to turn it upside down because the punches will fall out .
i bought it about 3 years ago , but i haven't open it yet because i'm keeping it for future spare with my future dream home .
had to buy a replacement for one of mine since i had left it out in the rain & the circuit board got corroded
don't work as i was expecting . little to no support online for this product . no videos or handouts . very disappointed .
easy to use , works great and is gorilla tough . i have used this product on everything advertised and it does what it says it does
for the price this was the way to go . all sizes are covered should last me quite awhile don't have to use them only on ac systems .
beautiful design . i'm currently building the router table and it's coming alone fast with the method they use ( kreg pocket screws ) . shipped fast
this rake is great . i wish the handle was a little bit more solid , but overall it does great job .
i like it ... i hope i'll never have to use it ! ! ! bought on for me & gave the other to my brother
what can one say about an electrical 15 foot extension cord ? perfectly constructed , and gets the job done as intended . good value !
my mother wants her room rearranged quite often . these applied easily to the bottoms of her chests and have made my job much easer . thank heavens !
more tools for my mini mag light , good price , fast shipper highly recommend will do business againi am sure you will be pleased after you buy it
seems to be well-made product , and would definitely buy again.let ' s see if it stands the test of time , though ... :-)
set it & forget it ! ! couldn't be simpler than that . select choices from variety of settings available to maintain desired comfort levels 24/7 throughout the week .
if you have a dremel multipro , this inexpensive accessory will most certainly simplify things for you . definitely a must have !
very bright light but weak spring design.the spring lacks the robust quality and anchoring necessary for long term dependability .
i use these with my dewalt 20v lithium drill . very good quality and great fit . excellent price too . highly recommend .
the schlage fe595 ply 505 ply plymouth keypad entry with flex-lock and plymouth style knobs , bright brass was easy to install and program .
bought this grinder about 6 months ago and have found its quality far exceeds the low price . highly recommend purchasing .
it was so quick and easy to change my bits , the keyless chuck turns smoothly and holds onto the bits nice and tight .
it's ok but slow . it cuts my speed in half . maybe all repeaters do that so i'll look for another solution .
it only took a few minutes to set the rocker switches.the range is good for something so small . i would recommend for shore .
this was purchased for our master bath redo to go with the peerless faucet and moen towel ring . they all look good together and were easy to install .
i purchase this as a christmas present in 2011 , and it's still working well , no complaints from the recipient . i would recommend .
i use these at work as a maintenance mechanic and on the race car . very good protection , i'd buy more .
great price and does its job . we have had no problems and it is very bright . much brighter than many people i know .
this porter cable speed bloc quarter sheet sander is a great product as all porter cable products . it is light weight .
excellent brightness . way to many features . wish they would just make a bright light with high , low and that is it .
do yourself a favor and try this . it's amazing the difference it makes . sulphur and chlorine smells gone , skin softer , hair softer .
bought these to replace ones that i broke on a friend . no complaints from him so far . used for usual handywork around the home .
needed these for my alarm motion detector , so i checked radio shack . they were $ 18.00 for two batteries.quite a savings .
no problems with it and it charges well . the indicator light is helpful and the small size does not take up outlet space .
playing with electronic parts for the first time [ in many years ] these are very helpful for nudging and positioning things .
bought these and ended up using them all the time even with an impact gun at times i would buy again
what can i say it does its job no leaks and strong like i have thought . sure beats the cheap plastic stuff they sale today .
they are slightly subdued lighting . not extremely bright , which is the desired effect . work great for nighttime lighting around walkways and steps .
comes with two lithium batteries and a fast charger . lots of clutch setting and speeds . comes with a hard case . i would buy it again .
good , quality product . doesn't have to be mounted to a wall . runs a long time on a set of batteries .
i am pretty disapointed with the brightness . there will be a led that is a bug light for outside , but this is not it .
very bright yet compact and very well constructed , very long lasting with the 18650 battery . i've bought 5 of these so far and am very happy
nothing special . its simply a plastic cage that fits over your existing light fixture . you don't get anything but the cage .
found the tools in this set to be solid performers . they're leather punches that get the job done , so not a lot to be said !
thick , heavy duty and shields heat excellent . very durable , use for welding and even to move burning logs in our fireplace . excellent price
have only had to charge the batteries once and use the light alot . the charger is pretty poor quality but does work
the straps that hold the knee pads on are uncomfortable . i recommend knee pads that have a single strap that does not bind you up .
my cabinet building would be so very difficult without a set of four of these clamps , holds everything in place while assembling .
i have used this clamp many times now and it has not let me down yet , very handy tool to have .
i tried to use it for an outside light . it was ok , but looks out of place . it puts out a good amount of light .
i bought these for my grandson . they appear very well made and able to endure a considerable amount of abuse .
excellent cutter i use every day when i need cut something i used excellent quality and perfect item for replace my scissoras , very easy for use .
nice simple design , easy to setup and adjust and it can with extra fittings , the nice bright colors help also .
i didn't like this flashlight . it had a blahness to it and it was heavy . i was so dissapointed that i immediately returned it .
i do not recommend this because it is too small and cheaply made . i bought it as a present and was embarrassed to give it to her .
i've wanted one of these since 2007 , when i learned about the dangers posed by headcrabs . no longer do i fear interdimensional portals .
can't believe i waited so long to get a set of these socket drive adapters . gives much much appreciated flexibility in using the wrench and socket of choice .
this knife is insane if you can still call it a knife . just what every surgeon needs for those operations in the field .
this is a fine led but it's not my favorite quality of light . other brands have a better quality of color .
i purchased a new tool holder for my metal lathe and needed a 22mm wrench , and this was the answer instead of buying the whole set .
neat little toy light for children to use to create colors in the room . goes well in my leg lamp at christmas time . neighbors are envious .
bright as he * * on a aa battery , i can't wait to fire it up with a 3.7 woo hoo nice housing
wife and i bought this after a lot of research and love it ! top notch quality and easy installation . g -
this is a well made desk lamp . they thought of everything . love the different light modes and the arm extension . the usb outlet is the bomb
good hammer at a fair price . it's a big hit with me . what more can i say that hasn't already been said ?
makes joints as if you were a master wood worker if you make straight cuts you can joint like pro .
very well made and finely crafted . the took saves a lot of time in change overs due to it's design .
what else is there to say ! i'm using the porter cable 193a nailer and these work well with it .
used this to hide home alarm system wires . fast efficient and easy to install . sticks to the walis very nicely . i recomment this product .
i am using this on a indoor vacuum cleaner.the quality seems good and no other problems.happy with this unit , would buy again .
this item is fairly heavy so if your a panzy have your wife do it for you lol joking either way great product
here's a - - - key-size - - - tool that i rarely use , but , it looks so damned neat i just like having iton my car-keys .
to delicate and not what i needed . i don't have a saw that would cut accurately enough to justify this type of measuring device .
nice build , compact , nice design , i would rate it 5 stars if it charges faster . recomended
easy to set up and i am not one you want to put a screwdriver in my hand ! quality construction .
does not work smooth at all . takes two ands to lick and unlock and more effort then you might think . would be better if all keyed the same
i love these bits . i use them a lot on the mill . they are made for a lathe but you can center punch on the mill .
great slider ! no issues with creating a crosscut sled using this device . the instructions were iffy so that's why i only give it four stars .
works great , the kids leaving the lights on bothers me a lot less when it is a 7w led bulb ...
this one of the most accurate true running center i have purchased in a long ... if it fails i will purchase from the same vendor
after purchasing other timers i am pleased with the level of construction on this . works flawlessly . wish it had two outlets .
these cutting tools come in handy on some of the tougher crafting projects i get into . makes for better and nicer finished results .
these bits are strong and durable . i waited a few months before i sent in this review . i have used 8 bits and they worked perfectly .
keep by my bed if nothing else the strong light would blind someone util i could get the safety off my hand gun . bang ! !
the base of the drill stand too small . when the power drill is fix to the drill stand , the two pole too near .
always use this glue for woodworking projects in my shop . it seems better than any other brand on the market .
nice set and an interesting 2 sided chipper wing . does not cut perfectly square corners as the item description may allude , but it is very close .
got this for working on my ar but will be useful for a wide range of tasks . i have only used the small one so far
this flashlight is a really good value . the hi-low switch is kinda odd , but it works good . i would definitely buy more if i needed it .
saved me a trip to the autos store . i don't drive that may and was able to order it when i was thinking about it .
this set is a must if you work on your car . the quality is also great . not much else to say .
heats up quickly and works well . the tip is excellent for most common applications . i used this to replace my weller soldering iron .
i recevied item in great condition . these work well and look great . great price too . its just what i was looking for .
i'd love to rate these higher but they often seem to develop switch problems over time . really too bad because they are great otherwise .
this is a must to have around the shop or in the garage , i have use it for outside projects .
solid product , not super expensive . it shows obviously , dont think you're going to get a epic stripper with perfect construction . but its an overall good product
works as it should , have usd it a couple of times and have not been disappointed . this is a well made tool .
surprisingly well made and very useful . my wife uses this to transport a load of stuff to and from dog shows , works great .
not much to say ... the hinges come with the necessary hardware and operate just as they should . at this price , you cannot beat them .
perfect size at 3 feet which is not easy to find . great plug , great wire thickness . a + all the way around .
this is used in the glove compartment because it is convenient size , bright , and quiet . it doesn't roll around in the glove box .
since i was a little kid i loved anything bosch . very good quality products at affordable prices . love it . very durable .
ordered this to replace my oem blade on my circular saw . greatly reduces tearout and cuts extremely smooth . well worth the money .
great tool , magnetic , holds 8 bits . wow , love using this thing , use it more than i should . everyday as an electrician .
didn't think this thing would put a sharp edge on my knives but it did a great job for what it is intend for .
gave it to my daughter as much for scaring wild animals as wild humans . loud if you need it and the light is handy .
this tool is very useful to remove stuck-on coolant hoses and vacuum lines . i've also used it for removing plastic push-pin-type fasteners with success .
i got the flashlight unfortunately it did not work . it wasn't worth my while to send it back because the price was inexpensive . disappointed .
this works great . the laser guide is pretty sweet . i have zero complaints about this tool . it does the job .
this replaced my remote on my sears opener with the purple activation button on the main unit perfectly . fast service too .
our last key lock box had a limited number of combinations . this one has about 10,000 . rugged construction and easy mounting .
bought these to use with skil 4290-02 jig saw , they do the job , worth the money , would recommend using these
this tool is great . use it all the time for every thing from grinding callesses off my heals to polishing gun parts for a smoother action .
love it ! seems to be high quality and the magnets are very strong . also extremely bright ! i ordered another ! great item !
dewalt dwst 17808 tstak long handle toolbox organizer is made in israel and that is why i do not buy it !
i have all milaukee tools so i wanted a milaukee bag for my tools . the bag is good quality and it is holding up well .
harder to use then it looks for one person . this is really a two person job . it's just bulky to hold
works great . love the portable setup . no longer miss visitors unless i actually don't want to answer the door for the person :) .
these work great , but we have two cats and they drain the battery quick on these things so beware if you have pets !
dont be mistaken , this is no toyenough power for a handi guy or gali love minehighly recommend , i bought another one for my wife .
pros : strong bright led . very useful.good quality of built.cons : too big for being on a key-chain.the streamlight nano is more suitable for use on a key-chain .
you have to run the water a while each time you need to use the water who wants to wait to get a drink of water
holder is good . best for solder weiding . love it.love it.love it.love it.love it.love it.love it.love it .
hooks up as easily as a regular receptacle , and with quite a few manufactures implementing the usb ends on their chargers it frees up a lot of space
i've been using these filters for a couple of years in two hvac units . they work fine , i like 6 - pk packaging offered by amazon .
when you want a good clear glow from a lamp instead of the off-color harsh glare of the new flourescents , this is what you want .
seems to be well made , excepting the handles , which are thin and cheap compared to the rest . pockets seem they're going to be useless .
i bought this to lift water from our stream to our lawn . why waist the water . i runs my rain bird well . sw
never have to worry about where you put your sander again ! you don't have to wait till it stops , just set it down . love this product .
line has a nice hand although outer weave slides a little . have had no problem with line kinking and holds well when knotted .
its a level , i used it to make the rv not tilt . its tough , its accurate enough and its cheap to buy .
for thirty bucks you're getting a bright , waterproof , flashlight that runs on aa batteries . liked it so much i bought 2 .
i threw it away when i took it out of the package . i would be ashamed for anyone to see it it looked so cheap .
this thing is a joke compared to what it replaced . thin material , much smaller bag , not very easy to completely empty . typical cheap dewalt version .
the package arrived on time and was packaged well . i installed it myself and it works just fine . i don't have any issues with it so far .
i have used several times with no complaints . this blade works fine and is dependable . i highly recommend purchasing it .
with a description of soft white bulbs .. you would think they give out white light but they don't they put out yellow light ..
much much cheaper than those sold in the walmart or homedepot . works great so far ( i have used it for a few months )
mine was very pocket worn when i lost it . may order another . very well made . twisting style contact switch is extrememly durable .
great ... i live in a mobile home & there is no way to put a wired doorbell in ... great sound ... great prices ... great setup ... recommend
love simplicity , and there is a lot with all the little giant products to love . easy to hang , clean up is simple .
kreg is simply the best , use coarse threads for plywood , the pocket hole system is fast and simple and works great .
worked like a champ , easy to use , gets the job done . heavy dut , appears well made , i would buy it again
if your in a pinch this lamp is alright , if you can find something cheaper at the store i would take that instead though .
these clamps work great with the jet hoses i bought for my dust collection system . they work as advertised , fit nicely to the hoses and fitings .
i will never do another job in my industry without this mask . this has made my life easier , and more comfortable ,
this is a nice quality set . it appears to be built well and functions perfect.needs a lighter and butane .
the adhesive on this tape is not very adhesive . be prepared to help it stick with some other product . but the measurements are accurate ...
it's nice to find a package of these instead of buying individually at the hardware store . the quality good and they all matched in shade and color .
if you want door viewer , and want a satin-nickel finish , this is perfect . installs just like any other , and gives a very wide angle view .
junk . it ' doesn't work . very cheaply made . there are similar products on the market that work great . this is a total waste of money .
these sets prove to be extremely cost efficient . this is my second set and never regretted purchasing the first
i've carried the same swiss army knife for 30 years . the juice has replaced it . the leatherman isn't the perfect pocket tool but it's close .
small but mighty . i carry the leatherman wave normally but this is my airline friendly pliers because it lacks a blade .
works great and eazy to use . individual led's make it easy to find in the dark .
strong magnet strong light . have not used long enough to rate battery life . good flex on swivel . well made case .
this is not a very sturdy face shield and the plastic shield was completely opaque . don't waste your money and buy something a little more substantial .
for the size and considering that this is not the latest technology in use , the flashlight is well made and appears to be able to take some abuse .
really very handy to have and to use directions clear and easy to under stand hex shank on drill would work much better
very well made beautiful smoth glossy finish.wish they sold parts like the bumpers and alignment washers seperatly but would send them if it failed .
pros : bits are from good quality . can be used on a 10mm driller ( driver ) . cons :d o not fit a 1/4 inch driver .
high quality product with a nice finish . they don't fall off of any tool that i own no matter how hard i try to shake them off .
i ordered 4 of these . i used a rubber mallet to assemble . ( tap gently ) they are pretty strong but light enough to move around .
this works good for me at home and the office ... it's just a shame they are no longer available . i looked and looked until i found these ..
the bits themselves are good quality and the case folds easily for convenient storage . all in all a good buy .
these are probably square enough for most people , but not anywhere close to true square when compared to a quality machinist square .
i like this sheath because it has room for the wave , the bit extender and the extra bit kit inside . it's nice to keep them all together .
we use it for an additional plug in desk top fan in the kitchen , turn it on , and you wont forget it going to bed ! perfect .
great purchase for my stained glass rooster lamp . i keep this lamp on all night in my living room for safety and ambience .
well built product . it has just the right amount of flex to hold the work piece solidly without binding . easily adjustable .
these bits do all the work . they self feed the bit into the wood so you have no effort drilling .
i need use this out door , and this one just fit to my works , good quality and price compare to other .
... thankfully but they are working when i test them twice a year . more words to fill space because i can't submit
this is the second time i have bought these discs in varing grades.they last longer than any other discs i have used on all types of material .
great tool , we researched all products and selected this unit because of the reviews . it has preformed exceptionally well an well worth the price .
works well with a chandelier with led bulbs . was easy to install and does not hum like some dimmers i have had .
an excellent product ! hook it up to my generator and it works really great . i would recommend this product to my friend .
what a great addition to my toolbox , going to come in very handy . seems well made and sturdy . no regrets aaa + + +
dimmer has a very sensitive switch that allows you to set the light at a barely there level . no hum .
this jigsaw is nice and hefty and cuts very smooth . i had the 6 amp version but this one has much less vibration and more control
cheap price , it's cheaply made and feels cheap in your hands but works just fine for testing pair connectivity . works well !
i used them on a woodworking project a week back , and they worked perfect on an air powered die grinder .
these things are awesome . buy it . buy several , because all your builder-buddies will want one .
these belts are durable and top quality and they do an excellent job of providing a professional edge on any blade or tool you have ! highly recommend them !
save yourself time n money ... only buy milwaukee with 19/28 v li ions . the nicads are expensive junk read al the reviews on them ...
the 3m mask is great . it fits comfortably , is affordable and seems to be very durrable . i highly recommend this product .
these 18 ga nails work perfectly in my dewalt dwfp 12231 brad nailer . perfect fit perfect function . you can't go wrong with these !
tape is strong and with the dispenser it is easy to use and holds very well for sealing boxes and packages ,
add a little flux and it wicks the solder right onto the braid , much better than a manual solder sucker .
i need some replacement saw blades and have found that bosch blades are always a good quality . this assortment also meets the needs i have in my shop .
these are some of the best and longest lasting sanding disks i have ever used . i also bought other grits and they all very exceptional .
this little ' extra ' works very well . one must take care that the base rests on the blade not blade and n offset tooth.recommended .
it's ok but could be made better for sure , doesn't handel a full 15 amp draw either ... ya get what you pay for huh ...
great for use around the house.great quality , no issues with the heads rounding out.good bit holder and excellent range of bit sizes.overall a great product !
great little product . totally simplifies the knife sharpening process . very safe and easy to use . smart buy for anyone . stay sharp .
have had this for 2 years . it's great . the long and dependable battery life is the best part ! seems indestructable .
this is a well know tool used for detailing . worked as expected . great machine . using 6 " foam and microfiber pads .
best way to purchase filters . carries us through 6 months , and don't have to constantly hunt for a filter to fit the unit .
i only need this for one double stair glad to find a smaller sized can . i bought two different colors .
being ceramic it is of course abrasive , but it's covered in grit that we needed to keep brushing away to avoid scratching things .
this switch was very easy to install , works perfectly with a halogen light . will be buying more for additional lights .
a ideal and useful component of the cordless circular saw i recently bought to carry away into the field where you cannot always find a current bush .
i go thru these things endlessly . salt takes a terrible toll on them . at this price / quantity there is no reason not to purchase these .
cosmas 8816orb oil rubbed bronze cabinet hardware handle pull is not i expected in colour . so i did not use
awesome set of bits , a must for any leatherman user ... get one - and what better place to buy then amazon .
i have had this tool 2 years so far no problems , lots of power works great compared to the more expensive models does the same job .
got two of these mounted on a portable aluminum hardtop gazbo i bought from lowes . help bright the area well .
eight piece standard and metric size wrench set makes a great addition to tool set . gearwrench is a name i look for in hand tools
very powerful . don't even consider another light any where close to this price . seems to be very well made . love it .
these are great light that can be placed anywhere . the battery life lasts for several weeks in high traffic areas and gives of a good amount of light .
overall i had had good luck with this brand , no glue is perfect , but his glue probably comes as close as you can get .
very solid and simple design . easy to use and very effective . instructions were clear and concise . all parts were included . i couldn't be happier .
stout cloth : i use this for a kitchen apron , and it exceeds the quality of most kitchen aprons for a lesser price .
easy to use and install , just peel and stick.make sure you clean the surface before apply the tape for a good and durable bond , simple common sense .
like the first one so well i bought another one . very please with them . i have always bought first alert
very good flashlight for the money . if you can , get the rechargeable battery in that the extra voltage ( vs aa ) adds to the lumens
i needed to have my plug in's less intrusive at our night tables by the bed . these worked great to get our tables closer to the wall .
flashpoint 4 socket adapter - converts 1 socket into 4 - i used this in the attic for more light .
much better design than the previous model . i have noticed the plastic pins break more easy than i would have expected
husband loved this chisel set . strong , sturdy and priced reasonably . came packaged carefully , in perfect condition .
works as advertised . saves energy , and should last a long time . almost no heat generated . i would recommend themfor nightlight use and incandescent bulb replacement .
i use it to hog off wood to get down to where my hand planes are more effective , kinda like a fore plane . good stuff .
these are much heavier than i expected . i thought they would be like the ones in the stores but they are very heavy built .
this is another item in my kreg jig collection . this clamp greatly assists when i have a right angles to put together and i am working alone .
great item would recommend to anyone for this for the price this set will do the trick on what you needjf
samething you get in the local stores around you , but at least for me these are half the price . i really dig it .
tal como se describe , es preciso , práctico y útil en la determinación de temperaturas en cualquier circunstancias de trabajo . lo recomiendo ampliamente .
i have not got to use it yet , but the one in oklahoma city cost over $ 40 . this one is much more reasonable !
quick focus fast acquisition of high lighted areas in your field of view . brighter than expected good run time on rechargeable batteries .
come on ! fine grit ? fine grit you claim ? this grit was mediocre at best . why would you call it fine ? boo !
i use this grease for installing new bushings . make sure you grease up the bushing , so that it doesn't squeak . this will do just that .
have this unit programmed all over our home to turn off the lights when we leave the room . very easy to install and program .
i purchased the 4 - pack and haven't had a problem with them . i use them wherever led's would not be cost effective .
this is a great set with many different sizes . i am happy to have the variety and have used several over the last few months .
these small touch lights are just perfect for use on my patio . they are very attractive and work well . i am very happy with my purchase
my last makita battery finally gave out . this replacement charged up without a problem , and has been fine in the short time i have used it .
love these things , i use them mostly on my tools.buying these on amazon is much cheaper than what they cost at local homedepot
these are great presents and everybody loves them . i had never seen them before but i will buy them again
demensions match came with spetialty bulb and works great.has a very unique look compared to other lamps and is great for bedrooms and small to medium spaces
they have every kind of head you will need for almost every job and there longer and come in handy when the screw or ? is set way back in
nice solid bag for carrying small tools around . useful outside pockets for small tools . solid construction well built to carry some weight .
great little chuck , a real time saver eliminates the need to change multiple bits , thanks
used it for removing grills on my car . worked perfectly and did not break or bend . does exactly as stated .
the precise edge on the prying end has been very useful for taking apart old double-hung-sash wood window sets . also pulled a floor trim piece with no trouble .
they are a bit expensive but they do produce very nice light . i don't know about their longevity since i have not been using them long .
un accesorio muy útil para lograr trabajos satisfacctorios a distancia . no puede faltar en la caja de herramientas . excelente calidad y desempeño . la recomiendo .
they are high quality and not cheap like other competitors , i would highly recommend to others that want to open up there xbox 360 controllers or consoles .
for the money , these glasses are a great buy . they are great both in daylight and nightime . really brighten things up while cutting down on glare .
not much that one can say about an original delta faucet stem assembly : it fits , and that's important in getting the drip fixed .
how could a nail be anything other than 5 stars ? i suppose it could but then only one star would do ..
surprised at the decent quality and number of pieces . alligator clips seem hardy without being overly aggressive . don't think you'll make a mistake getting these .
this is a well made set of bushing that have a very nice fit and finish . a joy to use .
would not do wood carving without it . i just need three more so i can leave them attached to my router table and drill .
great little utility knife . very sturdy and well built . easy to get to the blades within the knife itself . love that it's angled .
not sure how accurate it is as it is rather cheap but it is consistent and have had no issues with it and would recommend it to any one .
i use this dado set frequently in my cabinet saw . blades are sharp and can be adjusted accurately with the provided spacers . good quality . good value .
what can i say ? a nice selection of wire nails to hang pictures .
i use it as a pocket key chainintense bright led . leaves " spots before your eyes " from across the roomanother job well done mag .
why did i pick dwalt dpg 82-11 c concealer clear anti-fog dual mold safety goggles . these goggle measure up to my expectations
the blade cuts good and runs quieter than my other blade . i would buy another one after this one wears out .
peforms just as advertised . push the button : 1 hour of power . then ... click , no power .
i ordered this for my husband for christmas . he loves dewalt products and wanted to add this to his collection .
this mini remote fits my key chain very well . it operates the door consistently with one click at 75 feet .
it ' really is a very nice piece . works well and is solidly made . i'm happy with this purchase .
arrived on time and as advertised . bought it for my milwaukee circular saw . provides good clean cuts . it's a quality blade at a low price .
a good price for staples . 5000 should keep me in staples for quite a while . i would buy them again .
this was exactly what was explained and i like it and works out nicely for what i want to use it for
flashlight is pretty bright for just 1 aa battery . three points are really sharp . i wish it came with a lanyard for easier carrying .
this set of tools is very good quality . i would recommend this to any pc technician or anyone who works with electronics .
i like this driver a lot . fits my hand perfectly and good battery life with good torque . light makes it very handy to use .
this is great for when you occasionally need a driver but don't have room for individually dedicated tools . i use them with my snap-on ratcheting screwdriver .
i found this one could use for screw nut and wire nut as well , it made in usa , nice quality , i love this .
a good tool to have as it save money on buying drill bits to replace those that gone dull . it sharpens tungsten carbide masonary bits very well too .
durably made , and a more-than satisfactory solution to that problem with plugs sticking out--in this case , in the way of the bed boxspring .
pair with the spool leds and these work great , no failures and they run cool . i have quite a few and they work great indoors and out
brights quite well to areas needed . easy pocket size , shirt or pants . very reliable for dark or to spot things in not so bright area .
zwave on off switch . simple installation and programming . worked flawlessly . led status indicator is included . a must buy for the home automation project .
i think they could have use a little more durable material for the casing other then that it's does the job i got it for to clean tips .
a perfect fit shipped on time at a very good price.identical to the oem knife set . planer runs like new .
i installed 17 10 watt landscape lights using 12 gauge wire & the brightness of all lights seems to be pretty uniform .
i have used them for several months and they catch a lot of dust . they are sturdy and fit well .
because of the size , i had difficulty of finding them locally . i was happy to find them and just " clicked " . i am happy .
if u need a set to have extra this is a set 4 that they come in handy . i recommend them
these are extension socket bits that i purchased as a filler and they work perfectly on my cordless screwdriver and drill .
it seems that i find more and more need for these . this screw that goes with these is what works well in hard to reach places
this is an excellent starter kit for people new to the kreg connection tools . gives a good selection of sizes and uses .
good hard suck out of the box , we will see how long it holds up to the rigger ma role
as expected ge products are always greatwh only use soft white light bulbs and these are easy to find when you need them
i installed a garage waterproof threshold and used this adhesive to glue it down to the concrete slab . it works real well .
i needed a heavy duty cord that could blend in on the wall and in the house , etc . this fits the bill perfectly .
i wanted to replace the bulbs in my maglites that would be brighter and last longer . these led upgrade modules do both .
great little led flashlight key chain makes opening my car or house door at night easy for me to see .
really great product . the illumination on this light is ridiculously bright . i would recommend anyone in the security field to have this light with them .
great jig saw . works really nice . don't need to spend a lot of money for a great jig saw , buy this one .
bought six for gifts and they are great . do what they say they will just fine . good product . would buy it again .
all tolerances are well executed and make use of these fittings a breeze . materials are of equal quality . all seals to external fittings are secure .
i love it ! ! ! well made and highly recommended , i have had it for few month and dropped it many times but still holding up
this is an awesome thermostat . i love controlling the heat from anywhere on my smartphone . you also get reports about your heat usage .
the unit is pretty big , but i was able to push the bed right up against this device and plug inbetter buy than the swivel socket
was great for keeping track of my aquariums power consumption until the screen got all screwed up and just shows gibberish now .
what can i say about a spark plug . it works ! that is a good thing . the alternative is not good . i am well pleased .
puts out a lot of heat , more than my co-workers heat gun that he got off the tool truck . be careful not to burn anything with this !
used it for my electric snow thrower in below freezing weather . the cord stayed flexible and was easy to reel back .
this is absolute junk . placed in a drill press these bits wobble . they're not straight . quality is garbage . dont waste you money .
compact , puts out a lot of heat . noise level not at all objectionable . my parts washer makes more noise . very portable .
easy to hang on the wall and easy to put my brooms in . why didn't i buy one of these years ago ? ?
seems to work fine and fit the heater exactly . i change filters at least twice a year so cost is important .
these staples were exactly as advertised and what we needed to do the job we had to do . great box for storage .
great product , nice sturdy case . i bought extra blades so i can cut anything . this is the real deal and you won't be sorry .
quality and a great value for your money and i would recommend this product to anyone that is needing a replacement .
i bight four of these from amazon . three worked for two months , plugged in ; one of them worked only only for three days .
with temperature control and a good set up this would be a great addition to any hobbyists or semi-pro's tool set .
very accurate , well thought out . i would buy this tile saw again . i had a mk tile saw and this dewalt is much more accurate .
just like the description and still running strong . i really hope they last as long as they boasted to do .
i have not had any trouble with this alarm . no false alarms ... no problems ... no issues ... , works fine .
look good , feel good , what cn you say , tey are biscuits ! they are in a nice container to keep moisture out !
i needed something with american and metric sizes . this does the trick for me and my rv and bike needs .
when i submit this i will be the 74th 5 star review . now thats saying something .
i bought 501b 5 mode which i received 502b 3 mode than stop working after 3 weeks old i want replacement for that flashlight
my husband enjoyed it , he said it worked well , was bright and sipped batteries . was very easy to install :)
not that you wear these belts out to quick , but i am one of those folks that always likes to have spare parts . thanks .
as i said earlier , we go through these pretty fast . they are tough but we are hard on our tools .
this is a good punch at a fair price . so far it has ttaken what i have dished out very well .
i have used this to mix over 30 bags of thinset and grout so far . product is very strong and is holding up well to the mixing
i can not comment on the longevity or durability of this yet , but it seems to be well made and the price was right .
not bad for the price . now i can find out if my friends are on the level . fits in tool bag nicely .
light is easy to install and mounts well on most preexisting hardware . led bulbs burn cool , amd use a fraction of the energy as halogen bulbs .
these are great ! i like the different sizes and it was a good price , install in seconds and look great .
replaced my dewalt saw with this one . wow what a difference . right side fence does not move . i wish they could update this feature .
used these for several projects . first ones i've used so can't compare to others . secured to sander easy and last a good while .
the delivery time was great . when i received it , i installed it and the door works great again . very easy to install .
dont know if i got a good deal on these or not but they are a great tool to have and they are well made for sure.shipping was fast.recommended .
extremely bright led light for the mini-mag lite . the push-button switch light switch is another great product , they are a fantastic addition to my survival kit .
died after 4 months of light use ( less than 300w draw at any time ) . p3 wants nothing to do with you if you need help .
this has a lot of power and has tackled everything i've asked it to . it's much more convenient using a cordless saw than dragging an extension cord around .
worked as expected.now , if i can just shed my laziness to finish prepping the garage walls for paint ... ha .
you can never have too many flash lights . the 18v batteries last a long time and the light is easy to direct where you need it .
this sharp is excellent even though look like cheap . i recommend this product to buy , and you won't have any disappointment .
the unit checks out well , albeit i can't measure the cubic feet per minute . it consumes very low power and is very quiet .
perfect working gloves when finger tips are required . built well hope they last a few years , sor far so good .
i purchased these for my apartment and i love them , they are absolutely beautiful and go great with all of the brushed nickel .
nice reel-in mechanism---smooth fast efficient ! ! ! the line is quality and won't wear out or break prematurely ! ! ! great ergonomic design .
i purchased this hanging light for my kitchen , over our kitchen table , does not require to be hardwire , and has a in line switch .
always practice good eye safety when working with tools , especially high speed tools like dremels and drills . fit comfortably and easy to see through .
everything about it is very flimsy , even the wheels but gets the job done at a decent price . might get one more and stack it .
wonderful replacement just pop off the old one and pop this one on . if its real dirty or beat it is much easier to just replace then clean .
this is great . no more worrying about dry sponges and getting water all over the place . i think this is better cleaner for tip .
i needed something for my motorcycle and this is the perfect solution . easy to program . i wish i had found this years ago .
poor product the grinder attachments are too long , save your money ! i have a dremel that they say fitsand it does not
i like this cord a lot . i makes me happy when other cords let me down . it lights up my life . good deal .
came in a nice plastic storage case , i've only drilled two holes so far but it was flawless . i can't think of any cons right now .
it is easy to strip the threads on the plastic coupling of this otherwise excellent shower head . no wrench needed .
these psi jumbo flat jaws perform great , install easily and holds great , good quality and easily adjusted to fit different bowl sizes . very satisfied .
these connectors work well when connecting led light scrips together . just remember when connecting more then 2 strips you need enough amperage from you power supply .
these are some nice batteries , seem to hold a good charge and the case is nice to store them in without them getting all over the place
not a real big deal i just used these with some incra parts to build a sled for my table saw and they do the job just fine .
intermatic switch is on my pool and working great . the last one lasted 11 years . hope this one does the same .
not my most used rechargeable tool but when you need it ... it comes thru to the end of the job nuff said .
the bits themselves don't hold a sharp edge , but are worth their weight when you need them in a tight spot .
perfect ! i don't have a table saw ( some day ) . this thing is just the answer for beginners such as myself :)
inexpensive , and works perfectly . tested out gfci test function and it worked just fine . very helpful to have when doing renovations / repairs .
highly recommended . don ; t waste time buying toto replacement.this one actually works better than toto thu 140s . the toto thu 140s can't close tightly .
a good basic heater , however the fan is noisy . does a good job , cord does not get warm in use .
good quality bits at a great price . masonry bits are a necessity when hanging closet organizers and bookcase shelving . these bits are high end and well packaged .
comfortable to wear , light works nicely , and the flip up / down monocle for really close detail examinations . glad i chose this magnifier .
this was a good set to replace some sockets that i lost over the years . pretty standard , nothing fancy but good quality and cheap .
love my dewalt wet dry and the filter needs changing once in a while , this is a good price and does the job .
the item was lost in shipping , i have used the rotozip before and know it is a great product , thats why i am rating it so highly .
they look great in the kitchen . they have been in use for months and are really nice . great product for the kitchen
having all three head types in one set is great . grip is comfortable and the steel seems to be high quality even at this price .
this is a great sheath with belt loop . like others have said its a tight fit and there isn't any room for any thing else .
impact sockets do wear out and finding them at a good price but still well built is a must . these work , they are tough and they last .
i use if for only one thing , opening a filter pipe on my swimming pool pump . it's perfect for the job and was just what i needed .
have been using these for many years . well made and so many uses .
using in flush mount ceiling lights and table lights . very pleased with the amount of light they produce . i am purchasing many more !
works real well for redwood stain on our split rail fence . don't know if it will handle regular paint - will find out this summer .
good nightlights for the price they have a brighter glow than similar lights that just cover the plug itslef . got what i expected .
have had these before and use them for many different uses and in many different places . very practical and cheap .
works as advertised . saw the same item in one of the big name home stores for $ 12 more than i paid on amazon .
i like the reveal lights in my house and i ordered these to go along with the small desk lamp when i was deployed to the desert .
square d makes excellent products and this one is one of them . it works exactly as it is supposed to .
they run a long time without needing a charge . they are well worth the price . i highly recommend buying them .
i love the quick change ability of this adapter . i purchased drill bits and other bits to use with it .
can't complain too much since it was so cheap . the door function programs really easy with no problem . but the light function for my opener doesn't work .
durable , decent zippers and built to last . pay attention to the size listed as these were bigger than i expected ( not a bad thing ) .
bought these for odd jobs , good variety of blades and very helpful while working , blades are durable and last a while
excellent tools set . has all kinds of mini heads that open all kinds of electronics . good quality . would purchase again
no complaints regarding this switch everything works great . z-wave works great and good quality ge product . next purchase is the vera 2
works without hiccups . i use it to turn things on and off remotely using micasa verde lite . i would recommend it
i purchase this leviton t 5325 - w 15 amp receptacle to replace the one what i have . it is very solid quality product .
this has a great assortment of different strength hangers . i found this fiery helpful when i moved into a new house .
my first real leatherman tool , i am impressed with the quality and uniqueness of the tool , i believe it will give me many years of service
product works as it should and no problemas are presented when replacement installation is done.no dislikes and all likes.recommended this product to neighboors and familiy members .
we use these in the glass studio for trimming zinc , copper & brass framing ... and they work wonderfully . we highly recommend for careful use ...
product shipped as described and worked perfect . this clamp is perfect for making sure the right angles are true
yes , i'm a ce nerd with a little ee knowledge so i think this thing's cool . i use with enerloop batteries and it works great .
exactly what it is supposed to be / a heavy and strong flashlight . not led or small by any means - but a solid flashlight .
what can you say about light bulbs . these make light . just like every other light bulb . is it 5 star light ? yes .
worked perfectly for installing blum cabinet hinges . the bit shook loose from inside the plastic package , but it wasn't damaged .
... likely a legal necessity but i was hoping for more realism ... plenty close enough to the real thing except for the way over size bill .
my friend has one of these key boxes so i knew what to expect . arrived in good shape and installed easily .
i've had this saw for a couple of years and it works great . i do the occasion remodeling project and this is the best circular saw i've owned .
i keep sharpening a victorinox army knife and a leatherman multitool for several minutes but got unsatisfactory results , not a replacement for a true sharpening stone .
purchased when it was on sale and my husband loves it . he's used it quite a bit and the battery's still going , without having to re-charge .
never used a chalk box this well made or easy to use before . i will definitely be turning some people on to this product .
great product , seems like it will hold up for a long time . i wont use the 1/2 air tool adapter but over all very good product
a hand set of very size bits are included in the cap . a quality and very handy product to have in various places in your home and vehicles .
i bought these lights to repair my fluval fish tank light that went out . worked out great ! saved me $ 50 .
it literally snapped in half after 6 months . right where your right cheek would sit it broke . scared the crap out of me ... literally .
the door bell looks great and has a nice light around it . we would recommend it as a door bell .
bought this for my extra drill motor for quick change bits . works nicely , bits and drills are quickly changed over to save time on jobs
since i get this spray , i use it to spray on my house , it is a good product , and i like it .
i use this to be able to turn the outside spotlights on and off . the range is good from any of the 3 floors in my house .
it lights up when it's supposed to and the light is nice and gentle yet provides very good vision . good stuff .
not good for percussion drills ... it really does the job for wood o metal , but not for concrete ... it is not a long lasting tool ...
this tool is worth every penny . very strong and great for anything from removing and replacing tires to bolting beams together .
this came with about 4 times as many as the box at home depot . these feel just as high quality . very happy .
ordered this to replace my oem blade on my miter saw . greatly reduces tearout and cuts extremely smooth . well worth the money .
the jaws are flush to each other and the cuts are perfect.bought a few of them and they are all great .
works well . they just simply break every now and then . that's to be expected . sure would be nice if they were cheaper though !
there are a great selection of sizes and fit my jessem perfectly . i like how easy they are to take on and off
these work just fine and my only gripe is that they could come with more clips for sockets since they are more than long enough .
... especially if using the same drill for holes and fasteners.in other respects this bit works similarly to its conventional counterpart .
great addition to my miter saw and saved some money by purchasing the non-laser version of the saw and adding this . works perfectly and precisely.highly recommended
i love every diablo blade . they blow away standard blades making it easier to do the job done faster , smoother , safer .
i replace the 120v bulbs as they burn out with 130v because they last a lot longer . the price is good and they arrived on time and unbroken .
nothing super special about this cord as long as it works without incident witch it does and continues to do .
item works well for ac voltage . i have to turn it all the way down and it will still have single false beeps from time to time .
i purchased a mut and this is indispensable for it . has helped on the job and at the range . i recommend getting the extension bit as well .
however , it's the tap handle that makes the whole package exceptional ! well thought out and worth the money . nice product .
if you do a lot of hobby electrical work , treat yourself to this . perfect gauge for most projects . simple and works well .
saved me several trips to the store and a lot of time . fast way to get out of a jam and cheap enough to keep on hand .
this is a nice little item to have around i use it daily at my job .
i got this as a gift and i found it rather funny to be honest . i think it's fun and plan on sending one to a friend !
made pulling the radiator hoses so much easier especially in those hard to reach places that would take you plenty of extra time trying to get loose
not many of these devices work 100 % , nor do many last long . this one joins that club as well . trying the irwin next .
levolor kirsch a7004213315 7/16- inch diameter 28 to 48 - inch width tension ... helped when needed for extra curtain support for bedrooms double curtains .
an extra transmitter for the skylink 318tr opener . works like a champ . replaces my old opener and even allows for extra distance from the garage .
although sealed package , sharpening blades looked used or damaged . does not sharpen well at all after repeated attempts with several knives .
i bought this lamp for my nightstand to replace an old lamp . it works great . i deducted 1 star because the lamp shade was bent .
and cheap to operate . according to the box it will only cost me about $ 3 / year to operate as a security light .
but appears to be of very good quality and better than the originals that come with the toilet that we got from home depot .
these chisels are very sharp and durable . the edge is easy to maintain with the correct sharpening tools they will last years .
very good quality button - my only comment would be that it is a stick-on type button . i don't know if it is waterproof .
so far i haven't had one single kink in the hose , i'm really glad i bought this hose . would buy again .
easy to light and keep lite , economical on butane and decent price . i am very happy to find this handy little torch on amazon .
best spark plug socket out there . the magnet is great so you don't drop it into the cylinder . the quality is superb as well . better than expected
this replaced the original bulb perfectly . i'll get another when the time comes . i wish the package lent itself to better protection .
this is a very high quality looking set of bits . they came in a nice hardwood box . classy . i cat wait to rout something .
can't believe i don't have a set of these already . great concept for the homeowner who doesn't have impact wrenches
nice , easy to use , cost efficient ... does a lot and makes using several cords easy with the side posts ...
these are fantastic . i like wiha durability and quality , this is a nice set to have with you for quick and easy insertion
this is an excellent fan ... quiet and moves air . the mounting kit makes installation so much easier than 20 years ago .
if you own a kreig drill fixture these drivers are a must for reaching hard to get to places and deep work .
this storage box is great for the heavier items like drill bits that you want to put in one place . nice latch that holds well .
these pads did exactly what i wanted them to do . easy to apply and durable . would recommend for any bearing surface .
it's my 12 year old son's lock . he says he loves it and it works . what else could one possibly want ?
used with http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0002thpos/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_hst_5 , works great.could have assembled myself but here it is in one package.quality alligator clamps and decent light socket adapter .
this works just like a dremel , but doesn't cost as much . it has done what i need it to do , and i am happy with it .
my wife uses this to clean and to also remove wall paper . did i say remove wall paper like a champ ? because that's what i meant .
had the product for a couple months now and has been working flawlessly . easy setup and easy controls . get you some !
too small . not what i wanted . just didn't want something this little . wish i'd checked the description closer before i ordered .
this lock adds additional security to your luggage while traveling through us airports . seems well constructed . easy to reset combination .
i do not need to spend alot to make this remote a spare . the programming is easy and it works well .
i use it for my gate . it is working well even in the rain . i am in fl ... lots of rain .
works well for occasional small drilling projects . have used these for jewelry repairs and also for pinhole photography .
maglite lm2a001 replacement lamp for aa mini flashlight is a perfect fit to restore a maglight . , just open and install .
has the bits i needed and it's a easy to keep track of box , i use lots of square drive screws
the clamps are ok nothing great just decent clamps . i thought they would hold better than they do . good price
this is a very handy power screwdriver for small tasks around the house . there's decent torque using alkaline batteries although i haven't tried nimh yet .
no neutral was needed . you twist 3 wires together and and it works . connected to adt fast and easy.michael lipchock
arrived bent and would not cut wire of any size cleanly . returning and spending ten bucks on something else to see if that buys me a useable tool .
great value for safety glasses . at some point they all get too scratched to safely see out of . these are affordable .
poor instructions but still easy to install . works fine but is noisy . i can here it running too well inside my house .
use this in my fishing tacklebox . sharpens everything . i have three of them . thediamond rod is great for serrated blades
got these for $ 9 when i ordered my stahl soldering iron . they work just fine . using these in my 12v rgb lighting hobby .
this item does what it is supposed to do . it about eliminates blade wobble .
i bought these bulbs to replace the 40w appliance bulbs my old lava lamp takes . these work great for that purpose , and the price was good too .
with electronics you get every type of plug and these go right along with the surge protector from the same company for odd plugs .
just as described , fits perfectly on either of my unisaws , one from the 70 ' s and the other twenty years newer .
i took the shooting and i did use a 45 but it really did muffler sound very well i would highly recommend this for anyone to go shooting
easy wiring , simple design and so far so good . had it running 24/7 in a retail enviroment for several months and had no issues .
not much to say , its a dremel brand saw blade , very sharp and fit the dremel . precise as usual from dremel !
was an instant tool to be used in my small arsenal for repairs in my home and on my motorcycle .
the cost of most blades are pricey ; however ; these are reasonabl , they preformed well . i will purchase a more complete set in the future .
back and arms work together make the moving easier , especially for the heavy ones . it's a must for big and heavy stuff .
great glasses . light weight and well built . seems like they will last as long as you take care of them
... you want if you are fueling a small alcohol stove , like the trangia or similar . burns hot and clean . would purchase again .
holds all my small tools and random junk around the work bench , resulting in a lot cleaner work surface ! i wish i would have ordered more !
great bit set unfortunately i haven't used all of them yet to report on longevity . if i have any issues in the future i will let you know .
used these to replace some halogen bulbs and they are not very bright . thought with the extra leds they would have been brighter than they are .
this product works perfectly and was priced right . i am very pleased with this puchase .
i got locked out of this device while trying to set it up and now it is useless . no way to reset
these are awesome when they work . i have no luck with them in a hand held drill but with the drill press or bridgeport they work like magic .
worked great to help me cut straight lines for the new vinyl plank flooring installation . should last longer than i will .
mighty handy when one has a rats ' nest of wires around the computer or entertainment center . this is a well made product .
nice and sharp , but i almost feel like i could have bought cheaper cutters that do the same thing with same effectiveness
very powerful and your arm will tire before you can get through two 18v ni-c batteries . needs special velcro sandpaper tho .
i needed another battery but the price of this set up made it worth while to buy the dual charger is also a great unit
great organizer for my butt connectors and heat shrink and such . built well . great price . i have 2 and will be buying another
it fits my older fridge and filters the water and ice . the initial fit isn't 100 % perfect but it does not leak .
super fast delivery ! ! ! i was very happy until the one light died on the 2nd day :(
clip comes in handy and the cranks have held up to kids using them to keep the boogeyman away for over 6 months .
great product for doing fine layout in an easy way . i bought around $ 200.00 for about 5 other similar incra rulers and measurement tools .
same as you would get from the culligan man same hardware same form and function . if your handy this is easy to bolt to the wall
this ladder is very well built and adjusts nicely . only drawback is that it is heavy to move around . great buy compared to the little giant .
the shipment came on time . exactly what my husband needed for his job . he is so happy with it and uses it all the time .
i used it to cut smart siding panels and cedar trim wood . powerful tool and has a good feel . good solid performer .
i have running off 2,000 w generator feeding 3 extension cords with multiple appliances plugged in . works as advertised and would recommend .
easy to use and not as messy as the old wax ring seal . went together like a charm . make certain you have the correct size .
built well and works great i use it for uv activated glue . have had no issues with it . battery seems to last for a long time .
had it for more than a year and no complains so far , sound is very pleasant . batteries last very long !
i would recommend this to anyone wanting to upgrade their existing towel rod . the lifetime warranty says it all . i highly recommend this product .
had no trouble installing and using this disc right away . shipping was very quick and i'm able to refinish my kitchen table with not much elbow grease .
these lights are a wonderful addition to my toolbox . the magnets hold them in place like glue and the dual beams really light up the work area .
i used this to build a temperature controller for my reef tank . it works great .
have this set in the house to do small jobs around the house . has worked well for those needs . good price as well .
this wrench is great for places that are not easy to get into , such as the underside of the kitchen sink . this is a great tool !
could be better . the tolerance of the moving parts could be better but it works well enough .
they are what i expected for what i paid . the box is really flimsy and was broken on arrival . i didn't buy this for the container .
worked like a charm . very handy tool to have for these odd ball screws that these electronics company use to detour you from repairing your own equipment .
these were a great buy for name brand filters . they arrived when promised and fit perfectly . will be ordering all my filters from amazon .
it fits and easy to wear and comfy - i'll know if it keeps fumes out when the paint comes in .
this bits are perfect for using with an angle bit holder in tight situations . they do not hold a sharp edge for long , but are worth it .
think i probably need to open the door bell push - but unable to do so . - instructions very vague - can't make work
got these for the old house and they worked great . i do not have any allergies so i cannot comment on the filtration efficiency .
this is a nice little kit for a good price . it comes in a custom carrying case . good set for getting started or adding on . recommended .
bought this for a detached garage that i rented at my old apartment complex ; no complaints and it worked well .
i love this jig for its cost and ease of use . i recommend this for anyone making a taper cut on a table saw
technology is wonderful ! now i don't need candles to get the effect . i will be using these year-round . i love this product !
this is a very nice set of precision screwdriver bits for all the those small electronic projects or anything else requiring small bits .
i bought this for my bird heated baths this winter .. it does a great job . i bought another one for my holiday decoration next winter
works exactly as advertised . is built well and is of high quality . definitely recommend for hard to reach items and grasp .
did not work as expected had some problems with them as they were not what was need for the specified job .
i got this to use with plans i found online to build your own bed . worked great ! nice variety of sizes .
they work . i wish i had gotten 10 " ones for my application but they work either way , just a bit tighter .
stroke is only 6 inches ; needs 7.5 inch stroke for door to fully open ( over 90 degrees ) . otherwise , fit and finish are fine ..
i have been using 3 these aubes for 2 years now . they are fantastic ! much better then the intermatic that they sell at home depot ...
these are nice screws for 1 - inch material . i only wish they would also make some more rugged #10 versions of their screws .
i use these dogs a lot on my bench . though some species of plastic , they're really quite durable and they'll outlive me .
flashlight feels expensive and emits a very bright white light . the red light is perfect for aviation cockpit use and is just the right brightness .
easy to install , sturdy and you really need them on your planer . typical dewalt quality . you will not be disappointed .
home depot and lowes wanted almost $ 6 a piece for halogen lamps . these are the better xenon at $ 3 ea shipped to my door !
again thumbs up is all that's necessary direct replacement works fine love it buy it my life is so complete now that i have it
these little picks work great for what they suppose to work for everything will break if you over load it
title says it all . it's like any other simple solder iron - just heats quicker and hotter ( important for circuits )
i've used it to cut well beyond it's recommended list of materials , no issues . works as you expect from dewalt - excellent .
i have two black & decker drills that are 12 volt and i bought this as a extra battery and it holds a good charge .
nada mal para el precio se ajustan bien , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i own mini grabbers before and these are not mini at all . it is fairly large in comparison to my mini sets .
works very well on the spotlights inside and out side my house . the attachment work on virtually every bulb in my house .
what's not to like ? it is a little lighter and has a few nicities missing from the earlier skilsaws i've owned .
i used this to crimp some battery cables for my 1966 mustang and this worked like a charm . highly recommend !
this outlet tap is made very solidly and does what it is supposed to do perfectly . i am taking off a star because the color is ugly .
not much to say about screwdriver bits . these work as you would expect them to work . i have had any issues with them .
i gave a five star rating for excellent performance and cost of this item.stanley tools makes good afforable tools that last . i highly recommend this product .
sometimes you will run into a problem that just happens intermittently . digital devices do not take a sample constantly . this type is needed then .
put these on any appliance and watch the meter . by going through each one you should get a good idea on what you spend your money on .
outstanding value and good price . the set is durable , easy to use and the storage boxes make it a perfect choice .
the flexible arm on the waterpik makes for a most enjoyable show . with the low flow adjustment , this really fits the bill .
replaced my original lights on my kubota 4330 tractor and fanatic improvement . clean and very bright lights . glad i purchased them .
i wanted a adjustable wrench that could fit in my bicycle bag for road repairs that was tuff and compact . this meets my needs .
i use this wrench alot around the home . always like stanley tools for the quality and price . this is a good tool i would recommend
quality and usefulness is great . im giving it only 4 stars though because they are a bit pricey and could be a bit longer .
this is a too for all people that do arts and craft . its super handy and with the flex cord make it easy to handle and use .
they work great . the light given off is amazingly bright . these light work great for the area that i need them . service was very good .
good breaker bar , seems well made and does not bend easily . for the price and warranty whats to complain about .
just what i wanted.came on time as promised . it is a good value . i am putting it in the top of a curio cabinet i am building .
must have for all warehose shoppers . opens plastic with ease . also comes with box cutter like attachment . great idea !
i used it to repair the tiles that we're falling off a table . set quickly and was easy to use .
very handy tray for zero gravity chairs . two cup holders , two slots for phones , pens , little items , and easy to install and remove .
saw the same thing in walmart for 10.00 less . dah ... silly me . no problem with the product . very convenient
a set of 2 at a good price but the battery life is not that good . rechargeable batteries might help
really handy to use only problem release on handle difficult to operate , does not release easily how ever would advise to buy
this multi pack was purchased so that i would have different types of grit to ensure i do the job right , very helpful , loved this purchase .
not happy about the quality of this product . seems better on the site than in person . not buying it again and not recommending it to anybody .
for the size of this small little bugger its bright ! got it for my wife and she loves it . the led is superb .
the mask fits well and does not feel uncomfortable on your face . i use it for spraying pesticides and it has worked out well so far .
these are good quality shoes for the price and are reasonably lightweight . i did a fair amount of research and very happy with purchase .
i am a cabinetmaker , 20 years of experience , i am not going back to conventional hand saw ! ! ! this babe cut ! ! !
they fit well , take stain or paint , and are consistant . what more could you ask for ?
good adapter set . the range of adapters is perfect , and the compact rack was easily installed into a small plastic tool suitcase since it has mounting holes .
it's a strong , durable key storage box that allows me to change the combination as often as i need to and it's very easy to do .
a very important tool to measure corner angles when installing crown and other moldings.use it all the times when needed .
a good staple priced about what you expect to pay . i would buy and use these staples again wherever needed
this condensate pump works great . i have had it installed for about a year and have not had any problems .
had them in the hayfield and mowing with the bush hog . great results !
i bought these for my husband , but i use them sometimes when i mow the lawn . they are quite comfortable and good for blocking motor noise .
this tape is 25 ' so it great for measuring small areas . my son loves this product . i would recommend it .
very happy with this product . it really tells you what each item in the home is costing on electricity and will help change behaviors .
use these for my suitcases and bags when i travel by air.also use them to transport my guns to the range and back .
bought these for all my maglights . unlike most leds i've used , this throws a bright beam quite a distance .
super product for the price ... easy to hold and does a super job of sanding whatever product you want . i would buy this item again ...
one of the accessories i bought to use on a conventional angle grinder instead of purchasing an expensive sander / polisher just for buffing .
simple solder sucker . inexpensive and does the job . no issues yet ! the plunger glides easily and feels sturdy . i'll see if it lasts .
the lutron cw - 4 - wh 4 - gang claro wall plate , white was difficult to locate in a local retailer . it looks clean and modern .
simple quick review.easy to use , will detect live electrical outlet with out touching it.comes with two plug in probes.comes with carrying case and batteries .
this is a very good accessory to the drill . they are well made and will last years for all kinds of jobs .
this is a fantastic every day carry knife , has a sturdy pocket clip , comes razor sharp , the spring assist in lightning fast .. scary fast .. awesome
brilliant is more like it , you want a spotlight head light ? buy this , no zoom thoughno multi mode either .
bright white light ; 3 watts ; prices coming down ; only reason i didn't give 5 stars is i don't know if it will last > 25k hours .
bought this to use with my variable speed dremel tool . works great and i highly recommend this to any who need to do some sanding in tight areas !
great lite . i bought two and no problems , just great service . i would buy again in a heartbeat.value for your money !
has a clip that you can hook to your tool pouch.inside you can keep all the small tools and hardwarethat usually gets lost out of your bag .
nice seat , easy to clean and continues to shine . could have been a little heavier , but nice for the price .
the nailer has performed flawlessly so far . no complaints . it has been a good purchase . milwaukee makes a good nail gun .
works extremely well . hangs on the wall wherever there's a stud . skip the electronic stud finders , this works fine.also works great as a fridge magnet .
this little flashlight is very bright for it's size and is light weight . the price is about the best i've seen per lumen . i'd recommend this flashlight .
i haven't used my pocket hole system yet , but i will . what can i say ? you gotta have screws to do the job !
amazon please add this product with the shorter shaft as listed on their box.this tool is great to have .
good little flash light but not as good as the bigger makita that i also use . but they are one third the cost .
the tip is perfect for those pia small terminals found on some contactors and blocks ... the end is clearly marked and easy to find in the bag
i love this tape . it will go around poles , cabinets corner walls . anything you want to get a measurement of . i would buy this again .
it fits ; it works ; it was easy to install ; i expect it to last another decade , just like the original one did .
not bad if you keep your wall thickness below 3/8 " and drill bits 1/2 " or smaller . good for light to medium work .
this tool works great . a quick easy way to add a featherboard to your tablesaw . two clicks and its in place . easy peasy .
works well detecting leaks on the floor . quite loud and annoying . the included battery has lasted longer than i expected . hope this helps someone .
ordered two - one adult and one child sized . they are like new and this price is extremely good . you will need to order new filters .
they work . they are light bulbs . the light is pleasing and warm just the way i like it .
great product and quality built . i will expect many good years of service from this tool and it was worth the extra $ over the cheaper tools .
the command shower caddy was just what we needed to hold shower necessities and it is a nice feature that it can be relocated in the future .
so there you are , a utility item , well-spooled and packaged and ready for use as needed . my weller surface mount is waiting .
this works great for bringing the outlet out to where it should be when boxes are put in to deep . wish i had invented this !
these are nice and seems as well built as more expensive models . sensitivity seems prefect , it's rugged and easy to read
this nylon spudger works exactly as advertised , but it is very overpriced at $ 5 each . the sharp tip end does get dull after extended use .
i have used part of it and the stones are a bit soft for tool steel but it has diamond tools in it that work fine on hard steel .
easy to install and the price was very reasonable . it adds enough light to the kitchen , so we do not have to turn on the overhead lights .
i had to send these back as i ordered them and they did not fit the machine i thought they would i dont know how they work
i put this in a rental unit where the original door bell had given out . so far the tenant says it works ok .
awesome little flashlight , very bright , compact , cool little clip feature as well as the adjustable head for more pinpoint lighting
see my review for the schlage f10ply619 . same knob for passage applications . good quality for the cost and a reliable product .
the lid lock , the separators , the size . a very nice box for the price . really ! more words , it's just a box .
a great collection of blades for wood , plastic and metals . priced right and quick shipping . i like the nice carrying case also .
it will shut off water , but continues to leak , so this did not provide a solution to turning water completely off would not recommend
these are very handy when you just need something to affectively move the outlet from behind something . i have used all of mine and am considering ordering more .
it is true that it doesn't have 20a ends , but the cord is very well made and at a pretty good price .
very useful tools in a plastic good case , keeping them together as a set protected from weather when out and about .
it works most of the time . it is very bright when its on . seems to have a problem with the switch . works good on my judge .
this took about 15 minutes to setup and put on the side of the garage . it is a great garage door opener for the money .
this is an excellent dust collector for small shop . great for the price.the only issue i had is i thought the lid should be sturdier .
prob . ordered wrong have no use for it since it won't work no override . cost more time and money to send back than its worth .
this thing is great , i think you loose less torque using this than a cheaper one ? get it , it's great
just a little cooler than incandescent bulbs . i like this 3000k bulb color better than the 2700k bulbs . not blue at all . dimming works well .
best blade i own ! cut steel like butter ! smoothe even cuts . don't waste your money on anything else ! must have !
i gave this a gift to a friend who loves the color blue . she really like this . it's an elegant night light .
i purchase this type of cord for my business . this medium duty cord is very durable and works great for extending power for my daughters television .
these are great , just like my other fastcap glasses . lightweight , good coverage , these even have uva and uvb protection . what else do you need ?
i've had lots of trouble with my toilet , this seems to be doing the job perfectly for now at least .
this product works great and does what it needs too ! never really had any problems with desoldering wicks not working to well , normally its user error !
enough adapters and connections to get you start . i am not sure about the quality of the metal but will be adequate for light / occasional use .
i have an older genie screw drive that is of the non-magnetic variety . this carriage worked perfectly and saved me hundreds of dollars on a new opener .
im not going to go into alot of detail im just going to suggest looking alittle longer and finding a better mini multitool .
12/3 is plenty heavy duty for my uses and this thing works well . i needed a short extension and this gives me three in one !
this is a bright light at a great price very happy over all good buy ! !
cannot do without these lights ! we have them along the hall , in the bathrooms and along the outside walks ( yes , they are weather proof ) .
i bought two of these to fit on my htc bases and it does just what you want and locks easily .
it works but it does take a few minute to stir up an antique white paint 1 gallon can . you need patience .
for the price , you cant beat it . there is a nice variety of bits , and the few that i've used have done the job .
it pretty fugly , but it's functional and does what it's supposed to do ... unless you're deaf , or want to be , turn the volume down .
i felt like the handle was well made and for the price it cannot be beat . easy installation and not a lot of play in it .
instant on , great dimming range , use in bedroom under a frosted glass fixture that's rather ugly ( haven't replaced it yet ) . very happy .
the sissors stopped working but everything is still in working order and if / when this breaks , i will buy another leatherman to replace this one ...
as a lexus mechanic use this socket all the time for wheel bearings , have had zero issues .
starts to bind around 14 1/2 ft . whatever , i don't need all 16ft , but its kind of like false advertising .
this works real well . too well if you forget it is there , which i did . it seems to do well even on smooth floors .
this cord is hard to find with lighted ends and a great price . i bought two and bought another later because of the quality and price .
great little combo lock . good operation and solid . matches well with my pelican travel case . cable is easier to use than clasp or hasp locks .
i used it to clean up an old reel to reel tape recorder and it worked well . took a lot of the dirt off .
expensive as all hell , but the heat from the original filament bulbs were melting things . i will say this , they're brighter than i expected .
i have only used this a few times but it works great and it sure beats dragging out a cord .
this set allows accommodations for any size wire bit . works perfectly and i recommend this collet nut kit to anyone needing to use small guage bits .
i use this for all my prodgects . it works great . now i am writing to fill in space . now i am writing to fill in space .
no more messing with cords , makes life easier when cutting things out . has enough power for all the projects i do .
it's a bit stiff opening and closing the jaws but it's a nice compact size for what i needed it for .
beautiful . stunning . it seems like it's water repellent , like the water just jumps off of it , and it never looks dirty . great product !
runs on one aa battery - well made - very bright . had it for a week and ordered two more .
i love this light . it has no issues whatsoever , unlike some other brands i've had before . getcha one or two of these
good battery charger . i wish there were more space to charge batteries other than aa . it would make it more convenient .
these are great with my cordless screw driver . sometimes i need this attachment to loosen or tighten nuts or bolts in a jiffy .
a piece of the screwdriver tip broke which made this thing completely useless . at least i didn't spend too much money on it , disappointed customer .
please see my review for the bed / bath version of this lever . the products are identical except this one doesn't lock .
it leaves two little lines in the boards when they come out but are sand-able . guess someone dropped them when packaging .
good , cheap multimeter , perfect for troubleshooting some electrical issues with my ducati . definitely recommend this product to anyone who just needs a cheap tester .
we use this tool all the time.great for those that do lots of the household improvements themselves.would recommend to everyone !
very small for so much lite . 1.25 inches long.take advice from reviews lot of good tips for keeping it together and . working good .
i like the fluke ' system ' of components that fit on the ends of their silicone cables . these gator clips complement the probes nicely .
ordered these for leveling jacks as the original ones where un coated steel and well rusted away this pack covers from small to large and snap right into place .
i use this stuff to water proof outdoor co-ax connections . i even use it on various locations on my car , such as door latches , etc .
you should replace your smoke alarms every 10 years , this is an inexpensive way to do so . great peace of mind .
gets the job done ! sometimes a power saw isn't handy and this saw fills the need . cuts through wood boards and plastic piping easily and fast .
i used on a wood job and several of these bendless nails bent . i was very upset with the quality .
liked this a lot , just a little to pricey , if it were a little cheaper i think it would sell better , i know i would buy another
no leaks , well made . i think people who have problems with these probably don't use tape . like they should . bye
handy tool for any home projects . good quality stainless steel , nice handle . a little overpriced but ... i would deffinetly recomend this product .
awsome saw at an awsome price . dewalt is top of the line and it arrived a little beat up but great saw .
better than the one we were using , catches a lot ! well made . will buy again when i run out of these .
it has a good light but its not working more than 3 hours night times after full charing in sunny day .
after seeing what others are charging for these bulbs , this is a great deal ! and now i have a spare !
stabila make the best professional grade levels . if your a pro and it needs to be plumb or level get a stabila ! !
a fine piece of equipment . works great even with pilotedbits . highly recommend any dremel user pick one up
easy to install . heavy sturdy base . nice finish . great price . i highly recommend this for any house looking to simple decorate
great add on to the router we bought . easy to install and use . precise and very useful add on to bosch .
well made tools and bargin priced . the ball-ends make hard to reach allens less a headache . great for working on bicycles for installing cages and racks .
these bits are okay , they dont hold up very well and wobble quite a bit in my dremmel , not the best product but the price was right
the design of this dust collector is great . it fits well on the tool , allows a great view of your work , and collects dust very well .
everything is here and has worked so far . i'll downgrade my rating later on if something breaks but for now 5 stars !
again this track is exactly what i wanted . it will do the job required and should give me no trouble .
the durability looks pretty good , and the adjustable feature works as written . i would get another if i ever needed one .
dead on arrival so back it went . can't say much more but disappointed this time with schlage . very surprised it didn't work
no problems . works well i've bout ten of these for my different flash lights . not sure what else i can say .
works fine as replacement for my old opener . same connections easy set up snap to use . i recomend this to anyone
we have multiple cutter , this 8 " is great but not the best compare to ours . would still recommend if you are within budget :)
i do a lot of prototyping and i need an assortment of wires to plug into a solderless breadboard . these are great !
these are a good set of test clips . they feel solid . only time will tell but so far so good .
hi guys , this is one of the safest sleds i have used for making rails on my delta 3hp shaper . you can't go wrong.highly recommend .
does what it's supposed to do , well made , and includes useful drill bit holder . good value .
good tool for small jobs around the house . the bad thing is that the tip is not adjustable for the different kinds of tips .
returned it and went to a big box for a lot less . not always needed . check your local code source .
starting to hit the stores in the form of lams ... amazingly bright , compact , easier to use than a maglitepush button on off and push pull focus .
excellent product.very user friendlyi found my tap water potable.hot water from tap more than 50 ppmaquarium water more than 500 ppm-not potable ! ! !
really pleased with the filtering ability of these filters . whole family suffers from allergies and these seem to help out considerably .
this is a well made product the only problem is it doesn't fit my tripod . that's my fault , but i kept it anyway .
the fine teeth seem much better than the four tooth chuck that is stock equipment . i need the extra grab ...
this is a great product ... the look is neat and the price is right , makes a great accompaniment to a knife when gift giving ...
this tile nippers are perfect for snapping odd shapes of tile figures , very easy to use and good hand grabbing too .
keep one handy , you may never need it , but it's a good investment for when you do .
used it for a few times so far and seem to be holding up well . only time will tell how they stand up to my kind of use .
i bought these to power my led strip lights . it does what it is supposed to do . installation was simple . it works . no problems .
it fit 4 " hose on one end and 2 1/2 " hose on the other . do you have any questions ? duhhhhh .
easy to use . just depress the plunger , heat your solder point , get the tip close and press the button . simple design works well .
this abrasive cut-off saw consistently trips 20 amp circuits . after about 6 months of moderate use the clamp system broke . do not but this saw ! ! !
this outlet is the same as the ones i had gotten from home depot , but this one is half the price .
only a few bits that are useful , good for the price and little work at home , not recommend for industrial
works great and it is the only kind of flashlight i will purchase in the future . and i would recommend this to everyone .
it produces a super amount of light for it's size.on lower power it lasts a very long time . i bought 2 and i will buy a couple more .
great gift idea for the woodworker in your life . i use it often and got it on sale with free shipping .
good stuff ... i use this around door frames that do not quite close the gap . this solves that daylight glimmer problem .
works great to splice two hoses together for an extended hose setup . runs my dust collecton system across my entire workshop .
great product and great price . this is our 3rd one , they wear out after heavy use and aren't worth repairing
this knife is a good size and very light - - so it is easy to carry . it has all the quality you would expect from leatherman .
i often do electrical improvements in my house and this outlet works just fine . no complains . no negatives . easy to install and good quality .
this led headlamp is very very bright.it is on a robot i built and lights the way for nighttime autonomous missions.highly recommend !
these double drive screwdrivers are the best screwdrivers i have ever owned . having a precision one is fantastic . highly recommend
for the price this set of hole saws meets your requirements . plastic box helps keep items organized for future use .
fit and finish are ok - - bright and reliable ( but not blinding ) ... and a good value , considering the price .
great 7w - 300 lumen light from supermarket01.bright light . solid construction . as advertised.this light is a great value .
they're filters , and they work . they were rightly priced , got here quick ( prime ) , and they fit the assembly , so i'm very happy .
very small plane . this plane works ok , but is a lot smaller then i expected . it feel like a plane for a small child .
since it can work both as a disk lock and a lock in most cases . i have a ninja 650 . nice quality and relatively inexpensive .
great for older table and miter saws because it allows for accurate setting of bevel and compound miters . makes setting angles a one-handed operation .
really finishes blades off nicely . would be nicer if ya could store on main sharpener some how . warning blades will be über sharp but also dull quicker
the steiner 21923 welding gloves are true top quality gloves . i use them to handle my 3 parrots and boy they bite .
the ball head is pretty useful for off-axis use . quality set although i wish it were easier to remove these wrenches from the plastic holder .
a solid , well built wrench set , i like the ratcheting part of this set , wish it went up to 3/4 in , ,
heavy , too shallow to get broth , who needs a spork anyhow . tools are good . length is right but too damned heavy .
one of them ( can't remember which ) already started to bend a little bit ... i wouldn't call these a good value if they bend after single use !
not a great deal to say about these ; other than they do what they are supose to . they hold stuff up on the walls .
the cheaper 3m masks look similar , but this series is made of a much nicer rubber . it's comfortable for hours on end .
the bulb shines very dimly and seems to change color as time elapses . not what i expected . will not purchase more .
this thing is a beast . it arrives surprisingly sharp , and it's been a breeze to de-bark hardwood with it . highly highly recommend
bought this for my husband's stocking at christmas . he liked the led brightness and he likes the multiple configurations you can set it at .
works well for my needs . very adjustable , able to get into tight places . the magnetic base allows for works well .
works well . cushioned head band fell off , i'll just glue it back on , kinda annoying though . not too comfortable either ...
great addition to black & decker bdcdmt 120 20 - volt matrix drill makes it more veritable gives my drill a wider range
okay quality . not that great . it is okay for casual use , serious users they may want to look for better quality .
and this is right up there . i want flashlights that can be recharged by the sun and / or crank . this meets the bill .
this product was easy to install and made of solid materials . nothing to critque . i would have liked an intergrated tape .
this is a great 1/2 drive breaker bar that performs up to the standards of a 3/4 bar . i would recommend it
for sure one of the best ways to add a maglite to your tool belt or to carry it and have it ready for use
when you need to keep from damaging the screen every time its is opened , this little device , without fanfare , is just the ticket
haven't used them , but came intact and undamaged . decent price . good to have in the first aid kit . 2 more words required
strong and sturdy product . unlike other reviews i have read , i have not had an issue with the protective rubber housing coming loose and not fitting properly .
it's great the part of the head.but the tube is hard to fixed.because the part of that is made with tubbe .
have sharpened the spike to grab easier , other than that , works great . just need some lock tight .
item works good and easy to use when testing your items handle grips got a good fill and use it like chop sticks and stay right there in place
a good holster for small flashlites , and portable on the belt for carrying them around . very usefull purchase indeed !
this item arrived quickly and was put into use . it is simple to operate and helps in determining the ph level in water easily .
used these from my power source for my computers & printers ... makes it much easier to reach things . behind the desk and make great stocking stuffers .
lack water proofing material at the ends of the cord lock . it is small and neat and works ok in keeping water from reaching the plug ends .
good quality mask . exceeds my expectations . would definitely make this purchase again or recommend to anyone who is interested in this type of product .
great little handy flashlight for any key chain , come in handy when you need it most , and i am very pleased
great and easy to use . definitely worth buying just to have and in case of emergencies cause you never know when you'll need it
for the price i couldn't pass it up being quick connect bits . for what i do for a living , this is more than adequate !
while purchasing this for my vehicle , it has a few more uses.in the house , you can look behind appliances without moving them - a real back saver !
well made with plenty of grommets to tie down tarp for windy conditions also double reinforced corners for extra strength where it's needed the most
good tool , usually i design my yacht models and paint is so use a lot of fine tools , i nominate them for a 5 stars
i put two 100 watt bulbs in this and it handled it just great . there is not much else to say .
nice small set of pliers . note that these are smaller than a lot . you're probably more familiar with 8 or 9 inch pliers .
very convenient compact screwdriver set . i keep it in the kitchen everything drawer and grab for it more often that i thought i would .
i use something similar at work , and they really keep your hands from getting that deep-down dirt that makes your hands crack .
this item did not work for me . north was not consistent . we compared with others to verify and ended up returning the item .
not exactly stackable , or mountable , but for what they are .. perfect size , and cheap . i use these to stick all sorts of loose parts
great tool , works great . to bad it is only needed for limited uses . strong and it works on two sizes
seems like good construction , holding my batt operated driver kit and brad nailer with a little space left over for odds and ends
great for around the house , works great for small projects . so far no jams , and i love the case it seems well made .
i saw the other reviewers liked these screens for sanding i did not like them , they plugged very quickly and made to much dusty debri .
figured i was getting a top quality tool . very disappointed , only used a couple of time and the cutting edge does not line up any longer . junk
good handle and balance . cross pein required a little shaping . highly recommmended for the price . great for adjusting plane irons .
it is really nice and it is a sorry situation to not purchasing other type of product such as extra coarse and fine stones .
this product is amazingly well designed , they seem to have thought of every circumstance . i highly recommend it . it is penty bright
i broke the original bit that came with my impact screwdriver tool and so far these have held up through my uses .
the main gear is plastic . it broke within the first week i had it using it under a light load .
nice heavy duty extension cord with many uses ! it will handle most of your tool needs indoor and outdoor . recommended !
don't seem to hold the charge as long as some other batteries i own only get a few hours on a charge .
bought these as a stocking stuffer for a new gardener . she is very pleased with them . i may even buy myself some .
nice functional , heavy duty bag i bought a ' gift-wrap ' for a bunch of tools i gave a bride / groom for a shower present .
instead of buying brand name adapters for double the price these will do the same thing and are good quality .
i've used it a few times and it's given me no problems . it does come with one blade in a little hidden compartment on the side .
this bit is heavy duty and seems like it will serve me well for a very long time . two more .
they work as advertised . i would say these are good for low torque situation when using a 1/4 " driver . not meant for hard use .
the tekton extension bar set is worth the money . it fits nicely on my ratchet and socket set . it is solid and durable .
this is a package of different type saw blades which will get you started when using your jigsaw .. nothing special but they are a great set ..
wow what a bright flash light , i have got friends to purchase these it simply is a fantasic light foe the money
great stuff . really good at killing the grubs that moles feed on . just spray it on and water it in .
philips l prize version is over a 60w incandescent , this is only a 40 equiv , at 9 w . ge didn't do it right .
i am in grounds work so safety glasses are required for almost everything we do . these are comfortable and lightweight and i like the nascar logo.great bargain too .
i nice assortment for the money . the fuse tester / puller is a nice added feature . i have no complaints and think it is a good value .
at the price , it is good and contains useful screws commonly used . recommended . the quality of screws are good . recommended .
helps me get those extra tools to the job site . need this for the jobs that are a great distance away
is a great tool , i recomended.the variable speed is good and the weith is ok.the performance of all materials is very good .
this unit is well worth the money . it is of high quality with no leaks and powerful on all settings .
i choose this product because my filter already had one of this brand , and it worked fine . seems to work fine .
this wrench is a must if you are in tight places where a normal wrench just won't do . well made and durable .
nothing hi-tech here , though it is well-made . would be nice if stanley made smaller and larger versions of the same .
why burn up your gas tips if you 1 dont use gas and 2 dont use solid core wire ? get it and make your welder a performer
good quality material , looks great . fits well with my theme in the bathroom . recommend this to anyone looking for this type of product
what can i say about this thing . it does almost everything that i want . i even polished my wedding ring which came out real nice
nice blades they come in handy for all type of projects that come up time and time againwether it might be on the job or for home use .
if you are doing a lot of drywall work , this tsquare is great . it comes in handy for normal tqare things too !
i carry one with me at all times and in all of my vehicles and motorcycles . bright adjustable beam on a single aa battery .
bought these for gifts and they are wonderful bright lights for the price and only luckily only take one aa battery .
given as a gift to my daughter and her family along with batteries to stock the battery operated toys my granddaughters love . works well .
nice set of drill bits for the money they are perfect fro around the house jobs and are sharp and long lasting
affordable and gives you a sense of comfort knowing there is one readily available at various location of our home .
these are not a bad light for the price & the stake is metal . i just switched the bulbs from 20 watt to10 watt .
great for pc and small stuff and the price wasn't so bad , the item is pretty strong , no complaints here .
not much to say ; this is basically just a calibrated resistor . it works , it's as easy to install as a wire loop .
we used this in out japanese pagota . it does a great job finding a remote spot light it hard but this one works well .
used these connectors to hook up the power supply . made the connections very easy and fool proof , since i am not the best solderer in the world .
this beats using the old fashioned wrench to loosen the 1/8 inch tools you install in your dremel tool . now you need only your finger to install tools .
this light supports itself ... is flexible ... and you can adjust it over your keyboard or reading material at your computer .
this is a simply magic bulb ; for my needs it is perfect in color and brightness , runs cold for hoursit worked perfectlywill update if lasts less than advertised
bought my first leatherman back in the 80s . that one has served me well , decided to get a new one . very well built
excellent fit - does what it's supposed to do . made out of quality material / components - yet lightweight . cannot say much about durability yet .
the title says it all , and it is relatively affordable as well . i bought 10 of them and they all worked fine .
came fast worked well went on easy looks good can clean and it's ok.and know no one will forget to put the seat down .
we don't smoke in the house so we needed a door bell in the garage . this one works great with the front door open or closed .
haven't had a set of these for the last 40 years of wrenching ! .. after 2 weeks i have used them twice ... sure makes things easier .
i've been using these on a regular basis for more than a year now and have had no problems whatsoever .
i want to control the snarl behind my seat . this bag is just right for jumper cables . it will serve its purpose well .
so glad i found these ! they work at least 50 ' away and thru multiple walls ! no way to beat them for the price !
works great with my network .. a little buzzing but i expect that from various bulbs , it's not annoying but you can hear it if the lights are dimmed
this is a excellent quality outlet expander . does it job ... cleans up clutter at outlet and fits into socket well . 100 % please and highly recommend .
i wish more tool companies still made their tools in the usa . channellock ooze quality and i have a drawer full of blue handled pliers .
these shelves seem to be strong and worth the money . the cheapest i could find and do just what i wanted .
i've had one of these for about 15 years now . it still works great . i just bought another . most others are half plastic .
good price . works well with good strong stream , if you remove the restrictor that determines the water flow rate , otherwise just average .
this is what weller used to include for free with their soldering guns . have to have this when sweating copper pipes
the hearing protectors are comfortable , fit well ( 7-5 /8 hat size for me ) and effective . am a fan of the husqvarna brand .
it works great ! compatible with the vera lite wireless home automation controller ! it is a good electronic lock ! i do recommend it !
as a handy man , i run into jobs that require a good drill bit and its nice to have this kit
finding good tools to drill thru concrete is difficult . and these fill the bill . now i have a choice when the need arises .
this flashlight is good to have around and is small but powerful . good for car or truck . you have other things to worry about .
does everything we expect of it . very smoothly operating , light weight , adequately visible numbers , and reasonable price make this an attractive and repeatable purchase .
works as stated and has help remove more saw dust . nothing else to say , it is fantastic and i plan on purchasing another one
dont know how to review a battery . when i put them in my flashlight ... the light goes on . mission accomplished houston !
i use this for grinding tig electrodes - high speed but low power . throw the pencil grinder in the garbage
this is a good portable option for cleaning up a blade . like it a lot , it's compact and easy to use .
i bought several of these for production in our plant . they work well and eliminate the mess of the wet sponges we had been using .
got this as i needed a small clicker when i'm on the motorcycle and it works great . its range is actually better than the big clicker i have !
great stud finder with strong magnets that hold it to the wall . the size fits easily into my tool box . the level is a plus .
a great little sander . priced right and easy to use . changing paper a little tricky , but a good value for a quality product .
this thing is built like a brick and measures wonderfully . i wish i had one of these sooner when i was working on various projects .
got these for my fiancée so she had her own tools some how i find myself still putting things together
i have these all over my house and they have saved me money on my electric bill , love it .
good quality . handles and works good . the usual high grade starrett stuff . i recommend this !
good gloves for out door work and gardening i like the color variety and the price . very happy with them .
impressive mount for a fairly low price . it's held up very well and is on my hd shotgun along with the flashlight they suggest . amazingly bright combination
i will say it again danze is some of the best quality bathe fixtures out there for the money hands down
this does the job as we get older we need more light to see this is as compact as lights that are half as bright .
excellent accessory for drilling and milling work in a tiny setup . i absolutely love this accessory . very well made and easy to set up .
has the most common plier configurations you'll need . they're good quality and price effective . highly recommend . the cutters are very effective .
it ; s a battery , it does what it's supposed to do . but it doesn't last long at all in the recip saw .
this replacement makes the stock bulb obsolete , the light is pure white and the light lasts longer and the light projects twice the amount .
other sizes of this same type flush bit work well and i wasn't disappointed with this one . it met my expectations well.doug
i purchased the same bulb for my protable dewalt flashlight from the hd for only $ 8 - this guy is ripping you off
i used this in conjunction with an outlet timer for two led branch lights that have giant power adapters . good stuff .
these pry bars are very usefull.good quality very strong .. and works well to remove axles , tough stuff , squeeze stuff out
these are solid and forgiving in their installation . would use again with the slides they go with . would be nice if they were included with slides .
a good selection of black and decker jig saw blades.for cutting metal , wood , plastic , or aluminum plus other uses i am sure.can ' t go wrong
buying anything makita can not be a bad move . have never been disappointed with any makita product yet . really buts a light to what you buy.eyespy
great little set of reciprocating saw blades , and even includes a carrying case . dewalt makes great tools , and this is just another of their great products !
sadly as funny as it seems no one remembers to put the seat down , i do not blame the sign just the idiots that can't read it !
that's about it . it's a tool . it works well ... as it was designed to and i like it . too bad it's not american made .
for the price , these for accent lighting , can't be beat.not as much light as i would like to illuminated steps , but okay .
these are bright , well packaged and work well in electronic fixtures ( most fluorescent fixtures today have an electronic ballast ) . great price as well .
this thing is a beast - works like a charm ! ! ! not too big and not too small - just perfect . i highly recommend ! ! !
these lights are great . i don't use the color feature much , but the connectivity is easy and convenient . i only wish they were cheaper ...
works good just like it should fast charge made strong with good clips to hold batt to tool shipped right to your door
i bought for cutting thru wanescoating and drywall to access a plumbing job , did the job well great value reconditioned , i would buy it again
very good product a specialy when you need to use with socket attach to drill . working very good for me . quality bits with low price .
dont buy these . i'm not sure what the better alternative is , but they start to stick to the wood floor and fall apart .
lot of tools for the money . try buying these separately and you'll spend 4 + times as much ! very good deal
batteries where dying on my drill set , didn't want to purchase a new set at this time so the price was great .
the dremel electric engraver performs exactly as i expected . it is easily controlled and just as easily adjucsted .
straight out of the box i screwed it into the outlet and it burned for a couple seconds and then crapped out . had to return it .
gave it to my dad , he hasn ; t said anything about it since he got it . he probably lost it somewhere ,
easy to install , it took me about 2 hours . looks nice . easy to use . not too much room but enough to store your firearms .
these bungee cords appear to be strong and are very easy to lock at different lengths . they appear to be a good value and i recommend them .
this punch is well made and strikes a good mark on most steel . one of those cases where starrett is worth buying .
while they work , they have very poor adhesive and tend to break down under weight . i was expecting something better for the high price .
i like this item because it is portable , unlike the other larger compressors i use . i use this item in my upholstery business and it works great .
my haiku review is as follows : it holds all my bitsit ’ s terribly hard to readit could be better
i would highly recommend this to anyone who has a house and does plumbing work . this is made with great quality . the shipping was extremely fast .
nice price for quality bags . seems like they will last . i will buy more if i need them and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it , too .
i guess these are ok but cost a ton compared with switches which do similar functions . makes for an expensive 3 way switch
i would have given this light 5 stars but the lens has small flaws in it and it affects beam quality .
i love wireless , motion-activated lighting . living in a rural setting and not having electricity everywhere i'd like , these are perfect for my needs .
works great . it's too sensitive to go off just from cooking or a candle . i will buy a couple more .
these are the best in my opinion . less than the big box stores also . i will continue to purchase this way !
what more can i say : it's compact , it's cheap , you wire it in , and plug it in and it works .
for the price it's really good . it actually matches ( and possibly brighter ) than my led maglite.but the battery is harder to find
actually i haven't used this yet , but i have always been very satisfied with kreg products . this looks like it will work just fine .
i bought this for my wife who doesn't like power tools . this saves her wrist and allows her to work on small projects with out getting tired .
a really nicely designed drill light weight and compact for reaching into those hard to get to places .
forget this set , blades are nice but too short for most work . just buy some 9 inch blades and call it a day .
got this for my son who camps and fishes its water proof and works great . the waterproofing is a special touch plus its small for hiking
this is amazing , all my friends asked me where i got them . the room was lit with all colors and figurines rotating . love it ! !
these wire hose clamps are the best type to use . perfect for vacuum hose use . tightens with a wrench or screw driver .
body made of brittle plastic and won't endure accidental falls . might break apart . switch very big for the flashlight and will easily break .
they work exactly has advertised have been using these screw for many year and always been please with it i recommend to anyone for serious construction
these bits work like a charm , i have used them for drilling through all different types of masonry and non proved to be a problem
a case is mandatory for any tool i purchase . and this one foots the bill . plus its a makita quality product .
kreg has some great tools and kits . this kit has all of the most needed sizes for just about any project !
what can i say about a dewalt product , if the professionals rely on dewalt than it is good enough for me and my around the home projects .
although this light is definitely not 1600 lumens , it's still a great light of superior construction . i recommend it highly .
this is a great little saw . it was easy to set up . no vibration and very quiet . blade changes are super easy
these are certainly good to have when hauling your bike ! they work as intended and protect from scratches . used on an hd 883 iron .
tool - this was for my son to be able to carve wood with both hands free - works very well according to him .
i don't like milwaukee , but am impressed by this little wratchet . will almost break your wrist !
this is a nice little set to have around for those moments that you need a properly sized nut or bolt .
finally own one ! will put it to use often . it is indispensable in my line of work . will recommend this tester to anyone !
it was time to update so we bought a few of these . they seem to work well and are smaller and portable . so far so good .
these pliers are the quality you would expect from channellock . you cant beat the price compared to any store around !
works as designed which is what i was after , installed easily with white teflon tape and doesn't leak or have any other problems
what can i say about nails ? i used these to install chair rail ... no jams in my hitachi 15 - gauge 2.5 " nailer .
for small easy stuff .. and they rust .. i have the ones i don't use in a bag ... and they rusted ..
it's sturdy . it works seamlessly with the tool mounting plates . it adjusts easily of various widths of pieces . a well designed tool .
good value i suppose . i don't really use all the pices as often as i use others but they work just fine for the price .
these are very quality , tough bits . i have been using the hell out of these since i got a new house .
i am very happy with this product . it was delivered as promised.it is a high quality tool kit . i would recommend for anyone to buy it .
my newborn loves the light for some reason and wont sleep in the dark . this is a cost effective 24/7 lightbulb to replace my 6 watt bulb .
simple basic metal shower curtain rings . nothing special , but they work fine and the price was right . appear decent quality and are holding up well .
sturdy , stylish and easy to install . great product . i bought two of them to replace my bathroom towel racks . full of style and value .
i have roughed in plumbing for an entire house in one day with this tool . works great . highly recommend for pex !
this bundle has everything that i need . i have used some of these a number of times and they do the job with ease .
these lights are cheap . but they seem to work fine . we have had them for a while now and they have never let us down .
not much to rate here , just some basic plastic knobs and cheap hardware , good for use on a table till they break
this has had minimal use but seems it is a good product for the price . i would recommend to a friend .
if you order a milwaukee sawzall order these at the same time . you will be very happy you did when you get to using your saw .
disappointing , the standard 4 inch blade cuts just as good . but maybe i was expecting too much . will keep them anyway .
extend the life of your sandpaper with this ... won't unclog shellac but handles just about everything else .
very bright i dont think it is a 1000 lumes it seems to be over 500 lumes easy to carry
although small , i have used this product years ago and knew what to expect . it serves my needs for the small toys i make .
i'm using this blade on a new dewalt worm drive with the dewalt extra-cost fence . a great combination on sheet stock .
good for power protectors . everything i buy on amazon i research it first , then i read the reviews before i buyi always get a decent product
i do not use them much but they are not for breaking things loose but great for those hard to reach places
charger new technology that refreshes your old batteries work longer and you get a new battery , too , awesome deal . sorry 120 volts !
this is one nice set of short power nut driver wrench socket set for the price . i highly recommend these to anyone . excellent price .
a must have if you use a kreg jig in your shop . it makes life easier to have these extras laying around .
wow home automation has come a long way . this baby accepts sensor products from several vendors so it is very versitile
this is pretty cool for the money . i ended up not using it much but it is well made . wish it weighed a ouch less ...
easy to set up , you always have remote with you and do not leave in car for others to get .
i work on motorcycles and these easily fit the bill to reach the bolt in the ends of the forks
i have big hands , and its hard to find gloves that fit well . these fit perfectly and are comfortable with no movement restrictions .
i left it connected and pressurized for about 10 hours and it broke . only meant to be connected for short periods .
reasonable price ... especially in the 10 pack ... if your like me putting together a dust collector for the garage these are the way to go
everything i actually use in a multi tool and none of the stuff i don't . great just as a lock blade pocket knife too .
i use this to make accurate cuts to small pieces of wood . nice , very useful and reccomended
bought this for my youngest son for christmas , he is outdoors a lot and they are good gloves for what he does .
great way to finish off honing your cutting tools , brings chisels and blade irons up a treat . great accessory to your worsharp
very useful drill for small projects . plenty of power and you can't beat dewalt products . wish it had two slots for drill bits .
these are nice to have . they clean a sanding belt very well thus making sanding easier and the belts last longer because they can be unclogged .
as long as you have a mechanical pencil and good eyesight you'll love this ruler .
they are what they are . no bothers with the product . arrived on time . the set is as stated . they are shiney .
a good starter set of impact bits for your impact driver . affordable and of good quality . recommend it to anyone .
they sent me a yellow and black one . looks ridiculous . what is up with that ? i assume it's just an unpublished spec change . not cool .
this works great . it is much brighter than the incandescent light , also less bulky . if onlythe beam was focus-able i'd abandon my mag-light too !
i don't have access to a surface grinder now that i'm retired . this makes sharpening a plane iron square and flat very easy .
lenses are larger than i anticipated but googles fit well and are comfortable . seems like a nice product for the money .
sturdy construction , durable with smooth edges and no metal clamps to protrude , cut or create a shock hazard . easy to wire .
i bought these filters for my worker and he says they work greathe does a lot of woodwork and he uses this for protection
dirt simplesolid as a rockthey simply work as advertisedcouldnt ask for morewould reccomend to anyone anywhere
it works very well but need more hand strength . the trigger takes some muscle to pull . otherwise we like it .
product is as stated very useful and will made i should have gotten two of these i also bought the smalledr one i like vthis one better
excelent power , this is my second bosch rh328vc rotary hammer , my first was stolen and i bought exactly the same .
i am a single gal , and these make it so easy for me to move my couch , fridge , stove around to clean behind or rearrange .
save your life - use this whenever dust is an issue - this is my second one for my garage work .
this little cookie sits under your work piece and prevents your router from cutting holes in your table , holds great even when covered with dust .
very well made at a good price , print on tool is easy to read . not much else to say . they work well .
nice bright light.not sure if it's 1600 lm but good light for the price . i like that it can be zoomed in and out
adorable nightlight . goes perfectly with my palm tree decor . gives just the right light in my bathrooms . not very bright but serves it's purpose .
if you own a lift-master , this is an oem replacement . i don't recommend buying generic universal remotes because they never work as well . buy the original .
pleasantly surprised . it really cleans the tip well . it could however be more weighted . it tends to fall over if you aren't careful .
this is far better than a wet sponge ... it is made very well and cleans your tip nicely . i highly recommend this for soldering jobs .
if you are cutting glass this is the product . diamondbits and hole saws are expensive . this is a deal.great value and delivered on time .
installed easy and works fine . nice to have one that works with cfl bulbs . i do not need the programming but it is a good feature .
very versatile and easy to use.bought this with the datashark 70029 cutter / stripper and the ppc ex6xl snap and seal connectorseasy peasy .
good value , decent quality and well made.should last a long time if not abused.not professional grade , but neither are you paying pro prices too .
grips nuts and bolts perfectly without damage . also good for a lot of clamping and crimping jobs . very good buy .
no complaints . i'm sure you could break these if you wanted to , but for normal usage they are the perfect product .
i bought this item as a gift for someone else . it appears to have what one would need for this type of tool .
well i havent used this product yet but it is a very sturdy blade and seems like it will do the job .
when you turn these on , they are at 70 % brightness and take about a minute to warm up to 100 % brightness .
does the job . you never have to come home to a dark house or leave lights going when you depart .
i liked these so much the first time i purchased them i bought another pair for my other car . great over glasses and not terrible to look at .
i have used this several times now to empty my hot tub for cleaning and refilling . it works perfectly .
this light looks great and was easy to install . so far i have had no issues with it and enjoy the light that it emits .
i bought this to lock up a kayak . it seems plenty solid and fairly compact as well . works for what i wanted it for .
i have bought two of these units . i light the red light option . the main light is very bright . good quality
set this up in a room for security while i am away . bright light is just what i wanted and what i got !
great punch set . gets the job done , if needed would buy again . starrett is my only source for tools . word
this device saves space and allows me to keep my devices organized while charging . my iphone fits perfectly in it .
have had an opportunity to put to much use yet but it seems to clamp tightly and hold work securely .
i'm pretty much in the same place as everyone else who bought one of these . why didn't i get this sooner ?
bought this for the exterior door of our new mudroom . could not be happier with the appearance , quality or functionality .
the kit was a bit smaller than expected but all genuine dremel bits and accessories . many very small bits make up the number to get to 130
i use my area light alot and needed a new bulb . i ordered the dewalt replace because i think they are the best .
man this thing is fantastic for making repetitive angle cuts , set it and go one after another best money ever spent on a carpenters tool
same as radioshack stuff for half the price - what's not to like ? .. just wish it wasn't so messy , but that's the nature of the beast ...
i just put the battery in the remote , plugged the sockets in ... tada ... didn't even touch the instructions . simple , simple , simple .
performs great , especially for the price . i needed to punch a few intermediate holes in my gun belts and suspenders and this fit the bill nicely .
i got this to use for a french door curtain that i am making . the price was just right for my needs .
very strong but you can still cut to fit ! no good for something you pick up often for they will fall off but they work great
a fine cord indeed . yes sir this cord will get the job done . no much more to say . see you later .
someone was thinking , based on experience i presume.the sockets are separated far enough that you can actually use them all .
it is the perfect storage for a wide variety of batteries . mine is mounted on the wall in my utility room . it is very easy to access .
these are a good quality drill bit , they drill very fast and appear to hold their sharpness . were a good value
the vise works the way i hoped it would when i am building my model ships , and small repairs around the house .
there were two screws missing , so it was return . it looks very nice but couldn't keep it . back it went
product was what we expected and met our needs . nice quality and easy to use making our project easy to complete
these hold downs are ok , but i believe jorgensen has farmedthese out to taiwan . spend a little more and get hand forgedclamps .
i do plenty of outdoor activities and it is a great light . not quite as good as the h14 but is is lightweight and very bright .
i've a little ( big ) flashlight , zoomable , 300 lumens , only need 1 aa battery , and this light iluminates far away than this 1800 lumens ?
i appreciate having an extension cord option in beige . the slim design with the slight offset keeps the plugin below it accessible .
these will get your knife razor sharp ! i was able to easily shave my face with my pocket knife after using these stones .
these are good every day tools that everyone should have avaiiable . they are a nice every day use assortment . overall i'm quite satisfied .
expensive , but these are great . dimable and i love the brightness and color of the light given off . they are in a downward-facing fixture .
very happy with this product , i used it to fit a larger bulb into a smaller lantern type socket , so far works great .
worked well with my halloween setup.wish it had a flasher or timer but works well & a good price for what you get.it does have on / off switch .
there is a reason that this product gets a higher rating ; it's called quality ! extremely easy to use ! again , i highly recommend this product !
what can you say , except it's made by starrett . they are expensive but worth it .
it is wireless , strong , convenientit does the jobs welli've used it for wood , metal , plastic and galvanized pipeit does it all .
very good item , very good quality , very good price . i like this product , i want buy more in a future .
this product is great and works just as you would expect it to . i have used it multiple times without any problems .
i have used multiple pairs of soft rubber ear plugs . nothing-nothing-works as good as these ear protectors do . they easily block out all extrteem sound .
i bought this thing because it seemed handy for woodworking , it really is - and well made and comes in quite handy
made of good quailty rubber and the 1/4 ends fit snugly into my adapters . no complaints / i would recommend product .
these work fine as a replacement , they are pretty much exactly like the originals .
i didn't have any files and i thought this would be a good buy . the files are sturdy and i am pleased with them .
you must include more separator compartment and you put the other double size . ¡ why ?
very useful one-piece tool . only let down by lack of blade , but guess that would get it confiscated when flying . very light and reasonably strong .
i find this tool very handy to have . i use a great number of cable ties doing the garden fences each year .
what a light ! . feels like an expensive well designed weapon in your hand . super bright blinding light . probably the most perfect light made .
nice and handy . it received great reviews and i see the reason why . fits nice , the led light is bright and i'm very happy with it .
great compact light and look forward to finding a li-ion battery for it . have not mounted this yet , but expect great results .
i have multiple bosch 18volt tools that i use in my handyman business and i like this one very much .
works great easy install , works better then similiar items , great for charging everything , would buy again thank you
i bought several of these , the price was much better than the local lowes . also they offer up to $ 50k insurance in case of fault .
i purchased this to hold my most commonly used tools , and it works like a champ , plus it is extremely sturdy .
bought this to replace the very cheap and breakable slider style switch ( see reviews on amazon ) . works great , looks good , very satisfied .
this is a very good reciprocating saw but the battery went bad oafter a little over one year .
got a dremel rotary tool and need different size chucks ? you found them . and at a good price too.well made .
a bit expensive for what they are , as you can easily not have them , but they do neaten up the exposed ends of the track .
small small small so not too great really to use but works some what & not very costly so ok
a great addition to my drills . it allows me to get into tighter places with a power driver instead of having to use a stubby screw dirver .
bought this and a uv bulb for the lizzard tank - way less than buying the kit at the pet store and it works perfectly
a bit large , but works very well . the sensitivity to motion is just right and has lasted for months without issue .
my wife and daughter have one each , it is the best in light weight , excellent power range and lasts on one battery for a long time .
clips right into my pocket . handy . bright , zooms , and just the right size . great to carry around all the time .
this has a good assortment of different grits , 10 of each . these hold up well and last a good while . recommended .
this knife is handy to have on your keychain for those situations when you need one , it will always be handy . opens / closes easily .
really , this little press vise has saved my fingers several times . its handy and was easy to hang on the side of the drill press table .
when it comes to cutting or grinding small items this is a very handy item , especially the quick attachment device .
this extra battery enables me to continue working without having to stop and recharge . can't afford down time when i'm trying to complete a project .
these wrenches will hold flare nuts really good and will not round them off like a regular wrench would do
is ok because it can drill and screw , this is the right things i was looking for emergency at home .
as another reviewer mentioned the bolt is too short to go thru both holes on the receiving piece . it still looks strong enough though .
this product is as they advertise . it works like a champ . no problems . seven more words for this review , done .
i have worn many safety glasses and these fit the best of any others . they don't steam up to bad as there is enough room to breath
i have always trusted the stanley brand for quality tools . these are no exception . i would recommend to anyone looking for a good value .
i was given a b & d cordless leaf blower without the charger . ordered this and now i have a perfect leaf blower .
this is crap ... cheap and flimsy ... i was highly disappointed , and it was not worth the time to send it back ... straight to the trash !
better than no scaffolding , but slightly concerningly rickety . it really needs side extensions to feel stable . still better than being up a ladder for some jobs .
i am hoping that this will prevent future injuries from which one has gotten while using the saw on projects .
icemaker stopped working and we determined that the filters had not been changed in years ... went right in with no problems and now we have ice again !
i bough this to have as a spare for the new 20v drills that i had just purchased , it works as good as the oem batteries .
this blade shattered around the hub after two uses . i liked the design but will not purchase it again .
for some reason , many of the tissue holders are much to long . this simple design is easy to install and relatively forgiving for the do-it-yourselfer .
these levers are a good quality at about half the price of our local hardware store for the same item . easy to install .
none of this plastic fits anything i have bought in excess of $ 100 and i'm going to go to metal at least it will fit together .
this is high quality and much better than an regular carpenter's apron which keeps falls down .
it's a bit larger than i anticipated , but it seems to work well . i was curious if it would work with a cfl . it won't .
need small polishing tools , cutting , ect . this is a great tool set for high speed dremel tool . saves a lot of hand work .
impressed with the hammering capability of this unit.sturdy build , easy to use , very long cord.worth every penny spent , buy this ! !
very nioce lite to have went and bought 4 more great for fishing camping and all around ues it evert where
super fast cutting and doesn't bog down my saw . i'm using it on an 18volt dewalt . very pleased with the performance .
this little cree light is nice and bright , feels solidly built , and was a good buy . we'll see how long it lasts .
makes up for the only shortcoming on the new sliding miter saw . easy installation . pretty bullet proof . but it should have been there all along .
now my work is much easier and faster because of these tools . i always want to use them because i can do more work in less time .
great flashlight , very powerful , sturdy , battery life on par . only downside is it's made in china . surefire is usa .
i have learned over time that having a good square makes wood working a lot easier . this is a heavy duty quality square . you cannot go wrong .
was easy to install and synchronize with my garage opener . came with batteries so i just had to screw it into the wall and program it .
a good moderate quality gauge at a fair price . much better than the junk sold at some of the box stores .
i haven't used all the tips , but the ones i have used have worked great and have not failed me .
easy to put together and works great . i was able to get at a steal of a price . love them .
i bought this to replace my original one that quit working . it installed easily with no problems . i hope it lasts 12 years like my old one .
will work excellent for putting in my gearbox on my truck , heck of a set for what i paid for and for what i will use it for ...
didnt work for the application i had intended but am keeping for a future project . seems to be well constructed .
i'm planning on buying some more , it's the size of a key and really great . phillips head works great and overall i am really impressed
beautiful to behold , beautiful to hold , dead square , and american-made , too . what else do you need to know ?
i liked the co level indicator . much better than just the beeps ! i can move around different places easily . hope battery last long time .
this is the best level so for the maginets are super strong . get one .
worked great on my chamberlain with a green learn button . took only about 30 seconds to setup , no issues what-so-ever .
i bought the house and it didn't come with an opener so i did a little research and found this one .
this is a very good quality valve and works better than i expected . i consider it to be a high end valve at a reasonable price .
these goggles are great . they fit well , you can see well with them on and their so large they protect a good portion of your cheeks .
little longer then i expected but it works fine . i gave this as a gift so don't use it as much as i use others but no complaints .
this clamp does exactly what i had intended for it . visegrip brand is still the best , in my opinion . bought 15 additional clamps of varying sizes .
this blade is expensive . however , my old makita is cutting virtually glass-smooth and clean with it ; i don't think this blade can be beat ! !
excellent opener . arrived on time and in excellent shape . the instructions are clear and the installation went well . it does take two people .
accurate recommended for anyone very useful tool in shop i would purchase from this site again easy to use and
for the money these arent bad . i wouldn't work them too hard though . zthey are a tad soft and th handles are brittle .
all work as described perfect for doweling works great with the general tools s838 6 piece 3/16- inch to 1/2- inch drill stop assortment
bought this set for a new sds plus drill . good price for bosch bits , the short ones do come in handy . i would recommend those bits
5 star rating i would gave this because they clip on my glasses very easily can clip them on while moving while i'm driving thank you very much . bjwolf
amazing product for the money . exactly what i needed . does the job . amazingly accurate . many different little bells and whistles , like flipping the display .
it is hard to believe how bright this little lite is bought one for a friend and he loves it
a must for any handy man . has every bit you can think of . great to use with your cordless screw driver .
recommend any one needs to buy this that cuts and work withsmall parts - must need item in work shop
this transformer worked fine but it did get a little hotter then i thought it should . not dangerously hot though .
strong product and was super easy to install , with very little effort . has good wide view for security . worth purchasing
great finishing sander , nice , smooth vibrado , leaves perfect finish . it makes your work easier and profesional , i would recomend it for anyone .
i like it . my daughter likes it . my wife likes it so it has to be a good product i would recommend this to everyone .
this is a nicely priced digital sound meter , it works as advertised . easy to work , easy to adjust , end of story .
i use this occasionally to check the strength of the spiked water i use to water my precious plants . you need this so as not to over feed .
the smallest bits snapped in two after only a couple of uses but the rest seem to be doing fine . i would probably not buy again though .
if you own an expensive flashlight you owe it to your self to get a holder that can protect your investment . this is the one to buy .
this is somthing i have wanted for awhile and now i can do more and better things in my shop . grat product and easy to set up .
much better quality than what came with the sander originally . also the best price i could find . does what it's supposed to !
a good produce , works well . the shower beam is a bit narrow but not too bad . it does increase the pressure of the stream and thats good
it was a good value for the price and works well . it was a little heavier than what i expected . '
the screwdriver fits the wii screws i needed it for . it did not slip and the product did not seem easily breakable .
great product does what is expected , the last one lasted the 7 or ten years that it was suppose too
the product exceeded our expectations . unlike dewalt andskill , this product will stand up to daily use and will provides excellent outcome .
this magnifier is great . the illumination is even and bright . it's easy to adjust to the best position for the project at hand .
bought to replace a trusty dremel . this item is very practical and has been used much since it arrived . good value ...
it is a good price for the oil filter nut wrench you cant do a oil change on this car with out it
home depot and lowes no longer have . works fine as needed . would buy again . good price . fits better then ones that came with fixture
a great precision tool . not like those cheap chinese hand drills with two jaws . i recommend this tool for fine detail hole drilling .
has been much more useful than first expected . filled it up fast , use it every day .
i use this more often than i thought . i also have the previous version and both work well . buy it , you'll like it .
this is a very good light and the light emitted is very white and bright . i use it in the bathroom vanity .
these are cheap little carabiners that you can hook onto things . i have found them very useful and recommend them to others .
i use this for pin board doping on my antique piano . great strength and durability . beware of toxic fumes--this stuff can make you dizzy quickly .
i own bostitch and hitachi and it is hard to tell them apart from performance perspective and ease of handeling
if you understand that this is a type of tool to be used carefully and treated gingerly , they'll perform for you for many years .
great concept but will require a dedicated saw . the clamp feature comes loose so a more permanent install will be required to make this device more reliable .
they're nice and they work , but they will fog-up if you're wearing a breathing mask . hint : clean them before each use for best fog relief .
came sharp , and way more accurate than a pencil . and apparently i need 11 more words to post this review so here it is .
it's a sander and a makita a great brand , what does one say about a product like this . i wanted one and i now have it
i bought several of these pieces and they are good quality and easy to work with . what a great price and a great deal . thank you .
item arrived when expected . was looking for new lighter router to replace my 3 horse freud . this router is well engineered and a pleasure to use .
the tools are ok , but the labeling is on upside down . i have asked for a new label but so far have not received one .
i bought a few for the mini spots we have in the ceiling and they look great . i bought a few more as well .
nice practical selection without being overpriced . set of three gets almost any plier job done you need
tlhis is the same light that the pros use . well built , and positive for work . lights up a large area . and stays on your head .
a great addition to a basic tool kit that adds flexibility for use with a drill / driver in tight places .
what can i say 6 cheap flashlights that go on and off . they are worth the money and work fine .
i installed this in my cabin . easy to set up , good flow , nice shower head and surprisingly delivers warm to very hot water . very pleased .
good tool for any box . just be sure to keep the bolts tight when you add the bottom piece so they will not come off and get lost .
this thing puts out a lot of light , more than enough for night hikes . i just wish it had a medium setting .
this piece is as solid as they come . very nice addition to my new shower and will go great with a hand wand .
popped right in . tight fit in my 1.5 inch sink hole . it beats crawling under the sink to tighten down .
i really liked this tool set untill i borrowed a friends makita drill . wow , what a difference . its a nice starter kit for small household issues .
this is a nice comfy toilet seat that cradles your tushy and begs you to stay awhile and get the job done !
these kitchen handles worked great on our cabinets . they go great with our stainless steel appliances and nickel faucet . good investment .
excellent quality as expected from sk . easy and assured purchasing process . all items arrived as stated and expected . would shop this way again .
easy installation and works as advertised . build quality justifies the price . it's been down some rough roads and not a problem so far .
i purchase this tvbu 505 for my new tv . is good quality , exactly what i was looking for to make my installation and wiring for new tv
we bought these to protect our newly refinished hardwood floors . they stick to furniture well and protect the floor from scratches / scuffs .
not really a very useful tool ! slow turning with little torque and poor quality accessories .
the items for which i purchased this fit perfectly , and everything is fine . i have no problem with this product .
i love this light , it is a great light to have for any occasion . i would buy again without hesitation .
this is great for a garage where you need to keep a bunch of little things in their own compartments .
very tight fit . broke several trying to put them in . pay more and go to a local source for these .
i think this one is the best around especially for the price ... nice deep pockets , well made . green and black in color .
never thought i needed one of these until i watched a couple youtube demonstration videos with people using this tool with multiple uses .
this drill is light and strong . i use it for almost every thing and the battery last very , very long . the best drill i own .
i used this on attaching the aluminum mesh screen to the porch , it works great with porter cable us58 stapler .
bought this to protect a door in my home . installation was a breeze and now i dont have to carry a key around ! would reccomend to others .
awesome glasses , looks great and feels strong and comfortable ! didn't expect any different because dewalt usually maintain a high standard . i'm happy with my purchase !
these blades are pretty damn durable , stay sharp for a pretty long time , unless you are cutting many nails and or hitting cement with them .
used this to replace a 6 down light application that previously had halogen bulbs in it . it was easy to install and looked great with the new leds .
piss poor , the drill broke the first time i used it and they are made very cheap i would not recommend this product
just right for my husband's fencing chores . . . exactly what he wanted . we would recommend this product to a friend .
titebound glue is the best woodworking glue i have ever used . they have different bonding types for all applications . well worth the price .
these are ok if you do not have to use them alot ... if you use them alot buy a better set
diamond hones are what you need when sharpening stainless steel knives . this is a great tool ! i bought 2 and will buy more when money permits .
if you find yourself short on outlets , this is for you . i have 3 and it gives me more flexibility . safe and efficient !
this little sharpener fits easily into my pocket , has a carbide and ceramic beveled sharpening tool and even a hone for serrated blades , it is simply awesome !
this inline air fan has a well powered fan . its a little loud , but moves air great . the shipper was fast .
works well . my expectations were different , but the performance of this item is good . i recommend this over a more expensive stand a lone sanding unit .
hard to screw this up , but this stuff is exactly as represented . shipping was fast . no complaints at all .
theres nothing that makes this hammer better than any other . it works , its cheap , its just a slag hammer . buy it already
this is a quality built receptacle . i haven't used it , but i have it for when it is needed . recommend it to anyone .
a great flashlight . extremely powerful . uses 4 aa batteries and delivers more light than any other flashlights excetpt for a helicopter police lighting .
the spurs are too thick to get deep enough into hardwood flooring to get any reading
super bright , well made with solid piece of metal , small size , need only one battery to operate . and low price .
works well , practical , the instructions are not the best but you manage it on your own without much trouble !
very sharp , very precise , makes a perfect tounge and grouve every time ..
very comfortable handle and it has these nifty silver things that grip the roller to make sure it stays on . easy clean up . pretty nifty
although i don't have a need or a " stubby " very often , this is a nice unit . haven't found anything negative .
works as this product is intendeed for and has made my life a little easier . would recomend ond order again if needed .
nice grips and the teeth come together nice and tight . great reverse angle as well . really , really good quality nips .
works great with my orbital , gives a great finish and they last surprisingly well . i would highly recommend this too any woodworker .
this flashlight has considerably more illumination than the maglite without the led bulb ... the usual great quality from maglite !
does exactly what it's supposed to do . i previously owned another brand , which had plastic gears . didn't last . this one is solid with metal innards .
i did not realize it didn't control both the light and the fan . that was disappointing but that being said , it does well working the fan remotely .
what can you say ? they work . i am using them in a pneumatic stapler i bought off amazon . always keep plenty on hand .
i bought another after receiving my first . these hold your wrenches tightly . so far no problems . glad i found them .
i would say this is a good buy for the money . there are some " rough edges " but overall it's a very serviceable item .
it's a mini flahlight , what does one say about a product like this . i wanted one and i now have it .
i love the quality of gerber products and this has yet to let me down . i have 2 different ' models and they are great multitools .
great for light work . with the blade on the left , it is easyer to see you line . wouldn't mind having a plywood blade
this is a very easy to use and won't cool you soldering tip as water soaked sponge , very happy with it .
it's solder , nothing special except for the price and how fast it was available . good quality .
just the perfect brightness for a porch light . goes on at night and off in the morning . as long as it lasts , i'm happy .
you'll be surprised what this thing will turn up . it's nice that you can configure the lighting options very easily .
i know there just staples but trust me , you don't want jams with a lesser quality product . works well every time . recommended .
do yourself a favor and watch one of the video commercials for little giant ladders . they demonstrate the ways these platforms help you out . it sells itself ...
when i got it it worked fine but like the other review it got dimmer . now it bearly works . dont bother with this light
i needed a compact tripod for my level and this fits the bill nicely . it has a good carry case , is light and sets up quickly .
work and look great , no trouble at all have been using daily for about 6 months
got these for some extra light in my closet . fairly cheap and the tape pad does not hold the like . i'm not impressed .
pleased with quality of this product . i can't get 20 words out of this review like requested ... so i am rambling on to publish this
i wish i hadn't waited so long to invest in a cordless impact . plenty of power , good balance . you do need the higher rated battery though .
a definite must for the cabinet maker , keeps everything nice and square , the aluminum is great because it is light and never rusts .
not a bad little lock . works perfect for my locker at the gym ! and it's real easy to set the combo . just follow the directions !
we use these bits in our home repair business and are pleased with the quality vs price . we have used a set for up too three years .
used to apply polyurethane to wood . no problems . wish i could just buy the 2 inchers for a decent price .
only gave it 4 stars as just that little bit broader head would have been perfect , but very capable of doing the job
i am happy with these locks . looks and feels durable . i wished it came in 8 pack . just don't lock in the keys .
just keep it oiled and it will work a lifetime ! ! ! it is built to last and i would buy again and recommend this to anyone .
bought this to use with a combination gfci and leviton dimmer switch . nice fit and all the screws mated up perfectly .
ordered the bare tool saw because i have enough batteries and chargers already . price was great , quality is even better .
awesome saw ... for anyone who cuts sheet material this is a must have . the saw works so smoothly and effortless cutting . very clean cuts .
i was a little disappointed with the quality of this product the advertisement makes it out to be more than it is
will not work in sure-fire 6z.tried different batteries and nothing.will not fit well with spring supplied.looks okay but not working .
it was cheap ... just what i wanted and expected . i have no problems with this product . i would order something like this again .
solid construction and plenty of light for the areas i work in . would def buy another one for the car !
it was half the price of the klien stripper and is almost the same . i didn't expect the handles to be hard though but it doesn't bother me
short enough , you dont have a big coil of extra cord . well made , and it comes in black ! what more do you want ?
part of tub to shower conversion . very happy with hans-grohe selection . beautiful looks , very smooth , quality feel . incredible shower experience .
fits the winchester defender 1300 perfect . works great ! i would recommend this to anyone looking for a decent light mount for their shotgun .
these little things work great and are bright ! ! its nice they take aa batteries , not the expensive special one usually seen in some .
i just wanted something that could be tightened enough to actually seal the metal flex vent hoses . the nylon clamps just don't do it .
i have another one of these with fewer features and liked the look of this one . i like the extra features but it will make your keychain heavier .
easy to deal with once you figure out the first one . it gives good coverage when it comes on . no electrical problems to worry about .
this wall plate fits easily over a three gang box . i used foam insulation around the edges and switches to make a good seal to the wall .
an excellent product that is relative easy to install . instructions were detailed enough to follow for a successful installation .
this is by far the absolute best stud finder i have ever used . certainly worth the money . you won't be sorry for purchasing this item .
i was just going to order another one and thought it would be good to let everyone know this works as advertized .
just too cheap and cracked . all plastic . just spend the extra money and you won't be changing it twice on your shower
you really don't know you need these until you really need these . they are well made . should last a lifetime .
this screwdriver set is super fantastic and works really well . i love it ! i'd definitely recommend this set given its reasonable price .
these tracks are cheap , but not compatible with other brands t screws as the heads dont fit in . secondly the hight is an issue with 3/4 wood .
this is a super dremel replacement battery for the one that i had received one the new on dremel tool.would definately recommend to some to buy
great unit , works great and holds true to job at hand ... will need to get the dremel bits for it as the ones i have
this gerber folding utility knife is cool ! when i received it , i liked it so much that i ordered another one !
what a fantastic flashlight . it is very bright . i collect flashlights and this is one of the brightest one that i have . fantastic buy .
these are inexpensize and you get what you pay for . i would buy again but do not expect a precision set .
strong yet supple hose . good fittings on the ends and already 1/4 npt thread so no need to adapt for your tools .
it is yellow and it is 12/3 wire . vinyl is not the best cover for cold weather but the price was right .
this product arrived and performed as advertised . the package arrived when promised in perfect condition . the fence is a quality product that met my performance expectations .
i has another set from a different brand but it broke so far this set is in perfect shape , 100 % recommend
they work well enough for the requirements i have at work . the pouch is kind of crappy , but the bits and extractors are what metter .
great product . worth the money . has many uses . highly recommend for a hands free and free standing use .
they work but it would of been nicer to have a double edged blade to get twice the use out of these .
although i tend to use my portable battery-powered dremel tool more for pen-like holding , this attachment does okay for my plug-in dremel for the same purpose .
this detector installed easily and works well . my cooking occasionally triggers it , which acts as a test . false alarms from cooking are easily hushed .
these came fully charged and so far have performed very well , will know more after multiple charge . nice charger compact size .
could not resist the low price on this set , seem to be good quality , hope i get some use from them .
hese low wattage led bulbs are hard to find in our local hardware stores . very economical night lights . i recommend these bulbs .
works good . i have a lawn care business and mow a lot.these block out just enough noise that you can still hear if something is wrong
only thing negative is i had to change battery after one week ... works great and is backward compatible . go for it .
i used this to mix concrete to make my own designer pavers . sturdy and easy to handle . configuration makes mixing small batches of concrete a breeze .
an excellent value . very rugged and worked perfectly to change jeep wheel bearings . quality seems to be very good for the price .
works as advertised . exactly what i needed to effect a small ' night-light ' installation . i use it to keep a sleepover grand-kid happy .
for the price this is a decent and rare made in the usa item . yes use graphite or wax on the zipper . take it
best set of both sae and metric for the money , the long arm gives the user more tourqe . they stay well in the molding a recommened buy
not a true stanley # 4 . but , after honing the blade and spending some time setting it up , it works great to accomplishing very light cuts .
makes squeezing out glue easier and with the variety of tips allows much better control of glue lines . certainly would buy again .
this jig works great . easy to set up and to use . very strong and well built .
this light is keeping my two plants alive and happy . i especially like that i can link more if i wanted to .
buy this with your orbital sander and know you have quality disks when you need them .
seems like a well made unit . i can't believe that maglite was so late in the game to switch over to led
i gave this to my kids at christmas and they all have enjoyed this light very much . would recommend it to anyone . thank you
wiha makes great products . i was impressed with them out of the box and they have continued to hold up well .
i love the nice hard case that nails came in . i haven't had any problems with the finish nails at all
even if they do not purify the air ( not sure how you can tell ) they have a warm glow and make for really nice night lights
great product , works as promised , buy one if you already have the tools . price is good also , so why hesitate .
i am using this as fuel in a simple , old fashioned alcohol lamp . it burns cleanly and hot and will fill my needs without any questions .
bought these to replace my aged high wattage motion sensors . installation and tuning were simple .
these are great , fit my impact driver well , have a solid hold with the ball detent , and are a great addition to the tool chest .
very handy and comfortable to use.much better than the usual cheap wood handle brush.well worth the higher cost .
they advertise that last 30000 hours , but i estimate i got about 6000 over 16 months . a shame since they are excellent outdoor lamp post lights .
great value . works with the " arrow fastener t50x tacmate stapler " i purchased
i use these to store tools and parts for model making . they are rugged and just the right size . they were shipped promptly . i would recommend .
great for instant results before sanding - so i know what filter to put on my dust mask to protect myself - and how to dispose of the dust afterwards
bought an extra set just to have on hand.amazon had it at a reasonable price , so i picked a set up .
not much for me to say . i like it . batteries last longer . works as advertised . gabrink 45
this flash light just for a lady use in everyday , she need low price and simple , i think this item just fit to her .
bought these switches to replace timers i plug into the wall . the programing was extensive but after all done everything worked great .
i use it for a front porch light , but wish it were a ' warmer ' color . seems to cast an ' eerie ' kind of glow .
great tool to have.makes easy work out of a hard job.easy to get into tight small places.adjustable speed .
dead accurate . smooth . it screams , but produces an excellent job . dewalt scores again .
when playing with the competition's presses , i am totally confident i chose the right one . one solid puppy and the stops save me time .
the price was too good to be true . the led's give off a warm pink color , they are not warm white .
bondhus balldriver l wrenches are best in class . and they are the first ones to make ball drivers . buy them and you will not be disappointed .
seem to be brighter than the original that came in my lights .. but not sure if they are holding charge as well . will see after more time .
great bright light , small for purse or shirt pocket easy fit . uses regular battery and light is under $ 4 dollars ! ! !
everybody needs a dremel their tool box . i think there is model made for anyone who is looking . very handy
these are really small knobs . specs did not show size . wish they were a bit bigger . they will do for now . not worth sending back .
i can use it every where it's just the right size , the light is enough to llight a large area , so that's ok
i bought these for my knives with torque bit screws . the drivers stripped pretty quickly though . that's all about it .
not as rugged as commercial grade moving blankets the big moving companies use but very adequate for occasional use and the price is right .
don't know if this works or not , haven't had to use it ! i hope i never do . if so , i'll let you know ! lol
great design , adds a lot to the bathroom . good quality , simple and elegant shiny chrome . we like it and recommend it .
i just used it the first time today and now i'm glad i put it on my key ring . it's kinda heavy on your key chain .
it would be 5 star if all the bulbs had worked . 1 - bulb didn't , sent back for refund . other than that i really like them
for some reason , flies gather under my carport each spring and summer ... this product does a fine job killing them ? . great i will buy more
these lights are yellow light as opposed to daylight . i had to buy some adapters so that i could have a brighter light .
light and very useful . it's a must have for people who work with metal studs . love you , aloha and have a great day
worked great when i needed it . but i didn't need it very long so i couldn't say in re : long term .
stanley has been making this tape measure for many years and have a very good product for the price . hard to beat .
way too bright a lught for the livingroom . looks fluorescent . yuk.suitable for a basement shop or maybe on an enclosed porch .
you can't beat these clamps for certain projects such as hold downs on saw jigs . this is what i will order for any future needs .
all im going to say that this is great . easy to use . i have been using it almost everyday and its strong
theses screws are very good to draw joints together . very quick for joinery and makes the job easy and fast .
typical well thought out and well made makita product ! very bright and excellent battery life . the hook is very useful .
worked with my liftmaster no problem . easy to install and recommend this for anyone looking to add this on or replace for their home .
these bulbs are way cheaper than the big box stores and seem to work fine . it's nice to have spares on hand .
this freud d0436xblo 4-3 /8 - inch 36 tooth 20mm reduced to 3/8- inch arbor adaptor works very well with my rockwell rk3441k compact circular saw kit
does what it's supposed to . i like the ws3000 sharpener and this kit is a replacement for the ones i've used up already .
great tools added to extentions already had , good material very stron and sturdy , used daily by husband and still going
i used this in my office for storing keys for cabinets . definitely recommend it for general use.very solid construction .
good product as saves time having to remove blades when a quick swipe with these restores the sharp edge . would recommend this product .
same as other one good both but basket is nicer i think but are cool the dimmer is fun also
this light works well and was easily installed . i added it to my existing system within a few minutes . i have had no issues with it .
this was really easy to install into the leviton wall plate . looks great on the wall.couldn ' t ask for better .
i wanted a better set of minature screwdrivers.my research indicated that this fuller set was what i wanted.well - made and strong with a good range of sizes .
with a c-clamp , it worked on the first door ok , but it with two c-clamps on the second door it didnt do so well
moves a lot of air . quietly . adjustable settings allow you to control the volume of air that gets moved . solid unit .
i have purchased various kreg clamps and they really do the job when you have the clamp needed for that particular job .
the pig tails having pre-stripped ends made the led light installation a breeze to connect to the transformer . the connections were tight enough to maintain a snug fit .
i do a lot of trimming around our property and this battery lasts as long as i do on any given day .
great quality and finish sanding disks . used these on a porter cable sander and worked extremely well . costs a little more but worth it .
packaged well and work as described.they are made of molded plastic and have a flat base which if you choose , you could screw down in the provided holes .
work well seem to be built well so it should lasti would buy again if this set went missing
if woodworker should carry only one tool in the pocket , then this is the tool .
only used the 1/4 inch , but it has been really good . clean cuts and easy scrolling , i think the other blades will perform as well .
a hammers a hammer but if you need a little more weight id buy this again and again solidly built
cheapo light does what it's supposed to do , however , flimsy and not very stable . oh well was only a few dollars - so who cares .
a pair of crimpers like this would cost 40 bucks on the tool truck . this is the way to go !
this breaker bar arrived quickly . i'm very happy with its quality . this is a beefy bar and should stand up to years of use .
this item very simple and good , i hope it could float on water like a boat , that will be even better . this quality is just fine .
they do the job that they are required to do , they are magnets , if they were free i would like them even more
if you have the money you will be happy with this wrench . fit and finish are very good . i highly recommend this wrench .
its a small light and that is what you get a small light.dont notice much difference.would not order again.too small
good but not perfect . pressure works and has multiple settings . velcro is non-existent . very bright and cheap combo and functions just fine .
if you need a allen wrench with some nice long handles these are great , i bought both sets and am very please all and all . i recommend .
i bought this to cut funny pipe . i am by no means a plumber but for what i needed , this exceeded my expectations .
for the price , this silicone spray works great . it goes on relatively dry and doesn't pick up dust and dirt like some of the other lubricants .
have bought only goes out when you losse it , i used mine for a long time till i lost it , very bright and adjustable
just use it in your motorcycle , it saves any hassle you may deal with . great product overall . big big fan
i used these to tighten a door knob that was hard to get to . more than sufficient for the task . seems fairly durable metal , not flimsy .
yep , if you need a replacement for the bits that came with your kreg system , these are identical - no sweat .
no complaints about this wire . it also takes solder very easily . it is nice and flexible and eay to work with .
keep up the great service and i will continue to purchase from you when i need another item of this type
working outjust fine - - i have used them extensively with a battery vibrator . no problems so far . was a good buyl .
at last ! a broom that does not take three swipes to move dirt and grass clippings .
great hammer the only reason i gave it a 4 star is because of the price i could go to local store and by it for 7.99
this pouch if very nice for the 3 battery light . the smaller one have is not big enough . it will keep lite safe .
the item was shipped immediately and arrived earlier than expected . the item was accurately described and portrayed in the ad .
awesome value and they work . great to have a bulk pack if you burn through them on tactical flashlights or other applications .
thankyou i like this honeywell for my house next time i will buy more for this honeywell and save more money thankyou .
the good :p recisely formed pinchers that line up nicely.the not so good : it is slightly magneticgreat for the price , can't complain !
great for hanging larger pictures , decorative plates , etc . without having to poke holes in your walls . i absolutely love them .
this is a good light for closets or spaces that need just alittle light . i placed one in my hall closet and in my tool shed .
if you have ever wondered what is the best way to close up the end of your caulking tube gun ... this is it .
good product . holds some of the smaller items . bought two of these ! great for holding misc items.smaller basket is small , but can be usefull .
nice to have a sturdy key box to organize all the home keys . glad to see that it wasn't a monster size box and easy to hide away .
this pair of pliers provides great cutting . it is made in the journeyman line , and is top-notch !
for the money it works very well , quite impressed . won't be setting up a sharpening service with it but , my stuff will be sharp affordably.larry
got this for our plot watcher pro camera and it works great , adds security to expensive camera , easy easy to use .
may be a handy way to have many choices in a small storage space ... but the quality is just acceptable ... fine for little jobs here and there .
the drill bits aren't bad but the case kinda sucks . it is difficult to put the drill bits back into the case without damaging the teeth holding them .
this is hands down the best tool bag ever . i have 3 and they stand up to the work ! it's a must have !
great little light .. i wished it worked with more tha one battery because i use it for fishing and its dead withn 3 hours
this completes my dremel attachment / accessory collection . so handy and way easier to make that super smooth edge . glad i added it to my order .
excellent tool and i'm sure the numbers are no problem for young eyes ; however , mine are old and i wish the numbers were some contrasting color .
i have used several different versions of these over the years and this one has lasted longer and worked better than the rest .
my wife uses it when delivering newspapers . this light is a must have when you are looking for addresses in the dark .
provides for very clean cuts . works well with porter cable 314 . only con is that the carbide tips are brittle ( which is not atypical . )
i think this is a good product , one that i well rely on . good stuff is worth buying . i'd give it an a +
i love the way you can store the blades you are not using . very well made . this should last for a long time .
i shouldn't have procrastinated , now i can't return it . the water tee was broken in the box , their quality control stinks !
this wrench fits the porter cable router in my router table perfectly and significantly eases the task of loosening and tightening the collet when changing bits .
have only used the counter sink drill bit so far , but it does a beautiful job . i'm sure the others will do just as well .
i put all three under my work station desk . i cant see nothing . don't waste your money . i guess i got what i paid for .
these bits came in chip free and function great . after a year of use they appear to have a longer life than cheaper bits .
already owned one of these to use around the house . decided to get another for use in my workshop . these work very well .
was used to install rivets in the firewall and the cowl of my jeep . the swivel head came in very handy , well worth the extra cost .
this is a nice set of impact drivers . i got them to use with my black & decker impact drilland they do a very good job .
way overstated brightness . this thing should cost less than a dollar . the battery is worth more than the light.keep looking this isn't it .
good thermostat switch with seemingly accurate hysteresis ( on temp and off temp ) band . mounting this bad boy was a bit awkward due to the case design .
light weight , powerful and long lasting . this little gun just keeps on goin , screws , bolts and nuts , it just doesn't care .
not a good buy not made for punching holes in leather to weak and punch setup not to good need more power
this thing came very sharp . it's a good quality knife and i carry it every day and use it all the time .
this has been great--pretty dry air from my shop compressor . it fit in perfectly with my ch pressure regulator . nice to see the water it grabs .
will cut somethings but not all … . still a handy tool when its the only one that will do .
won't be buying anymore of these . won't hold a charge . second one i've bought and the original has outlasted both of them .
as expected , at a good price for two bulbs . no surprises is always a good thing . i will get these again when i need .
arrived quickly . unfortunately universal remote garage door remotes are universal to all openers . it will not operate my genie opener .
great little flashlight . very bright , compact . not as thin as i would like , but works well to light up the darkness .
got this to do some car body work . did a good job , and the vacuum attachment worked very well . totally satisfied .
this goes on very clean and is light enough to go where you put it . good stuff . i would buy again .
real brass ! solid quality & easy to install . everything fits like it should . we order these all the time for our business .
the person i gave this to as gift thought it was great , but i don't have details as to why .
this is a nice tool to own . it comes in handy for a lot of jobs and the tool is well constructed and heavy duty
this is my 4th surefire light . they are all very bright and look and feel well made .
works as advertised . is an attractive addition to our door , and we ordered an additional one for our front door as well .
this seller was fast and courteous ! the light went up in no time and works well ! highly recommended
dewalt d180064 4 - inch standard bi-metal hole saw works just fine made of good stuff .
it works well . covers the tools in it is a good fit and look very functional.holds torch , tool bits kit and wave multitool .
i use these in my hallways . they are just bright enough to get you around without needing to turn on the main lights .
not only is the length nice but , as was mentioned elsewhere , this is a finer metal that flexes better . i am quite happy .
its heavy built and bright as i want it to be . im going to get more for gifts i think . i really like the focus ring
versatile and easy to use . drilled with perfect accuracy for a number of oak cabinets . the shelves sat on all 4 pegs perfectly .
this set is perfect for the average homeowner , they are tough , stay sharp with normal use and the storage system is a nice bonus .
i couldn't find something like this at my hardware store . this works perfectly . no problems at all with it .
it is a excelent solution by use the router equipment to make signs in the wood more easy and quinckly .
when i put something in it , it feels too easy , like it is going to fall right back out . but it doesn't .
i replaced an older kidde that was chirping for no reason . this one has the extra light , and was an easy swap out from the old one .
excellent flux cored wire . use it for heavier gauge welds and multiple passes . slightly less spatter with a live earth ground .
not quite incandescent temperature but close enough . puts out as much light as a 50 watt incandescent . i use to illuminate trees .
just bought my first home and needed sawhorses ... great for the price ! does what it says it will do; great .
they were all defective so but the new ones . this product is not all that good on quality control so the used ones were all bad
i do not make large woodworking projects so this has been of little use . if you make larger projects it could be useful .
worked for about a week maybe longer sprayed water ever where but did change colors with water temp but did not last long
ah makes it so easy . great kit . everyone needs these moving lift kit .. just takes heavy lifting out of the job.no more back aches etc ..
best est best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best . recomment to all .
this powerassist multitool is a wonderful addition to my tool box . i have one for the house , the garage , and for my hobbies .
great addition for hand held shower head . works as advertised very light weight and flexible gasket prevents leaks hand tight .
i bought this to build a bird feeder for outside . florida weather is harsh when it rains so having kreg's blue kote screws definitely helped .
i'm sorry i did'nt install this sooner it couldn't be easier ... no wires a small battery & your choice of double face tape or hardware to install
very comfortable , and does a very good job keeping out noice . very good fit .
i know from passed experience that screw driver bits wear out . these new bits seem well made and should last a reasonable time .
nicely made . my last one ended up a rusty mess so this one will stay covered . i really don't want to grease or oil it .
all good . this adapter is useful for funny angles and lack of space behind a couch or something similar . thanks .
best gloves i bought so far there perfect for almost all trades and gives you protection for you knuckles and there very durable
why weren't these around sooner ? these are the perfect option to preserve different tubes of caulk . nothing more to say ...
i was looking for some new co detectors as my last ones expired . these are compact , affordable and easy to install .
nice little night light and though it is a dim ligh it s nice as love the darkness and this dos the trick , . came just as described
spectrum 64500 over the door wardrobe rack , white . thank you very much . i is very nice . thank you for wonderful idea .
glad i purchased this . quickly cleans the hot soldering iron tip so i can keep on moving on my project . i got tired of going through sponges .
i needed a strong magnet to pick up tools i dropped in hard to get to locations and this worked great !
replaced a incandescent bulb with this cfl and the color and responsiveness is what we wanted . great long lasting efficient bulb !
what can you say about nails ? they work ! ! haven't had a misfire or jam yet . i would recommend this to all !
great product and price . the most quality and best value purchase i have made in a long time . thanks.us wire .
good bracket for light-weight filter housings . if using on heavy filter housings one should probably use a bottom support too .
what can you say . of course is good , its a freud . cuts like butter in my construction table saw . very stable .
got to punch a hole in my firewall to install a subwoofer , but should get a lot of uses out of them .
very good quality , fairly sharp out of the box , great value for 2 scrapers . i would recommend this product to any woodworker .
i've used this planar for three years . it's trouble free , easy to change blades and produces a finish with an absolute mimimum of snipe ( usually none )
this flashlight is just right to have plug in the wall and know if your power goes out their be a light on for you in them cases of storms
install was easy . no problems with connections . really like the 60 minute timer so i can leave the light on in the attic while i exit safely
does the job . not exactly a robust build , but for the price you really can't argue at all . glad i got it , works for me .
good replacement light for my lava lamps very bright in regular lamps as well i like it and will order more when i need to
installs quickly and easily but only works in absolute darkness . i wish it would operate in situations where there is a little subdued light .
well made , and fits well . could do without the flames on the sleeves , but it does what it's supposed to do .
i really do like this a lot , however keep in mind it is smaller and does not carry the weight or same swing as a full size hammer .
i bought this to replace and old senco 82a palm nailer that was stolen off the jobsite . really pounds 10 penny nails into joist hangers .
great ! works excatly like i needed it to , fits in those small spaces . i would recommend it to a friend .
channellock 718 7.88- inch flat nose long reach plier is very good in the electrical work i do could noy do with out them
can't say anything bad about this tool , it is as advertised and has worked well each time i have used it .
very good , strong , thickly insulated extension cord - - the description says for outdoor use , but i found it perfect for indoor use .
these little flash lights are amazing ! very powerful , low battery draw , shots a light up to 60 feet ! very satisfied
this has been a good blade for cutting granite , could use a few more diamonds for faster cutting , but overall good .
always looking for gloves to fit a womans hands , fingers a bit long but palm size good . they are at work
we sent these back as they didnt fit the machine we thought they would so we just got credit for these
these work very well . i am unable to tell any difference between these and bosch . i am using them in a bosch machine .
i have used just about every kind of remover around , and this has worked better for me than all others .
i use this on my cnc router to flatten boards . it leaves a fairly smooth surface that requires only a little sanding afterwards .
need some extra time post to give me multiple run times on the pool . these did the trick works well .
sturdy constructions and easy to operate . however , it doesn't move the water as described . luckily the return procedure was painless and efficient .
this clamp is useful for mobile pad and its ease of use . besides its construction is very strong . thank you
of all the bigger led sets this is a good one and we have tried a lot of different flashlight led unitsbig and heavy
yup , a filter . works as it should . lasts quite a while . good price and great product . have a few on hand for that shop-vac .
great for small jobs . be sure to sift your sand before blasting . i used window screen and that was just fine .
this bulb is just what i wanted at a good price . there were no installation issues , and the bulb functions perfectly .
i do not use my sander to often , but when i do the mirka discs work great.you get what you pay for .
working very well so far . just have children , and it'll get tested plenty frequently . the peak level thing works pretty well .
the best drill i bought so far for my needs . quite powerful and very handy .
these hemos are good for many purposes . tackle box , first aid kit , crafting and many others . very well made and easy to handle .
this is a great little portable unit . i like the fact that it also has two connections . it is relatively quiet too .
not the fastest , but way faster than watching the spa drain through its usual gravity feed drain . worth the price .
works great . bright . nice shape . thinking of buying more for my family . good to have plenty of flashlights around the house
i love these wrenches and they seem to hold up well to use . great finish . i would buy them again if i needed more .
good trade off in dexterity for winter protection , kept my hands warm while working outdoors in 15f weather . happy with the purchase , would buy again .
this wool is very messy . it leaves fibers everywhere , much more than other wools i've used . i won't buy it again .
so handy for controlling some landscape lights and an outdoor fountain . have been in constant use for over a year and no issues .
a very nice protection glass for sure ... though i wish it had a smaller size , this one is a bit big for my head ...
it is huge , but i knew that . i could not get it to stop leaking , so i sent it back .
i suggest using the holes to mount a register board across the face because the 2 feet just don't cut it .
this bulb seems to be working well so far . i have not had good luck with some led bulbs . let's hope this one shines on .
this is not a bad little set to have around while working on computers . it is a little flimsy but ...
very practical item , i have several bookcases full of books , this item blends in perfectly and securely and discretely protects my precious items , great item !
i have tried several setup gauges and bars . these are by far the best and are very handy . kreg inovation .
those guys are really big . not much more to say than it is easy to install and seems of good quality .
i only buy werner ladders ( ia ) and they never disappoint . i would recommend them to anyone . 4 more words required
very easy to setup and use . you do need to have 3 wires to install this . i love the solar time that changes with the season !
excellent quality . purchased to use as sheath for gerber 22-01945 entrenching tool with pick , serrated blade . superb fit and well constructed .
this is just the right size , has plenty of power to pick up tools and appears to be built well . i would purchase this again .
this is very nice charger . it comes with all the connections to charge up your rc batteries , and other batteries . i recommend this one .
makes the process of replacing componets much eaiser , i use this in combitation with a solder sucker to remove descrete components .
these are a good medium duty cord . i have bought several with great result . can not beat them for the price .
these were exactly what we were looking for . they are such a warm white and add a nice glow to our entrance area .
i decided to get this also while the shipping was free because i figured it would come in handy and it does . works great .
there are no holes to breath out of for your mouth or nose and the material was a little too thin .
good product , it has been holding very good , i have used it on several jobs done and no issuer at all
very pleased with this , it is not too dim or too bright , just right and good quality as i expected .
i bought this to put in our car and minivan for emergency use to cut the seat belt.it is ok but looks cheaply built .
this paint looks great and works as well . not a glossy finish , just a nice metallic shimmer . perfect for my project .
this dust collection adapter is great . i use it all the time now because it helps you to see exactly what your doing .
purchased these for some rental units and had to return them because they failed passing a fire department inspection due to not having a battery backup .
good buy for the money and works fine in my safe . time will tell if this dehumidifier will last for years .
i have installed many liberty pumps over the year and all i can say is ; i feel they are the best and most reliable .
dewalt dw9083 18v see my review for this ... bulb is great ! if you also have the m12 flashlight use dewalt dw9043 12v , and see my review .
nice touch-up job on the old refrigerator . its like correction fluid on steroids .. if you can remember that far back then you know what i mean .
i am now well stocked with tape for my new packing tape dispenser . not too exciting but i should be set for a year or two .
i used this to prime the front cap of my fifth wheel after repairing water damage . it has sealed it up .
this is like the 6th one of these i have bought for the kids to keep with their keys for help finding them at night ...
very handy item to have if you are a hobbyist or crafts type person . nice size , easy to use and good controll .
good ! ! ! this allows me to solder and work on quite small items , it is a must for any electronics projects !
my son loves his night light , he has it on strobe and won't go to sleep without in on . i am getting two more for other lamps .
great dimmer . does what it is supposed to do . easy to place and attach necessary wires . i'l be buying another one soon .
these are a great little set and very reasonably priced . haven't put them to hard use yet . they are for smaller work .
5 * tku - this is the best way to stock up and combat the liberal , narrow minded , environmentalist approach to improving our world .
this beam flash light has a really super beam and i have one in both my car and truck . i highly recommend it .
these goggles fit well . i am not having any problems with them fogging so far . they are very clear to look though . i will buy more .
it is what it is and it fits and works well . i prefer the round base to the d shaped base that comes with the router .
that's the only negative . my husband loves grizzly woodworking equipment . this is a good price except for the labor you have to put into it for assembly .
very nice quality . the wood handles feel great . these will be my new go-to shop brushes . you can't beat the price .
hard to find tarps in any color except blue or grey . this is what i wanted to make a " prettier " coverup in the yard .
one can never be too careful . bought this last year and it is still holding up very well . no complaints !
this was a great find on amazon . looks and feels so real that noone would ever know just by picking it up . great product .
i needed a simple needle nose plier and this was it . it was not expensive and has worked great so far
makes life easier when you are a novice at do it yourself stuff . i build a small cabinet and used this to help put the harware on evenly
they look great kind of narrow for my face though . i havent used them yet because of that but they were packaged nicely
wearing glasses is easy and good.size fits too comfortable.excellent , well i would like to purchase.amazon ' s product quality is good .
great set of metric deep impact wrench sockets . perfect for a shade tree mechanic !
best $ 99 i've spent . made putting up new fence boards a snap . also saved my elbow by eliminating all that hammering .
just classical tool box . price is ok . but it is not sturdy like old made in america . in its price range i can't find better one .
it is what it is replacement blades for your leather-man surge . nothing wrong with them mine came just as expected with no faults .
i used it . it worked . not much else to say . it's pretty easy to use . it yells at you when you find a stud .
this is 100 % plastic part , there is no mental in the fittings as noted on other reviews .
i'm just lazy and like when amazon delivers things to my door . does what it does and works just fine .
these seem to be as advertised . i have no way to test their effectiveness , but they seem to be of good quality .
this works perfectly . i love the idea , but don't know yet if it is saving electricity , but the water is hot hot hot .
these bags are good for many things . three different sizes to accomomdate all sorts of articles . best to buy two sets because they do come in handy .
well made and easy to install . only draw back is i didn't notice that i needed a different cover plate ( my fault ) .
just exactly what i was looking for and in great shape when it arrived . thank you so much .
not much to say here - it works well , is well made and they offered it at a super price
i had a leak in the trigger and after extensive researh figured out it was the trigger that needed replacing .
this is the flashlight to have . remember they use plastic lenses so be prepared to get some better glass ones .
plain and simple , as advertised . i don't use them often , keep them regularly charged , and they work fine in my bd screwdriver .
good for the money . it's not a makita , but works fine for light work around the house . it's not a wood shop tool .
this is a great planer for jobs that cannot be run through my dewalt 13 " planer . it has plenty of power and makes a clean cut .
i can not really tell if this helped but it may have kept the dust out . i later used the plastic as a drop cloth .
it's built like a tank with enough power to grind down the titanic ! superb craftsmanship , ergonomic controls . highly recommend it !
these picks have helped me remove countless orings from various items without damaging the ring or the item , they are also well priced !
these are very convenient bits if you want quick access with s standard 1/4 " driver tool . the bits are also nice ans sharp .
bright bright bright ! in a very small package ... i love it so that i bought 2nd . make sure you obtain the batteries and battery charger .
been using these for 7 years and wouldn't do without them.water is clear and the taste couldn't be better .
i needed some extensions to change the spark plugs on my car . these ones worked great , and feel fairly sturdy .
great value for simple work , and it's always true that you can never have enough clamps of all sorts of lengths ...
i bought this because it was $ 9.00 . at home dumbell it was on sale for $ 14 , down from 21 . easy choice .
works well , gives me more control than an electric engraver , and a lot cheaper . these words are just to fill the minimum .
used in 1/2 drive drill for stirring thinset and then grout . awesome for use during tiling jobs and preparing for that job .
this was an roll up pouch but the material used is rather stiff and it doesn't roll up very nicely .
this is exactly what i was looking for , my door closes just very easily and this is metal so it's strong !
it's loud ! ! ! but i've had mine running for 100 ' s of hours pumping coolant through my cnc lathe .
good product for the money , well packed , with easy assembly . 4 lamps using 80 watts isn't too energy efficient tho .
this is worth the buy if you have an air compressor . it is high quality rubber and has a quality feel .
broke two on first use , i am no stranger to hand tools . these are cheap chinese-made pos . went to sears for the real deal .
came in on time . charge it and used it the very next day all day and charge between had no problems
highly recommend yellow bug light in summer time . these save energy so are a good choice .
very nice set . it has everything a person would need to do just about any project . very good selection of bits - excellent quality .
i use it with hitachi rotary hammer for concrete repairs . does a great job and has good tool life . buy it if you need one
this is a nicely built normal frst free silcock faucet which actually deserves seven more positive adjectives to describe it .
had it for a month and it quit working , sorry to say but the one i got was a piece of junk . won't buy again
i bought this leatherman 831426 tool . it is very well made and works great and i would recommend it to my other friends .
i love these bulbs because they give off a warm and cozy ambiance that other lightbulbs don't . also , they are considerably less money to run .
i bought this for a laundry sink remodel . this has a nice heavy feel to it and was easily installed . no complaints at all .
one of the 4 units didn't come on reliably , even when i was waving my hand in front of it . returned the whole thing .
have you people considered a hot water re-circulator ? not only do you not waste water , the hot water will be waiting for you when it stops recirculating .
small and unobtrusive ... bright yet dimmable light ... easy to operate touch-switch . i do wish the clamp were stronger but it is adequate .
well designed with decent heft . super fast clamping so it saves alot of time . hands free clamping is a great idea .
i like the precise bit heads on these screw drivers and they have worked very well . i would recommend these to others , they are very good .
this is great works very loud beep sound and when it needs batteries , it lets you know . i feel safe sleeping knowing it is protecting me .
i needed a triangular bit - - this was the only set i found that had the bit i needed .
i buy these boxes all the time for my hobbies they're wonderful made in the usa , nice boxes , good price !
this is a very thick extension cord . it just feels heavy duty and works fine for my new refridgerator . the price was good too .
we put this light in a small pantry closet and it's a perfect application .
so far both my night lights are working flawlessly . even have one pluged into a digital timer , so it's on / off daily .
they work great ! compatible with the vera lite wireless home automation controller ! for the price , they are very nice zwave switches ! i do recommend them !
used this behind a wall-mounted flat screen tv , and it allows the cable plate to fit properly without undue interference with the back of the television .
good quality , elastic cuff were good , hood was good , fabric was good quality , fabric was water resistant , did not tear , not breathable though
this router was a great buy and the quality is unsurpassed . i have always counter on milwaukee tools and have never been disappointed .
excellent product and really helps clean the shop dust from the air . a little noisier that is a small price to pay for clean air .
quite happy and pleased with this item , it cuts through things like butter , i have no complaints and it makes it thoroughly easy to do whats necessary .
these wire strippers don't actually strip the wire . they don't hold the correct amount of tension . garbage .
works very will . it is difficult with some small womens gloves to fit over the finger inserts . it definitely helps speed the drying process up .
bought it for the dewalt drill that i bought for my summer projects . i really have not used it yet so wait and see .
used to work on my car and so far is durable and does what it says . would buy again if needed in future .
works so good that i upgraded all of my old maglights to this . this bulb " sips " the batteries while putting out a liggthouse like beam .
very quiet fan , and moves a lot of air . it pulls air from all four sides of my bathroom door when the door is closed !
it is to fragile to have that penlight in my poketi will keepe it as a tird choice . i wont recommand it
would not buy any other one . powerful and quite . the quietest one on the market . should have come with the dust shield though
easy to install and fixed the leaking and noise from my toilet . took about 20 minutes to switch it out .
do what they were made for . great kit . they make it feel like unit is on wheels . everyone needs this kit .
excellent fit and finish . plenty of power for my needs . nice ergonomic shape . a great value . would absolutely buy again .
the product works just fine . make sure you put the screw to the correct position . i found the same model product is much cheaper at homedepot .
this works well for hard to reach locations . i prefer scrapers that don't have an angled head for removing stickers .
you get what you pay for . lots of bits but pain to get them out . great for beginners on wood , plastic and clay .
color of the stainless steel matched my sink perfectly , very easy to install , every part of the faucet works flawlessly , the magna-tite spout is awesome .
product was reasonably priced , arrived as represented , and has come in quite handy for light to medium duty uses such as securing outdoor tarps covering materials .
it's a good enough pry bar . the edges are a bit thicker than i had expected , and the finish is a bit rough in places .
needed a hand held router to do those freehand tasks called for now and again and have a larger bosch plunge router for the heftier jobs .
practical energy saver which is easy to install . the self seal adhesive helps ensure a snug fit and optimal insulating value .
good stuff . worked well on the gagarge door . easy to apply and good instruction . it was just the right amount .
i ordered this pump to address some major water accumulation in my backyard . it pumped it all out like a champ .
very nice little addition for leatherman tools . this and the extension tool fit in the sheath for my wave leather man tool .
great - if you want a small-ish warm-white beam ( which i did ) . not a lot of light ; more decorative than anything else .
it heats up fast & holds its temperature , easy to use , easy to clean , well balanced , just an all around well made soldering iron .
blades are so so , but good for the price . the case does sweeten the deal and helps keep things organized .
simple to install . a good way to upgrade your older flashlight and get a better light source . i have no complaints . working well .
these were very hard to use . so far i can only get one fully engage into connection on other devices / cords .
very precise and accurate nailer ! you can never go wrong with hitachi's quality ! it puts the pins in without any issues or effort . a + !
dewalt dw2169 impact-driver-ready accessory set , 38-piece.this set is great although it is a lot of the same bits . i use it almost every day around the house .
this light really puts out a nice bright concentrated beam of light . it is also very light weight so your arm does not get tired holding it .
i wanted these because i can paint them or paper them for a custom look . perfect for that , thank goodness they are not too overly-priced .
tarps are very versatile and good to have on hand.keep several in your vehicle and emergency gear.comes in many sizes
it works great ! compatible with the vera lite wireless home automation controller ! it is a good zwave switch ! i do recommend it !
these work nice in my vise , very easy to hold round rods and for surfaces you don't want to damage , magnets hold these in position good .
we purchased this to go along with our security system , and it works great , and also very very very loud
nice uniform bright light . turns on quickly . multiple bulbs ' light is very uniform . nice smooth threading for easy install . will buy again .
bought these to use on my metric motorcycle . great range of sizes conveniently packed in a small carrying case . they are well made and indispensable .
i dropped the light and it stopped working the first hour i had it . they have a great sale pitch on the site but the light is crap .
just as advertized . works well . the price is good for what you are getting . same item cost 2 times as nuch in the store .
these will work , not at all the high level of quality i expected from bosch , not terrible either , not flimsy , just a little rough .
works great , does everything a larger " clicker " does and is tiny enough to fit on your key ring . great product !
i use this product to find the center of round and square stock for turning . product performs great and is solid made . i would recommend this product .
i have a cf version of this size and i find the led to be much superior because of the light quality and the fact it turns on instantly .
i use the lock to secure my hybrid bike , locking thru the disc brake . small , second locking device to discourage thieves .
useless tool . the metal point to cut sheathing is intentionally dull as to not nick the insulation , but is so dull to the point it is useless .
this knife is a good size , and it comes with a good quality blade also . it will hold up to a lot of abuse .
no more prying with a giant screwdriver , your hands , or with a prybar . this will pop the rubber bushing right off the exhaust hanger !
i have checked many batteries with this tester and it seems to be a good indicater on battery power . i would recommend this tester .
these goggles work good , keeping debris out of my eyes and staying clear . used many times and very pleased with their performance .
nicely made . heavy duty . my last unit ( cheap import ) broke into peices upon dropping . i don't think this will break anytime soon .
work great for about ten charges then go completely dead . i need some batteries that last longer 4 this price .
best small flashlights on the market . very bright and extremely well made . i have bought several for my friends and family .
great , bright , single mode 7w - 300 lumen flashlight.all ten were tested upon arrival and were in complete working condition . thanks coutlet
excellent sander very quiet and very powerful will surely buy again and would recommend this sander to everyone . i am very pleased with my purchase
i bought these elbows to help get in to the hard to reach places and have worked i cannot complain for the price .
great , bought two , one for myself and one for my son for christmas . small but powerful / functional . would recommend in the future .
purchased these to go with my cree headlamp . they work great . large battery requires a little longer chare time but they are worth it .
using them in my work flashlight and they hold up much better than the aas . really satified with the life of them and the price
pros : pretty durable , scratch resistant , and stylish.cons : fog easily , priced cheaper at sears.but if your already making an order tack em on .
great quality ! great price ! nice small cylinder lock at a great price ! perfect size . smooth moving mechanics . at 10 $ , it's a great value
well not much to them really , i did check them with a micrometer , right on the money ! that said you can't beat the price !
i have these candles on the coffee table and also on the wall sconces . they flicker and look like actual candles lit .
well made and durable nylon case for maglite 2 aa battery powered flashlight , has a flap that keeps your flashlight from coming out accidentally .
worked very well with my lamp . plan to buy more to save electricity by not having to switch ion lights n leaving them on .
i do woodcrafts , and this works great on my 4 1/2 " orbital sander and my sanding blocks . will be buying more of these .
nice quality but wrong type for my bath so i returned it . cost half the price of the seat to return it .
there really isn't a lot to say about the batteries except they worked as expected , shipped quickly , and were for a good price .
beautiful socket very heavy duty and great quality . i highly recommend this for heavy duty work . the finish is super
this is a great looking chandelier with easy installment . goes with all kinds of furnitures and colors . very reasonably priced . recommended .
its rather strong and sturdy . its heavy too . the only issue i have is folding it and locking it into place . its no big deal .
just plug in a devise , and see watt it draws . filler filler abcdefg hij klm nop qrs tuv wx yz ! ! !
saved 10 bucks because the box was damaged ! would highly recommend the products and purchasing from warehouse deals ! take a look at warehouse deals before buying new !
well-made 50 ' extension . nice to have three outlets and led light to either find it at night or be sure it is plugged in .
bought these to replace 10 year old versions of the same thing that have serves us well . wires interchangeable with older models so very easy to replace .
just okay . works , sorta , but doesn't stay on my smooth fiberglass shower stall very well ; needs too much fussing . your mileage may vary .
high quality with good feel . this brand is high quality and it shows . buy this brand without hesitation ? would do it again
the bosch gta 500 folding saw stand is very sturdy , easy to set up and use . it takes up very little room in my garage .
best cord ever . heavy gauge to carry plenty of power , quality wires and insulation to make it easy to handle .
works flawlessly . does what it was designed to do , shuts my wife's curling iron off , before it burns down the house .
when the letter carrier arrives , you will know it from the loud beeps this unit makes . no more going out to an empty box !
i installed this on my brand new 6 d cell maglite . installation was a snap and i was pleased with the brightness and color .
i have the problem where the heating vents are close to the wall . this directs the heat away perfectly . color works great with my dark brown carpet
use for small frames ans toys . made of hardwood not paper as some of the other manufactures do they are stronger than the paper at the same cost .
quite fine gets the job done as it should and is accurate , saves time , especially for molding jobs , as we know moldings are costly .
i ordered these because of the price . it's the usual dewalt quality and the blades don't last long . it's alright for light duty
i think that this bag is very rugged . i'm glad that i purchased this because it helps me identify where my milwaukee tools are when looking for them ...
after trying several other tile and glass bits and destroying all of them this set finished the job quickly and didn't break .
it's got more kinds of compounds to buff different things with . bigger then the smaller one i ordered earlier . they really do the job .
goes through concrete like hot knives through butter . there is no comparison . every concrete bit i have used previously is now garbage compared to these .
works as described , way too pricey for what it is though . too bad i sold my car that needed this only months after purchasing this .
i like the different angles that each side of the wrnches have . great length for great torque allows for ease of operation and great leverage .
very nice nailer . i only gave it 4 stars as it will on occasion it will skip a nail , no nail driven .
this blade is a very handle item to have around for flush cutting . better than my versa saw . so far has help up well .
defanetly helped me with my shop parts organization and will buy more . product came as described slightly small than i envisioned
good quality finish , easy install with pop up and drain much better than expected , would order another again , solid build
this improved my skew sharpening by 70 % at least . now i sharpen them , strop them on some leather and they are razor sharp .
good size , good light output . doesn't block both plugs like so many others do . i appreciate the ability to use it as a flashlight .
i've used it a lot in the past few months . it's a good light and i would buy it again .
i would recommend this product to anyone . it is solid and well made . you can mount it or move it around and take it on the job .
i like the product other than the chuck key itself . it does not sit on the gear like it should
very strong , high quality product . i got the 1/2 inch version . you won't use them every day , but when you need one they're invaluable .
this is such a great product very durable and it is just beautiful my husband loves it ...
these ratchets feel nice when used , however they are kind of big and wide so it's recommended for very narrow work spaces like say inside a engine compartment .
fukushima is out of control it's a cheap piece of mind . radiation can kill so and its invisible u know what i mean .
i remodeled the upstairs bathroom for my wife and these match the kohler devonshire contour soaking tub she wanted . she loves them .
really nice for the track or mobile use . cannot be beat for the price and well made . its light weight too .
this installed quick , the hardware looked to be of dubious quality but after installing , it functioned fine and was extremely solid .
this worked very well to mount my mailbox . don't know whether it was necessary but i wanted to make it easier for the handyman .
i use to to monitor performance of my ro system . quick readings that seem accurate ( i have verified tds with an independent lab )
this product is functioning exactly what i would want for a garage door opener . opens , closes , opens and closes ! great !
the led is much brighter than the incandescent lamp it replaces but its a much narrower beam.longer battery life is another plus .
fit my porter cable 390k sander perfectly and stay attached . used this grit to prep shaker doors for painting . did a nice job !
this is perfect for what i needed . building a router table and this worked great . this is built to high standards and great quality .
sanding drums for the ryobi oscillating spindle sander are sometimes hard to find . it was refreshing to know that i can still purchase these thru amazon .
stanley mini pliers are well constructed and make all jobs needing small tools easier . lifetime warranty is a great addition
door opens smoothly now , have 1 as spare , grease supplied is too small and in a cut-open sachet not a tube as depicted
i brought this to make my standard flashlight brighter , and it worked . it was a bit pricey but it works as advertized .
i use this set only occasionally , especially the smallest one . it is to a good set , and the rubberized material makes the set easy to hold .
handy in all application i have encountered . never let me down yet . rate this 5 stars lightweight and tons of power . no hand or arm fatigue .
exactly what i expected for the price . good sturdy tool that performs exactly as it should . you won't be sorry with this purchase .
this enabled me to drop my nexia subscription and run my home automation for free without a monthly charge . can't beat that .
my husband can't keep up with his tools . but now that i have bought him new ones he will be taking better care of his tools .
it's compact small and leaves you room and gives you the amount of light you need . it looks really nice and is easy to clean .
a great sized bit to get into tighter spaces when using the kreg jig . it's made well and is a necessity when working with smaller projects .
they do what they are built to do . the plastic is nice for gripping . cheaper then the local home depot .
i've heard some people complain about quality control , but mine work perfectly , i only wish they made a longer 18 " or 22 " pair .
these are solid and elegant interior door knobs which are well constructed and easy to install . a quality schlage product .
it's the best glove ever i had and even ever i saw . i can seee the great workmanship on it with great material . i recommend it to everyone
good product.nothing bad point . feserjust i expected.easy to install many other item on miter slot . i would like to think good idea for use it .
i didn't think it was as small as it is .. it is almost the same exact sized closed as my swiss army tinker knife .
good enough . not great . a bit more splatter than i would like though it covers the body well . saves water and pressure is decent .
very reliable to use easy pocket access . sturdy and handle what one is needed for . just what i was looking for .
they work as advertised at a fraction of the cost of other tools . i've had nothing but a positive experience with these extensions .
got this some time ago and its doing great . i have serveral dewalt tools to charge so this thing is a must .
do not buy these type with the metal tension spring , they stink and break . these will last . nice ! goes well for computer and electronics repair
this set is very high quality and can be used to drill hardened items . i am very pleased with this order .
bought 4 of these to replace standard bulbs in bedroom light fixtures . very bright , slightly larger than standard bulbs . love the lower wattage use of these !
my wife is pushing 60 and does bead work . this helps . it arrived on time and in good shape , and appears to be well made .
i did much research before purchasing this saw . this is by far the best i could find . buy dewalt for great tools .
they are pretty straight and hold the bits just fine . nice to have one on each of my cordless drills .
this time , useful when installing electric oven was used.it is a good tool too . amazon seems to be a good product.the price is reasonable .
it's been great having this set . i only wish the components wouldn't rust so quickly . though i'm sure the humid fl air doesn't help much . :)
easy to install on a new 3 - way shower diverter and fit the existing handheld shower perfectly . good heavy material that should last .
not bad featherboard and i haven't used it really fully but it's fair in use though i've had about equal performance with home made ones from wood .
this little flashlight is ok . it's no comparison to the fenix equivalent , but it's not a bad product by any means .
unlike the tsd 1012 this insert is exactly what i require when operating the freud sd208 freud dado . the insert is quick and easy to put into place .
works much like an incandescent but uses much less energy and is rated to last a long time . it was a bit pricey .
use on my electric snow blower . 15amp motor requires proper size and length of a cord . 12/3 would be better .
not a very good qa on the unit i got . the unit refused to charge up . it was doa . i returned it .
the drill and impact driver work well for most jobs . the only disappointment is that the battery will not hold up when drilling with a hole saw .
i received the blades timely . i just installed them and they work perfectly . thinking about getting another set for backup
excellent ! a friend of mine had one and used it while i was around one night . i was so impressed , i bought one .
i use this for everything . good number of bits to choose from . quick to swap between drill and driver . very durable
i filled a hole between the cabinet in the wall i found when doing cleaning . it worked but it can be messy .
it's too easy to reverse the direction of the thumb wheel but hitting your thumb up against the reversal wheel .
i've had two of these going for months now . they were easy to install and use , and have worked dependably all that time .
quality construction . the tint helps with sun glare . just make sure to protect your eyes . they are the only ones you will get .
they are made here in the usa . they work well and have a comfortable grip . they seem very well made .
this replaced our previous seat and represents the quality that we come to expect from toto . i do recommend this product .
a good assortment of size , should work with 98 % of your need.very handy and a very good value.decent quality
great price and a great product ! what more could one ask for ? i would buy another if mine was to go out on me .
i love this light . it is so very surprisingly bright for such a little bulb . what a nice item and a super gift to buy for others .
more than enough light , easy installation , and the ability to point the beams . i bought two . highly recommend this product .
this is the only glue i use for general purpose repairs . it does everything it says . it has never failed me . i would highly recommend .
this is a very nicely made imitation of the sorby steb center . i also own the larger 1 " version , which i recommend as well .
the top notch in lathe tool sharpening equipment . i should have ordered this long ago . i would have saved a lot of wasted time .
wonderful product , makes work easier with better precision.highly recommended . easy install , east to adjust and operate.wixey products seems to be a good quality
used it to illuminate a dark room while changing a light fixture . worked well .
wish they were made in the usa ( nothing against other nationalities ) . however they work great buy several pair you wont regret it . very durable .
well made , fit well in the holes . these come in many different woods and finishes . would only be needed where holes were visible .
bad to purchase and be shipped . they came broken in pieces requiring too much time to be continually reloading . not good
the dewalt holder really comes in handy for the tight spots which require pivoting in repair and breakdown of appliances ...
it is what it is , the best you can get pure german quality one of the few tools left to be proud to own , thanks stabila
this tool works great on drywall and even cement backerboard . it has gone through a large remodeling project and still seems very sharp .
good product , very reasonable price , reliable and durable . it works for many years now . would buy more if needed for future properties .
or something . fixed my desser drawer . still holding fine with use . serious glue . make sure you read directions before using .
i have been needing a small expandable plank . this plank has worked very nicely for installing mouling in combination with the little giant ladder . i love it .
found myself using this small rubber mallet more than i thought that i would . it's well made and very inexpensive .
i bought these as stocking stuffers for the boys but several of the lights did not even work . very disappointing .
we have been renovating an old house and this tool has really helped in a number of ways , especially finding where to run electric wire .
these bulbs are just what i needed for my night light . arrived on time without any problems . i would definitely reorder when needed .
i use these every time i'm in the shop . i wish i had bought them earlier ... they are great for the price ... no complaints here !
i wanted a 1/4 kit with sae and metric , this is a good set , for the money i would recommend this socket set
i was very happy with the product . she is beautiful and looks great lite up at night also .
the size is not 12x20x1 – they fit loosely which makes them inefficient . i wish i didn't end up with 12 of them .
capacity of the battery packs is great . this equates to a long uniterupted usage time - even in high torque usage situations .
i wore out my original nylon sheath from constantly wearing it on my belt . this is a quality replacement sheath and a bargain price .
and the giftee says he likes it . it is new , but appears to be durable and well-nigh indestructible . would buy again .
bulb is much dimmer than i had hoped . save your money and buy candles .
theres not much to say with ones of these . i purchased because the price was low enough but you can get these anywhere .
the name says it all . just buy it and dont be cheap . worth what you pay . long lasting
this plug head even goes off to the side so it is really out of the way . came in handy with all the indoor holiday lighting / decor .
re-routed some of my coaxial cable in my house . works great , everything is in the prep . just google and watch a youtube video .
works perfectly on makita 12v driver . precision made and nicely finished . there are some more expensive but none better quality .
this product is easy to mount . it is also very easy to test to ensure the batteries are still working .
i use this on my matco impact tools for everyday professional mechanic use . works great keeps the impacts hitting hard everyday .
good glove just a little thin but over all good this glove seems to do the job . i would buy again .
it has alot of pockets for all sorts of tools , heavy canvas , good stitching , not cheaply made ! more colors too , mine is red
necessary tool for extraction of broken bolt and screws will be added to my garage tool kit for easier removal
very bright , targetable light.lightweight easy to packabsolutely the best lumens for your dollar and carryi bought 6
i know there are more complicated units but i like this one because it is easy to useworks great
bright inexpensive light . aluminum construction creates a sure to last platform of performance . easily replaced inexpensive aa battery powered cree led .
worked perfectly to repair our glass shower doors.we only needed one for now.priced right too .
it's perfect when you don't have every size available to hold / unscrew . great value .
no problemsreceived it as promised and works as it should.is just wished they make it a night motion sensor and then it would be even better
great clamp for the kregs jig .. does what it says it will .. comes in handy for putting pieces together .. would recommend this seller and clamp
i put this in my wife's craft room and it works great . like the remote and light works very well .
master locks have always been simple and dependable , the mechanism is smooth and i have never had one fail yet .
really high quality cigar cutter . beautifully packaged in a very nice protective box for shipping and storage . very sharp and cuts very nicely . very nice product .
shipped quickly . what can i about this other than it fits no problem and works.they are still holding up and has not been handle like glass .
very light , feels good in the hand . i keep it in the tool drawer with my nut drivers and use it all the time .
beyond the battery meter there isn't much more to the item as it's just a storage unit for batteries.it still works to keep my batteries neatly stored .
i am an occasional heavy equipment and crane operator who doesn't like getting his hands dirty . these glove are a great compromise between dexterity and durability .
these are nice and cushiony , but the sticky side is mediocre and they'll pop off quite easily.three more words .
this is a powerful impact wrench works for most anything using 1/2 inch drive sockets . it is heavy with the 18 volt battery but so is a corded tool
very small but did the job i needed and fairly priced . what else do you say about a smoke detector
this is a nice soldering gun gets nice and hot fast . the work lights were put in sloppy so i fixed easy for the money great deal ! !
these are the best made , everything about them is perfect , great warrenty as well .
the bar was easy to install and sturdy . i loved the finish . moen products are unbeatable for value , beauty and construction .
the dremel ms400 multisaw attachment is a very versatile attachment for light work , fast to install , and good for control
keeps going and going and going . i use it daily and i think my aaa's are going to expire before the batteries in this flashlight die ...
simple , inexpensive one-handed tool that works well with the bonus of having a nipper at the end . mechanic recommended .
when i bought this product i thought it was great when i received there some missing pieces form the flashlight cause i can't even use it for long time now
great tool , worked to repair knicked up knife edge immediately ... used on various knives and sharpens with good results.good design and useability .
this timer is a once-a-day on / off . it's easy to set and use without instructions . battery back-up in a basic timer is a real plus .
right out of the package one the batteries was defective and would not charge . i am returning this and will look at a makita to replace it .
pump is well built , starts up fast , and is easy to unclog . fits with the recommended adapter as well and it was well priced .
hands down best countersink bits for cabinets . the tapered design is great . they worked even better than i thought they would.worth every penny .
so far so good . for the price it is loud and clear , and the remote unit has been in negative temps many a nights without fail .
best small to mid sized flash light out there on the market for the price - it's great ! ! ! i have 5 of them !
i have used these blades for many things and work great . very durable and size is helpful to get into tight spaces .
i have'nt used it yet but it loocks like it is a good quality tool ; i am hapy with it .
a must have accessory . the other reviewers have good tips on correcting the drop when extended .
surprisingly , a very strong magnet for it being so small . works perfect , has good reach , and great buy for the price ! ! !
these test leads work great . the grips are strong and there is plenty of length to ensure a comfortable workspace
love this product . i use this over the pins all the time because i don't have to force anything on this .
this dewalt support is very smooth gliding and easy to set up . it's a little bit pricey , but hope it will last .
i did use the one i ordered before and did work as expected . i ordered these for spare for future use.do recommend them . worth the money .
seems to work flawlessly . really like this product for the price . nothing negative to say .
nice hammer the brass is welcome for firearms work and price is right . would recommend this to others and the 1lb weight is just right for completing small jobs
very handy and compact . we use this all the time , and the corded and battery operated option a real plus in tight spaces !
they do the job and last a decent amount of time . i wish the prices were a little more reasonable .
this jig makes getting the alignment 100 % accurate . it's great to be able to have adjustable shelved any time i want them
keeps the welder clean , has a place to store the cables , and works with my cheap welding cart . just wish it werent so expesive
the few times a year i use the dremel products they always prove priceless ! quick and easy to use - even inside .
had the big box store versions die on me . this is less money and is just a better made product . very happy with it
i haven't had decent extensions for quite a while ... this is a nice change and the price was right on for my usage .
was looking for a brighter bulb and needed a solution . this worked well and the added height looks good too .
this blade cuts great and has a thin kerf , so it doesn't suck the battery down too fast.overall , a smooth clean insulated vinyl siding cutter !
but that's why we pay more for it isn't it ? accurate , true , well constructed and sturdy as a rock . just buy it .
december 28 , 2008a must have when using the kreg pocket hole tool , easy to use and install , used them on most of my project
this items is really needed if you have water flow up , and do not want a simple siphoning effect every time the little giant pump stops
love the small size of it , range is equal to the full size units . i would buy it again if i need another
as a custome a / v system install i like that they are cost effective and work well . i plan on buying them permanently .
i used these locks on my tractor-trailer combo in iraq . these are very rugged and the dust cover was a life saver while driving through the desert regions .
i really liked this until it failed.if it had lasted more than a few weeks , i would have bought a carton of them .
it is very easy to program and has good range . looks just like the original remote that lasted 16 years .
i've used a lot of tack cloths and these are as good as any ... and for the price , well , that did it for me .
took one star off because i cracked it while screwing in one of the screws . you should probably use a manual screw driver so it doesn't crack .
this is good t-track that accommodates hex bolts you can purchase at your local hardware store .
use it when traveling in hotels and they don't have a wand shower . lightweight , drains easily to put back in suitcase . happy with the product
good set of bit holder extensions.they do a good job holding the bits when you can'tget your drill up close to what you are working on .
this led flashlight is the perfect balance of size , durability , light output and a common aa battery . carries well with either the pocket clip or holster .
this multimeter is really well built , it performs admirable being used a lot and banged around . lots of features and it is very accurate , every time !
this stuff is amazing . i recommend getting the catalyst to speed up hardening time with it if you want instant set at your control .
i love this welding blanket . no more weld spatter hitting the windshield or paint . this is a must for covering anything you don't want destroyed .
product was shipped timely . good quality . good value for the cost . would recommend to others.overall good experience . would not hesitate to purchace again from this vendor
i'm using this bag to store and carry my biscuit joiner . perfect size and quality constructed . good looking bag as well !
used to ventilate a small attic space . it has reduced electric bills and made the rooms much more comfortable . great
i did need to buy a few extra bits but over all its the perfect drill for my home and car at half the price of its big brother .
it isn't something you will use every day but when you need it , it will do the job for you .
i love these switch plates , they have a much much cleaner and more attractive look than conventional switch plates with visible screws .
does the job of turning on with the littlest motion it senses.leaves on a windy night that whirl pool . pretty cool actually.it works well !
gets the job done quickly . some feel that a jig is needed to keep square but i disagree . eyeballing square has worked fine for me .
the straps work well if you have sufficient arm strength . it would be better to have a shoulder harness to connect to the straps for lifting .
i use these in my shop daily . they hold up well and don't cause any skin irritation issues . the ultra cool black color is added bonus .
i used the battery's a couple of times and they did a great job for me ! ! i would buy again for the price ! !
they are what you expect , they hold your sockets on . they don't hold heavier 1/2 " drive deep well sockets as well .
works better than the original battery . i would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in replacing the stock dewalt battery .
just what i wanted and hasn't fallen a part of become disfigured in anyway . so glad to have it finally .
these staples are good quality , for a reasonable price . it is also , very convenient to have a set of staples with different depth .
easy to use . does what it advertises - - keeps a connection tight and protected from the weather . i recommend it .
this is more powerful than the over-price wiha 400 10 and the iit 90262 . as long as your screwdrivers can fit , buy this one instead .
these are made with heavy gauge wire and have smaller alligator clips for small jobs . these work as intended and will last a long time . great price .
i wish i had these 40 years ago , i would have saved my weight in knuckle skin.these things are a must have , you'll see .
this right priced lamp really works well and has a soft feel to it . the three way switch allows for maximum light . good value for your money .
i ordered this for my harley tool bag and up in sd . i needed it and they are tough very good buy
nice level , handy to have , magnetic strip might be useful . a little hard to read , yellow or orange would be better .
this set is great . it has a huge variety of sizes in metric and english . even down to almost hair thin . good buy for the moneys
all i wanted was a reliable tester at a good price and that's what i got . simple and easy to use .
this is a real time saver , being able to fold it for storing and then to fold it out and it's always square , wonderful tool !
this is a fantastic set . very good quality and solid construction . case is a great plus , keeps everything together and organized .
this works well ... we did have a unique experience programming it , but once properly programmed it worked well for us and is a big help
if you're installing new drawer hardware , this can make it much easier . perfect alignment every time .
effective for intended purpose and good price . not the easiest to install , perhaps better left to someone familiar with wood-working .
this is a smaller version of the evo . i think it's the perfect size for a pocket knife.it ' s well made and holds a good edge .
it's strong and it works . must have if changing timing belt on a honda / acura . connects to your 1/2 inch breaker bar .
i have a few and with the 3.7 volt lithium ion batteries they are very very bright ... i do have to charge the batteries quite ofter ...
this knife is very very very small , no pocket clip , no lock . it is a very good , basic knife from spyderco and cuts well .
got these for picking stuff out of cactus . works great for that . not much else to say , you get what you'd expect .
works great ! i sprayed a non moving part with this and after a few tries it started to move again !
couldn't ask for anything more from this product . nice solid mounting , versatile in positioning , and flexibility in applications and part holding .
nice little light for the price . very handy to have and easy to use . fits in a small space buy
over 20 + years my workmate has seen better times . the grips got lost and broken over time , so it was ice to get some more .
this is nowhere near a 60 - watt equivalent bulb . maybe 20 - watts at best . don't waste your money on this wimpy bulb .
this set has worked well . amazon had this reasonably priced too . i have done quite a few repairs with these alrady and they are holding up well .
don't apply pressure . just pull back and forth back and forth.would reccomend for simple and small projectsfor larger ones ... use power tools .
this is an excellent tool set made in taiwan . i bought it at costco for 1/2 the price charged here .
instead of using all the other supplies needed for putting the accessories into the rotary tool i just chuck them in with this very nice little item .
a great plane , once honed , removes material cleanly . a nice and useful addition to your tool cabinet . i would highly recommend .
these are great fire extinguishers for keeping in various places around your house . they could at least retard a small fire from getting bigger .
these are top notch . handles fall off is not uncommen with socket chisels . try wrap of very gossamer thin shaving . good price too .
it arrived on time and without any damages . i attached to other accessories and it was a perfect match . i would recommend to others .
this is a quality rubber air line . i use it with a 50 ' reel that i have mounted to a wall . works well .
bought it and love it , works perfect . friend is always borrowing it needs to get his own .
work great in the hammer drill as there isn't a chuck to mess up , they are stable and cut great .
simple but stylish desk lamp . for the money this is a perfect little desk lamp and looks very good sitting on the desk . good buy !
not all boxes are created equal . i've had many a box and this is one of the better ones . a little large but she'll do .
this knife works great and is easy to use . i have used it for over a year and have no complaints !
great set for the price . i bought 2 for the price . there are better kits out there but the price its a most for the tool box .
great amount of light for a single aa battery . only wish it had a momentary on feature , but overall i'm very impressed with fenix .
works well for my purpose , it saves energy and keeps my electric bill , when i need a light in my entryway if i am out after dark .
just another nice dewalt tool works better than other jig saw i have had in the past blade release in nice
well made , clear , and comfortable . adjusts easily and field of view is great . well made . nice job dewalt ! ! !
i use them at work during night shift . alarms are loud and alert to customer entry . no more surprises for while busy stocking or doing chores .
a bit heavy but seems very good . beam is not as focus as i would like it to be , but it works great .
could not have asked for more . strobe momentary on along with a bright beam . mount works perfect on my rueger sr 40 .
got a great deal on this kit and has a nice assortment of accessories for my dremel . works well and is of good quality
i have a smart sears craftsman openner ( with learning button rather than dip switches ) . the opener recognizes the keypad immediately . instructions are pretty clear .
they go off just handling them , they install edge down.this allows placing in tight spaces like behind the fridge fo icemake leaks
handles tight curves very smooth and easily . lack of binding makes it very easy to follow lay out lines no burning or scoring of wood noted
among the best 2 foot levels at the price . well worth the money . what more can i say that hasn't already been said ?
quality knob , permenant finish . operation is very smooth and easy installantion . preferr this brand over kwikset for durability and design choices on finish .
its a burnisher , it makes all my card scrapers razor sharp ... it's made by crown and should last me the rest of my lifetime .
it works sometimes and sometimes it doesn't so i would not recommend anyone to purchase this item . i was disappointed .
why did i think a black background for self stick numbers would show up outdoors ? not big or bright enough for my purposes .
beautiful fantasy light . it is mesmerizing . looks even better in a dark room . sorry i didn't get a larger lava lamp .
has lots of pull and does a good job of completely removing the melted solder . would recommend to a friend .
mostly bought as preventative maintenance.haven ' t had to use them yet but seem like they're good quality.good variety and i'm sure i'll be using them soon .
although i have yet to use this set as i'm in the middle of a house move , the product was as expected in terms of quality and design .
i use this as a porch light . it doesn't matter if it is on all of the time because it draws so little power .
these are excellent lights . they will stand up to the weather and are decently spaced . the protector covers the bulb so they are safe all winter long .
i love the quick change blade set up , and the double trigger is so comfortable ! i also like the ability to angle the saw easily .
had one of these lost it love it so much bought 2 more , will definitely keep these in my tool room .
i do a lot of cuting and for the price it is just as good as a 50 dollar blade
worked well nice to utilize under pressure treated wood in moist areas.handy to have a couple in your tool belt .
great set of hollow punches for all types of uses . worked flawlessly on my belts and for punching holes in rubber gaskets . no whining or complaints here !
works as intended . delivered on time and fits into any space and allows you to push the furniture back in place . good idea .
great value , great combo pack - as i destroy these blades left and right from hd - and pay far more for far cheaper items .
i have used these diehard c3 19.2 volt nicd battery pack for over a year with no problems . . .
acts more as a flashlight than an area illumination . which is ok if you need another flashlight and no more illumination in closets .
light arrived undamaged mounting instructions were clear and easy to understand mounted light over sister's garage . no complaints so far . thank you
this flashlight was great . it is very bright but very small . cannot be beat for the price . highly recommend it .
its a good dust collector for my woodmaster , however the bag can be a pain to replace once you empty it .
it's a magnet . it's mounted on a telescoping rod . it works fine . it's simple . good price . not much else to say !
even my mom can use it without thinking . it works fine and looks good as well . we like it very much .
worked good while it lasted . on lasted about 3 weeks and then stopped working and when turned on made a loud buzzing noise .
very low water flow , but very comfortable spray and very quiet . does not look like plastic ! it works as advertised .
it works as expected for small item which i purchased it for . i'm not into being required to add additional coments . take it or leave it .
great , sharp and sturdy pry bar . i'm using it to remove plastic baseboard and vinyl flooring , and replacing it with tile . really works great ! !
the light sensor is not sensitive enough to see the light hitting it and it tends to stay on when exposed to artificial light .
these knives are the best . they are very durable and extremely easy to sharpen and maintain . the most useful knife i own
i carry it with me on trips . good quality . handy , and will last a long time . not a cheap gimmick type that breaks easily .
it is 3/8 " in diameter and works very well with kreg's or similiar make self-boaring screws . you can use with any drill driver . simple !
design is good . mine was missing one of the nine screws holding the top in place , but that was easily fixed .
i needed this tool and it works well . it's easy to use and now i don't have to worry about over tightening what i'm working on .
a well built good quality item . nice angle for cutting boxes or what ever you may or may not want to cut . there is also blade storage .
i use this as a second pair of brackets with my stand so i can have a table in addition to the miter saw .
great usa made mig welding pliers . easy to use , fast delivery and not cheap china junk . would definitely buy again !
much better than the thin fiber blades that dremel puts out . be careful and they'll do just what you want them to do within reason .
these things work welljust put them in a little adaptor so they can be used in a regular light socketi'll be buying more
suggest you read those reviews before you buyao safety 90541 worktunes am / fm hearing protector with digital tuning and mp3 input
what can you say about a socket ? it is 36 millimeter , one-half inch drive , black , heavy , and comes with a plastic hook .
its cheap and it works . i have a video of my testing before installing my solid wood flooring in case any warranty issues pop up .
get into tight spots , fairly quiet , easy to handle , does a good job & is a fairly light weight tool for your car .
well built , focus works very good . i like that it uses aaa batteries and not those pricey ones that some of the other cree lights use .
a handy addition to my handy man tool collection in my small shop . works in well with my other easy work items
hitachi ds18dvf3 18 volt cordless drill kitnice unit compact well designed for easy to handle . flashlight accessory nice as well as case and charger .
as with the other " bells and whistles " this makes my work on the table saw much easier as i often have to perform cutting operations alone .
my husband was so happy when i gave him this screwdriver set . now he has a way to keep everything together .
this sucks up solder great , the rubber holder / packaging is great , and the price is great . the length will last me a long time .
i like the curve handle than my old ones with straight handle . it is more comfy and the changing tool procedure is not difficult .
i've been using these to run new electrical in my house . they have done great stripping and cutting copper at 12 and 14 ga .
nice power screw driver . holds a charge for a long time , and has a slot built into the side to hold the bit .
very cheaply made but then so is the price . it's gets the job done but i wonder how long it will last ...
good variety to cut metal and wood but will cut others to . i used it to cut plastic pipe and it worked well
these ff size biscuits are great for face frames and so many other small jobs , i would definately recommend these and the small blade to anyone .
replace the hex head bolt with a t-bolt of a longer length and this is perfect . incra , are you listening ?
i got and never used it , but i'm happy to have it just in case . so go and buy it .
very nice recharger.the only drawback is the fact that you can't charge older batteries with it.worth the price and hasn't let me down yet .
i use this solder mostly for pinball repair . it flows great and i don't get cold solders easily . great solder !
original high quality nimh replacement batteries . they last me from 3-6 years and fit all my original 18v tools . the second set i bought from here .
i bought this to go with the rest of the moen eva line and wasn't disappointed . easy installation and a great product .
seems to be exact replacement . only hope is it last as long . time will tell . if doesn't last as long will give it only three stars .
was unsure as to order or not but glad i get , these are beautiful and the colors are awesome . i would recommend to everyone ,
it's nice but the plastic blade after being stored will warp ... so take care of it . i bought another brand metal one i like better .
love the dremel i've already used it for several projects and it seems like i'll be using it for several more different jobs .
good price for a set of drill bits . ill be back if i need more bits . like the holder too
had a bird bath that was fine except for some leaks . used this as directed and now the birds have their bird bath back in use
these things seem to do the job . keep the toilet clean for a few months and then you replace them easy as that
this was an easy upgrade . quiet , oh so quiet . however , the bulb sockets are not of the standard screw in type .
for people talking about what the magnet picks up , penny's are made of copper and zinc , no magnet is going to pick them up ... great product .
extremely happy with this product , works well for a non-professional . at these prices , would probably be good for a professional as well . recommended .
i purchased a box cutter and figured that sometime i would probably need a new blade so i purchased a whole bunch of them .
works great . i have many fruit trees and need many types of pickers . this gives me the versatility i need .
the torx is the only real useful tool in here for the evo 4g . not a big fan , just use a credit card instead
if you would like to save water and money this is definitely the shower head for you . i would highly recommend this . the the shipping was fast .
works great and was inexpensive . it is pretty light weight plastic so you might be careful with it around the shop .
this drill chuck makes my drill press work like never before and it will hold the very small bits securelysupreme accuracy
great hd socket , super clean forging and nice finishgreat hd socket , super clean forging and nice finishgreat hd socket , super clean forging and nice finish
sensor went out on our craftsman garage door . we replaced the sensor with this one and it works perfect . fast installation with great instructions .
great little lite with a very focused beam and convenient to have in your pocket . much better than my older lites .
i wish that i had used this sooner . it's easy to set up and use , and holds corners together well .
this is the best led light bulbs , bright , quite , and not too expensive , and it last forever . built solid and looks elegantly nice .
this little mt fits just fine in my edc bag . it's almost as smooth as it's big brother the ' sog power assist ' , love that one .
nice glossy finish . realistic gray color . fits perfectly and has a nice weight to it which prevents easy cracking . highly recommend it
this kit is complete and gives you just about anything you will need for using the dremel kit . i would recommend this product !
as with most swiss tech items the design was very food , but the manufacture and practical usefulness are rather lacking
case feels a little cheap but overall a great selection of bits for considerably less then a certain well known department store brand , no qualms here .
its got a great bright light , i now can see the ' eyes ' of the four legged creatures in the rear of my property ( 300 feet )
small size , very bright , and seems durable . not sure what more you could ask for in a key chain light ?
this is great for driving screws that my drill doesn't handle that well . it fits my 18 volt batteries without buying new ones .
i installed this little switch along with the genie keyless entry system , and both of them work exactly as advertised . can't go wrong .
takes the repetitiveness out of installing crown molding . can easily be removed or set aside for project cuts other the crown molding
always in use easy access slides out with ease and stays closed when snapped shut . like it much more than the velcro which wears out much quicker .
got what i ordered for the year mine was manufactured . for those that don't know , be careful which one you order . they're not all the same .
would not purchase again - great company fast service - but these things are very noisy , suck up alot of power and over heat 110 power lines
well what can i say other than they are replacement bulbs for my dewalt light and they should work okay
this device is just great . no assembly required . it folds easily but when open is rock solid . it's just a great design .
good price , ac powered ( to meet current code ) with battery back-up . no false alarms . good quality for the price .
love this shower head ! ! ! we removed the flow reducer because we have very low water pressure . but the shower head is great !
i would reccomend this rip guide to anybody who needs to use thier cut rip projects easely and saftey , buy now .
the 10ft length is perfect for using my pancake compressor and 16 guage nailer . much better than the thinner gauge blue hose and no leaks , no kinks .
i bought this to extend the 20 amp outlet i had installed , over to my work bench and it worked fantastically !
while never having a co alert for real , these are the top-of-the-line detectors . and cheaper here than in stores , too .
i needed another outlet and this worked just fine . low profile and leaves the switches next to it accessible . i'll up a couple of pics .
these little magnetic tools are just great , this was a gift for my son , my husband has them also and they really come in handy .
these will get you through one or two little tasks but don't last a fraction as long as the bosch or fein .
pros-very very bright-can take rechargeable batteries or 2 cr123a camera batteries-nice compact sizecons-gets hot when on-i bought 2 , one failed within a month , just stopped working
i have used other hammond project boxes before . the plastic drills out smoothly and leaves a smooth hole for components . the tops always fit tightly
very nice cuts , suprisingly good for this price . i used it on pvc trim with great results , and of course it cuts wood very well .
i was skeptical , but after using these to move an l shaped desk ( which required 8 of these ) on carpet , i'm impressed .
having had these only for a short period of time , i can say they've already come in handy a lot , and the results have been dead-on level .
this tool works great for removing the two small caps on a 55 gallon drum . it's made of sturdy aluminum .
this fan run so quiet and very good lighting . expensive , but worth paying for . will definitely buy it again . highly recommend .
this small knife will get the job done ... but i would reccomend the leatherman squirt because it holds more tools for the same size .
this is a tool that you would never think you would need until you have it , then you don't know how you lived without it !
this is the best deal on tool batteries . two for $ 99.00 . i have checked everywhere but this seems to be the best price .
not bright enough . this flashlight just isn't bright enough to use for any work outside . i don't feel it's worth the money .
makes the 1/2 " square drive adaptable to the typical 1/4 " hex bits most people have . is well built and bits remove and attach easily .
i am not using it for welding , but they are working for what i need . just wish i had read and gotten some a little bigger physically .
nice sturdy cord . good length for most indoor needs . seems like it will hold up well . fair price for this cord .
holds tools and is pretty strong should hold up for yearsnothing else much to say four three two one
the hammer is light , yet drives nails great .. used frequently on numerous projects 20 oz is perfect . i would definitely recommend it .
worked perfectly with cordless drill . you only need to keep an eye on the depth and you should have great results !
good lamp dimmer . easy to install and operate . just plug it in and your good to go . so far i've had no problems with it .
it's a chipping hammer . it works very well for it's intended purpose . just remember to wear eye protection and don't hit yourself on the thumb !
go to your local big box store and buy these brads ( a lot ) cheaper , plus have a better choice of the lengths needed
this product works as advertised . it's easy to install , the dial turns smoothly and water pressure is well maintained .
very high quality bits . used them for drilling wood and steel thus far and i have zero problems .
fantastic construction and materials.solid price.hose feels solid , durable yet is quite flexible and of a nice length for a shower head.the fittings on the ends are nice .
this item is strong and heavy.exactly as described by this seller . i would buy from them again .
these are ok , they are a bit awkward to use but do the job . i do like the light on it
it's the cheapes and great hammer drill that i bought . you can control speed , direction to turn adn it's powerful enough for anything
samething you get in the local stores around you , but at least for me these are half the price . i really dig it .
it's like those amazing yellow hand sharpeners from walmart with the carbide bits in them but smaller with more stuff and completely better . :d
this is a must for camping when using several cooking outdoors with electric skillets and fryers together . has many heavy duty uses and is well constructed and durable
this is basically a good blade except they don't stay sharp for very long , wished they made the teeth harder .
i use these the most out of the three 45 , 90 and straight . they are very high quality and they work wonderfully .
the 6 d versions you can get for 40 bucks . at 76 dollars it truly is a bit on the pricey side
really like this " mudslinger " , it is plenty long to get to bottom of a 5 gallon bucket and appears to be well made .
needed a set of metric wrenches to work on my vstar 1300 . these fit the bill . good price for good tools . can't go wrong .
good tape , good quality . strong yet tears easily with cutting blade on tape dispenser . have bought this tape for years
this is a great set for the occasional user . i do not recommend for the professional mechanic but the weekend or shade tree mechanic will be great ..
after i bought these , i found practically the same thing at home depot for less money . so , i got say ... phift .
this thing lets you program 50 different events per day ... far more than most people would ever need . downside is that it's quite difficult to program .
the replacement was quick and easy . low cost and effective . i'll continue to replace my original 7 + year old co and smoke alarms with these units .
this tarp was done after 8 months in the socal sun . i am very disappointed in its uv resistance and overall performance ,
this fits perfectly under my miller hood . i don't smell any of the fumes while wearing this respirator ( combined with the 3m p100 filters ) .
i wouldn't take this knife to war but i would take it camping . i won't buy a second but i am happy i bought this one .
i'm a toolaholic and have a lot of plyers.this knipex is the best you can buy to cut hard materials . i really recomend it .
i recently had two rooms that i did some remodeling in & this product came in handy . easy to use and fairly accurate .
its a real good gag gift and it glows in the dark , hopefully it will get my boyfriend to put the seat down
what can you say about staples . they work well . i bought the 1/2 " so they would go deeper . they are fine
doesn't give much lighting . ( will need another ) but , it's good for a small area , ( gate , staires , front door etc . )
oh wow great quality you can feel it in the weight of this tool and also in the craftsmanship of the design .. very nice
no problems with it at all . i am not fond of the color of the light . but i guess these will get better in time .
in the past i purchased a similar lock but couldn't get the personalized combo to work . this product worked perfectly .
we have a whole house humidifier and these work great . the convenience of buying them online only makes it better .
great rip fence i use it with my cordless skill saw all the time to cut ply and doors . no problems and holds up well at the jobsite .
light weight , good solid quality construction.very handy use and easy to move around and set up.pretty sure its not lawyer proof , again , nothing is .
i would reccomend this tool bag to anybody who needs a tool bag to keep thier tools safe , buy now .
we typically buy a new space heater every year . comparing this to that last 15 or so we have purchased it was the worst .
if you have a 210 mvp and plan to do flux wire welding , this is a must have . save yourself time cleaning up your nozzles / tips .
this package is perfect ! works great for the home user . i love it ! thanks senco ! i highly recommend this set .
i use these at my local demon worshipping meetings , we hold them up and point the way to the river styx . they are great !
this box work great for space saver on bench or shelf , great for putting electronic parts into it and holding computers parts supplies
these are the small size extractors but they work good for small screws such as # 8 or #10 wood screws
the magnet in this unit is really no stronger than a half dozen other bit holdersi have . not typical of wera tools .
not as good as low flow shower heads i've used in the past . does not maintain a fine spray , but beads up .
this works great as a boat trailer cover . i hope it last as long as it looks like it will ! !
this high quality lock enables me to not use keys any more . you can easily program codes for visitors . locking action smooth .
indispensable disposable gloves . great for working on cars and keeping your hands clean . they will rip if you work with sharp things but they're just nitrile gloves
bought this as a gift and when he learned for my husband what i paid for it , he made me send it back .
excellent quality pump . i have purchased this brand in the past with no problems . perfect for draining a spa or small pool .
i'm not using this for welding just as a shop apron . it's well made and a great deal for $ 18.99 .
bought it , tried it in my maglite aa.all i got for my money was dim intermittent blinking light .
it's nice and is almost deserving of 5 stars . if it was a little easier to adjust and move around ...
i would highly recommend this to anyone who needs to save money and water . the shipping was extremely fast . it was extremely easy to install as well .
i used this tarp to pack and move for about 4 hours worth on the back of a pickup and the ends frayed and tore off .
these are great for automotive work . i keep a box in my truck , and have used them on a dozen different projects . no failures so far .
there maybe be better , more expencive but for the money this tool works fine . beware multiple companies sell this tool . some for inflated prices .
