my grand daughters love this cartoon and the software . i am thankful i bought it for their enjoyment and mine .
thank so much this item is very good hora loca party , delivery and price is ok excellent product .. ! i need price 10 dozen o more
this a quality product and quite easy to put together . my 5 year old daughter loves it .
another fun and unique craft set by alex ! my kids and us had a ball creating these ! loads of fun and simple to do !
my son says this is one of his favorite beys . ldrago is able to spin for a really long time .
very creative and neatly designed lego indiana jones character . was a great addition to my sons collection of mini figures . beautifully crafted
the wooden chuggington train seem to be sturdy and are very cute . they work well with our kidkraft wooden tracks .
do not expect much , its fun while kids will play with it , cute little bath play toy . ok for the price of 20 bucks .
good product for children to practice handwriting skills . item shipped promptly and arrived as pictured .
adorable tool belt with accessories for my 5 year old . he loves to wear it and help his dad " work "
was very easy to put together . looks like you are really pouring tea . my daughter loved it . she plays with it daily .
i also purchased this for my granddaughter and she loves it , would reccomend for xmas or birthday gift she will love it .
christmas gift to my neice she loves any doll so she loves this one and she likes the cartoon good gift
great toy with many ways to play with it both as a stand alone toy and in conjunction with turbo and his friends
both my kids love this . i had one as a child and remember loving it . same goes for them . recommended .
my kids got this for christmas ! ages 6,4 , and 3 they all sit around the table for hours creating new breakfast foods !
one of the best lego sets we've purchased . it really has plenty of pieces with endless possibilities . the case is great too .
my girls have collected quite a few of these sets . they love to mix and match the sets to create !
my 8 & 10 year old grandchildren have really enjoyed this game - it has become a family favorite and they often involve their parents , too !
great doll for the pokemon lover in your family . he looks cool and my son liked his colors . good gift
the plate works with duplo legos and small legos . very happy . my 5 yr old and 2 yr old can use the same plates .
i was very surprised on the quality of the holster set . very well made and made to last . the gun is all metal and very sturdy !
my 9 year old son just absolutely loves collecting these dragons ! very detailed with vibrate colors ! i definitely highly recommend .
i'm a big kid at heart couldn't believe these toys look so good buy it worth the money if you are a true godzilla fan
met all expectations , our grandsons haven't stopped playing with the new guys and toys . this line is a very big hit in our family .
was a great addition to the cupcake and there is enough left over that i can keep for something else or donate to goodwill .
sorry i can't say more about the game ... we actually gave it away to a toy drive . but ... i'm sure it was just like the original !
i paid $ 27 for this phone for my three year old . it has very few features and was not entertaining to him at all .
this are veeeeeeeeeeeeeeery thin and just for a one day use .. these are definitely only for a birthday party and not made for lasting more than a day .
this a very cute tea set . durable and little hand ready . just wish it came with a storage / container to carry it all in .
i used these as necklaces , bracelets , and anklets for my daughter's costume . great inexpensive option for dress-up , princess party favors , etc .
i'm putting the alphabet puzzle up for future use . granddaughter is only two years old and too young for this puzzle
it's important that a product like these helicopters have good but inexpensive replacement parts when needed . they came fast and were easy to install .
it arrived in a timely fashion , no issues noted with the foam axe ( broken , cuts appears deformed ) . very impressed with the presentation and appearance .
this is perfect for any parent that lets their child play with the ipod.it is durable and protects the device from falls and most of all the mouth .
my son doesn't use it much but he has and enjoyed it . holding up well - have had it for 6 months now
this engine is different and definitely looks different than most others . he played with it a lot initially , but now not as much .
i got it 2 , so make the all battery ready to use and have fun more to fly my heli
played this at a party and it seemed simple enough but wouldn't use for children less than 12 . like word games then this could be for you
these are pretty nice brushes for the beginning artist . there are different sizes and shapes . they were a gift to my granddaughter .
for anyone that likes rabbits this would be perfect for u its is so cute and can fit anywhere if u want it to go with u
3 year old loved it ! she has memorized all the songs it sings and she plays with it daily . it's a great piece for kids .
lots and lots of fun ... takes some time to build , but very cool , and lots of fun to put together and play with .
i happened to get this on a flash sale so it was an amazing price . and i could never find it in the store .
i have a bunch of syma helicopters i love them all . so , stable , so easy to fly . s107g can't miss
i purchased this as a gift for my 5 year old nephew and he loves it . definitely a great inexpensive gift .
too many small parts that come off easilybut otherwise a great toythe boys really seem to like it
very creative craft for the grand children to occupy their time with . they are always using their imagination when the craft box comes out .
i purchased this for my five year old grandson , he is very good at puzzles and loves the dinosaurs , this is a favorite of his now .
our family really enjoys ticket to ride and this expansion is a great addition to the game . well worth the money .
my grandson has several of these and absolutely loves them . they are sturdy and easy to snap together . he spends hours playing with them .
my 3yr old son loves to play with this latches . he like to open and closes it , great for hand and mind coordination .
my granddaughter and her friends at day care love dressing up in these outfits and their teachers like them as well .
we love spot it ! this was a perfect version for our younger kids to play ! it is an easy quick game to play !
i bought this for my 2-1 / 2 year old granddaughter and she loves it . it is everything that it was advertised to be .
my grandson turned two yrs old and he loved his little cars to go with his rug and people . great present
three great little books my 6 year old loved drawing in and using the stickers to create his own stories .
this is a nice heavy duty stability ball . it also has reminder pictures of useful pictures around the entire ball .
granddaughter loved it and takes it everywhere she goes . fits in backpack pockets or it can be attached to a coat zipper
so cute my 2 year old loves getting her stars . great for potty training etc . i had one as a kid and loved mine ! ! !
doesnt keep his interest for too long ( 3-4 minutes max ) .. but he flips it back and forth and oo's and ahh's with it ...
this game is supper fun . we all have fun playing this game . this game never gets old . so much fun !
lots of wheels , lots of various designs , lots of options to customize the monster trucks , great for a kiddo that loves legos and vehicles ! ! !
this is a great doll and colorful . my daughter loves the monster high series and i cannot wait for her to see this one .
i love this toy and my son does more . he got it when he was 10 months and learns from it constantly .
my two-year-old just loves to feed her baby dolls and watch the milk & juice " disappear " . these were a great buy !
what isn't quality and fun that this company makes ! i love anything with their name on it . it provides hours of artist fun ! they never disappoint .
my son never gets tired with this book ! must buy for the babies less than 18 month !
this was a gift to " grandpa " to play with all the grandkids . it was a big hit and there was laughs and smiles all night long .
bought this for my 5 yr old grand daughter . she loves playing barbies and putting things together . perfect choice for her .
my 3 - year-old enjoys playing with the food groups in her kidkraft retro kitchen . the product is well made and fun to play with .
fun for little helpers . everything gets swept and mopped including the tv , walls and even dad if he doesn't pay attention .
great puzzle . though my son currently only gums the pieces , it is nice looking and has held up very well .
these have help up well to my 3-4 yr old over the past year , he really loves to pretend cooking and making me sandwiches .
great toy for the little ones keeps them busy and they are learning there colors and shapes and helps them with coordination .
and by boys , i mean my two sons , (8 & 5 ) and my husband . these are great and are very fun to play with !
purchassed these for christmas for my grandson . he's so very happy with these . trust the lego name always . good price point .
the lego explorer character was fun and the look of it was marvelous . i was very pleased with this toy .
i bought this superman as a gift for my nephew and he loved it . i can't wait to buy more of these super figures
i think my husband and i played with this more than the kids . they did like the noise that is made .
i purchased these items for a few diferent dolls my daughter has . they fit and work perfectly for any other types of dolls too .
very nice addition to any monster high collection . my granddaughter loved it . i would highly recommend it.very detailed . very happy with purchase .
my kids had lots of fun doing these ! lots of neat things in this to decorate the animals ! great fun for all !
didn't work very well . very clunky and awkward for children to make it look like on tv > she quickly forgot this toy in her toy box .
this well-made toy is fun to play with in an open-ended way and at the same time teaches fine-motor skills , shapes , colors , patterns , and counting .
i wish i had bought these sooner . they are so freakin helpful when building with my son . do yourself and your child the favor .
bought this for my son who enjoys puzzle play , but is also learning to read . it has been great in helping him recognize words .
this is purchased for christmas so my grandson hasn't played with it yet . however , i know he will love it .
recipient of gift loved it ! he is really into lego's so this was a great addition to his collection and it stored them too !
melissa & doug have some of the nicest educational toys ! these are very well made and will bring many hours of creative fun for my grandson !
these would have been great if all of them were still working when they arrived . three of them were dead on arrival .
what can i say ? my kids love their leapsters and the games that i purchase for them ! ! !
daughter said grandson loved his car . even had to take it with them shopping . love ordering these kinds of cars for him .
my sister is turning her kids into disney freaks . so , anything disney is treated well . durable and cute toys . enjoyable show kids love this toy
good quality overall ... the cat ears are too delicate , however , and broke on the first day , so i knocked off a star .
this cute little creature was a great addition to our holiday traditions ! he was super bendy and was so cute in any mischievous predicament he found himself in !
i purchased these to use on my son's first birthday mickey mouse themed cake . they were the perfect size and stood up nicely in the icing .
neither of my children were interested in this toys as babies or toddlers . the noisemaker inside is more annoying than most annoying toys .
at least so far ! this has been a fun toy for my 2.5 year old . it has not broken yet !
my son loved it . it's a decent toy for a real good price . it makes the same angry bird noise they all do .
would have given leatherhead 5 stars but the cost made mechoose 4 stars instead . made a great christmas present .
my son was happy to receive this game and he plays it often , along with his other leapforg games on his tablet .
it sure made my granddaughter smile big . why do we have to submit so many words ? it keeps you from getting reviews
my grandson loves playing with his leappad so unless you own a battery company , this is a must have item .
my son loves this dvd and that it came with a truck for him to play with . he loves chuck ! !
i bought this as a gift for my son and it was a big hit . what a great price and supper fast shipping .
a great simple , but challenging game for all ages . i play this with my wife and it's lots of fun .
this is great furniture . it has withstood all sorts of use and still looks great . my kids love this . great choice .
it was a hit and helps her keep all of the small items together especially when traveling to day care
the price was right to keep the kids happy and in the water for hours !
a way to spend time on mindless fun while i work on the computer . sometimes simple is better than electronic .
this is perfect for 1st and 2nd graders . they can put it together in probably 15-20 minutes . once again , the boys rush to play with this .
ny daughter recommended this as a helpful aid for my granddaughter for helping her build her sight word recognition . she is five , kindergarten .
these have been well loved and got plenty of play before the sword broke at the hilt ( it's hollow ) and the strap came off the breastplate .
eventhough it is not the exact size of plush my son wanted he is still very happy playing with it .
i got this for my 5 year old so he could grow into it . the ones in stores are too small once a child hits 3 yrs
purchased for a birthday gift--but the recipient really like it ! all of the lego brand toys seem to be a child pleasing purchase .
this has been lots of fun for our toddler ! she loves making pie for the whole family . another great m & d product !
love her one of my favorite dolls besides operaretta geat customer keeping it in my room monster high rules again
you can make different vreations with this one set . that makes it usable over and over . car looks good also .
this is one of the best economical values for getting varieties of colours and number of bands . good quality loom bands .
fun gift .. with it had a few more pieces ... almost needs a case with it so you don't lose the small pieces ... cute overall though
my daughter and her cousins absolutely love this product . it's easy to set up , a great price , and it is very lightweight .
like this game ! so much easier to play than the asian and european versions . have enjoyed this with our friends .
i like them . they added that to the bug theme i had for my kids party . i expected them to be bigger though !
lots of options for building and a great storage tub , too . make a great gift for any child ! can't go wrong with k'nex !
never met a toddler who didn't love a shopping cart ! ! great gift always a huge hit ! ! ! would buy again .
i bought these wooden train whistles for my sons birthday the kids love them . they are small but make a nice train whistle sound .
my niece declares that i am the best nonnie in the world because i know where to buy her the exact dolls she wants
the grand kids get hours of fun out of these trains . they end up winding throughout the house when they visit . great fun .
cute as can be , i think the 4 yr old will love it and feel like it is a grown up toy that he can play with
my 14 month old son is just now starting to scribble with crayons . it is so cute to see him dancing to the music as he scribbles !
my niece loved this gift ! ! great price for a present and perfect for a creative 11 year old ! ! i cant wait to buy more styles !
these are wonderful , especially for the price . very cute , and very durable . plus the color is perfect . just what my daughter's doll needed .
theses are so cute great quality . we put little gifts in eaxh of the pockets for the kids also . loved it
if you have a little guy / girl that likes planes , he / she will enjoy playing with this . sturdy and it does float .
easy to install and my son loves it . awesome toy and best price i have found . i love how it will grow with him also .
i bought this for my family to all play . the game is fun but the words / phrases started repeating only after a few games which was disappointing !
stones were as described but were to small for my 18 month old grandson to play with when not supervised .
my daughter loves this dragon . we've had him for months , and he still looks new . he's even survived a trip through the washing machine .
i bought these for my grandsons but the whole family utilizes them . check out the options on amazon.com for the best selection and great prices .
very busy looking but i guess that is the whole point . there are worse harder puzzles like escher print ones .
we love this game and play it all the time ! have also purchased several expansions . never gets boring . have purchased several additional as gifts too !
this is a must for youth groups ! you get to use your imagination ! you'll have hours of fun with this game !
my son loves thomas the train and was so excited and happy to get this thomas for his birthday present .
this is worth the buy for dino lovers like my son ! papo is great . this is our fourth papo dinosaur and once again we are impressed .
very nice piece of lego . a must have for collectors out there . great paint job and really nice to put in a scene .
i love these shoes for our doll ! they are of excellent quality and are a great fit . the sparkles are perfect ! coordinates great with our outfits .
my son has one of these at preschool and he loves to look at it . it's memorizing . the two different panes are even cooler .
she no longer put them thru the top , now she is in the stage where she throws things so the shapes get tossed all over the house .
this is the best ever science kit because you can create things like a color changing volcano - great learning tool
the mother of the child thought this would be an excellent game , so we agreed and purchased it for her .
these chimes have such a beautiful crisp clear tone . i use them in my classroom to call the children to circle / line time .
another good set for a young boy needing something to do . have patience ! don't like the cheap flimsy boxes . they are easily crushed and torn .
he loves to play his leapster leapfrog up . it keeps him entertained and away from doing miss happs around the house
this is fun ; you need to work with your children to make it look full and colorful . unfortunately you can't stick and restick the little pieces
great gift for kids starting to learn letters and how to read . is constructed well and is very cute . makes a great gift !
this is a really nice toy , not only its pretty and has good quality but your kid will really play with it
this app center download card is a good value with easy to follow instructions for use . i recommend it as an addition with leappad .
the whole family is having fun with these rockets . the toddler is gradually removing the fins , but there are enough of them that we're still enjoying them .
bought this for my grandson for christmas . he loves to play games on his mother's tablet so now he has his own .
these worked out great as decorations for a pirate party . we put them around the chairs and outside . i had my local vons inflate them with helium .
my 8 - year-old daughter loves to collect these ! this one is especially cute for christmas and will make a nice addition to her collection .
i think the kids will love this item . i know my grandson sure did . you can buy this with confidence
my son was getting a lot of jake and the never land pirates items for christmas and i ordered this to go with the rest of his items .
my son loves this zebra it is a great pal to watch tv with and is very durable . it is also a perfect size .
my son is 10 and enjoys playing with these darts and this gun has so many options . he loves pretending and playing with all the different options .
this is a very fun toy for a 6 months - 1 yr old . it plays music and has lot's of action .
can't write a reveiw when you get the wrong product ! amazom or sunvalleytek needs to get it togather putting it nicely !
my 3 yr . old granddaughter was thrilled to receive her chica for a birthday gift . we watch sprout together and chica is a favorite character .
the zipper constantly gets caught . protects game well but i feel it will only last a couple months because the threading around zipper is already tearing
this set is really nice . perfect size for the kidcraft 2 piece kitchen . interchangeable tops , oven mitt , durable - adorable
we bought this for our 11 month old and she likes it . it is educational and colorful . i would buy this again .
april fools gag at it's very best . had someone wipe this into the bowl and attempt to flush it down .
this mickey has stood up to a year of abuse by a now 16 month-old . i love the size and the rattle inside .
buy it for my son , he likes lego movie , you want to collect all the figureshe ' love lego movie
my son and i have spent countless times running around our house with these . it is a good toy and holds up to plenty of abuse .
i bought it to compose my frozen collection , i work with decorative tables for birthday parties . the plushies are very soft , sven met our expectations .
my grandson loves his lettersaurus . it has a lot of learning parts which i like to buy for all the grankids .
this was a good toy for the price , it was a gift for a friend's son and my own son was jealous !
you've got to have a variety of undies for the doll and these are a great choice . they are cute prints and fit nicely on the ag doll .
i put this together by myself and my grandson loves it . it seems very kid friendly . colorful and fun to play with .
i love the doll her makup & i absolutly love her mask & hair but hate the outfitselena g lover out
i bought the iron man action figure to add to my collection . it looks really good among the other action figures .
it is a very good quality battery . have better flight time & absolutely no problems charging . highly recommended no regrets .
what child doesnt love to build ? these are a great value for hours of fun . any little girl would love these .
nice soft koosh ball . color was fine . ( it was picked at random . ) a tiny bit smaller than i expected though . would buy again .
my girls love this toy . the scream with delight when ever we get this one out . i am disapointed with the quilty but still a fun game .
my boys love this cart and it is just right size for them . they spend hours pushing it around and loading all sorts of stuff in it .
very interesting for my grandson , he loves monsters and dinosaurs this was a great idea . no small pieces , no need to assemble . just perfect .
very sturdy train and colorful . i have both henry and thomas and my grandkids love them especially that they each can talk
my son adores this toy . he is especially loves the street signs , so those alone made the purchase worth it .
my sister told me that he love this game system more than his tablet . so i guess it was a great buy .
got this for my daughter for christmas , she loved this kit ! really happy with this product , would definitely buy again .
the stars are super sparkling , i doubt if it's fine with the little babe's eye , a bit of concerning on that .
my toddler loves this toy ! she rides on it all the time . easy to blow up and store when not using .
elmo is cute and almost the same size as my daughter . she drags him everywhere with her and loves her elmo
another add on to my order and was very cheap compared to the store prices . they're great quality pens . perfect for kids .
this stuff smells good until you put it on then it smells like a diaper . it didn't work for me at all .
waaaaay bigger than i thought it was , and good quality too . my son really loved this . i highly recommend it !
my son loves this gun it shoots good and he has a lot of fun with it it could include more bullets though it only came with a few .
i played this with my grandkids the last time i was babysitting and i loved it just as much as they do .
cute and sweet little baby doll . my daughter has not played with it much yet , but i hope soon it will become one of her favs .
intex floating hoops basketball game colors may varyperfect for the pool ... 3yr old loves this ! keeps him busy in the pool
fun to race cars and you can race all cars not jsut the fisher price ones but match box ones too ,
not that fun unless you mix and match for a more interesting game . kinda boring and we have two somehow .
my 3 year old grandson loves daniel tiger and will be surprised to receive this cute copy . his mother loved mr . rogers
this is such a cute vanity set ! bought to put in my monster high doll house . makes a great addition to anyone's collection .
this set is a great value with a nice assortment of vehicles . true to the matchbox quality this set was a grandson pleaser .
my son loves chuggington and he almost has the whole collection along with the new train sets . he loves it .
very good quality . we would def purchase again . my son loves them and plays with them regularly . no wear has shown .
i really enjoyed putting this together and it looks really unique on my wall i would recoment to anyone who loves puzzles
i love the whittle world toy line . the toys are very well made , and durable enough to stand-up to a three year old boy .
super cool to begin with , but the little cars start being unable to hold their charge shortly after setting up the toy ( like within a week )
it's not too loud and i love that it's all one piece ( no missing parts ) ! as always with little tikes this toy is very durable !
my 2 daughters love this set ! the price was the best to be found and the quality , durability is great . no complaints at all .
these cards are fantastic , even speaking asa fan , the detail , quality , vibrant color & beautiful artwork , makes these a must have .
these are really wonderful mosaics for boys . very high quality ! your boy won't be disappointed with these . kept my kid my for quite a while .
definitely one of the most played with toys at our home . all my kids love them and will play with them almost daily , great toy .
great item from plan toys . my son loves to fly it around and the pilot is removable . works great with the plan city set .
love it ! love it ! love it ! love it ! love it ! love it ! love it ! educational and fun ... it's a win win .
nephew loved it , gave as a birthday gift to my 9 year old nephew and he was thrilled to be able to play uno a different way .
well made and easy to assemble . get the family set that goes with this . perfect for a 5 year old .
this is a timeless toy . kids of all ages find this toy amusing . some things just can't be improved upon . good price for a vintage toy .
their products are always first class . my grandson who is three just loves this puzzle and talks about each vehicle as he does the puzzle .
good for thomas the train fans , and great for learning . we play this alot , and it is easy to travel with
legos are always great . my grandsons are really into minecraft so they were very happy to get these legos.just wish they were not so expensive . :-(
just what my son wanted for xmas , item is great quality . shipped very neatly and very quick . i am satisfied ...
smaller than i expected . paper money and cardboard food boxes will not last long . some of the coins could be a choking hazzard for younger children .
i bought these as party favor holders for my kids birthday party and they worked really well ! they are so cute too !
i ordered this for the price , you get what you expect but the price is what made me order it .
my granddaughter is always looking for figures to add to her loving family dollhouse collection . she has enjoyed playing with this grandpa .
my son is a huge batman fan and when he open this for christmas he absolutely loved it . he shakes it all the time .
who doesn't love dragons . these dragons come in a tube and give my son hours of fun and adventure , you gotta love that
this purchase was a must . daryl is one of my favorite characters from the show . his brother , you have to love to hate .
i bought this as a christmas gift for my grandson . he is a turtle fanatic he fell in love with them .
thomas has been a firm favourite for over a year and my grandson plays with the every day go thomas
bought this for my 1 year old grandaughter , it moves fast , especially on tile floor . actually meows , should keep her busy
this toy was so annoying balls kept rolling all over the place my daughter was not really interested in it . this toy ended up in the trash !
these aren't worth they money . my sons tried to play with these ... they were so excited . but they don't work .
my daughters have played with this set for almost a year and they are in the same condition . very high quality and hopefully many more years of fun .
my 4yr old daughter loves this whoopee cushion . she had a hard time blowing up the regular kind so this is perfect .
bought this as a gift . it was and is being used simply as a prop for their own use . seems to work very well .
our nephew loves thomas and friends so this ultra ebook was a great christmas item : fun but also teaches them how to read !
these little animals are absolutely adorable and the grandchildren were really delighted with them before they even realized that they were erasers .
real cute but would have liked to have more than one . just didn't want to spend that much on more . made well and very cute
4 year old loves it ! such a cute design and protects the leapster from getting hurt when dropped . worth the money !
my son ordered this and has loved it ! he put it together in about 15 minutes and played with it for about 2 hours right after .
it is very well constructed and fits the leap pad 2 . my daughter has been using hers all day in the case without issue .
it looks just like sweetpea sue and my granddaughter age 1 1/2 loves it . great idea . i highly recommend it .
the best loom ever , i started loomy last october and it keep me relax and busy when i don't work ,
i ordered this item for my 4 yr old grandson who loves dinosaurs and skulls ! came quickly and as described . would order again .
cheap microphone with the spring that vibrates , but my daughter is happy with it .
there's a another pack for like 3 more dollars that comes with all three of these figures , plus applejack and pinkie pie
my grand kids love this set . all the colors and all the gadgets really expand what they can do . this is a winner .
my grandsons were excited on christmas morning to receive this expansion to a game they had . it was a hit with them .
bought as a set with dash--a great addition to my grandsons collection . great condition , everything i expected it would be
my daughter loves these little critters ! i got them quickly and they will be on their way to her birthday party
my daughter was very pleased with this purchase . she had been wanting this for a long time . it was very soft and cuddly .
this little animal is very cute and durable . the marker is bright and washes off easily . all of my girls enjoy it .
my 2 year old enjoys playing with this fun sand and water toy . i think , it was a good buy , that i can recommend .
we were absolutely stunned when we received this ! i would recommend this time and time again . our little girls loves this !
i bought these for stocking stuffers for my twin boys , they will love them . they just love max & ruby .
wide mouth cups are perfect for brush dipping . perfect with the melissa and doug easel . i should have bought two sets .
while it's great to be fully loaded with water , this can be a burden for younger kids to carry because it does get heavy when completely full .
learn and play in one shot . i like it . there are features that help them learn and grow their sweet little minds .
a perfect reading tool for a beginner reader . my ( then ) 4 and 2 year old loved this and the books we got along with it .
love it . my grand daughter was extremely excited over this one . she just loves it . plays with it all the time .
my granddaughter loves it ! so cute . my granddaughter plays with her constantly . she made for a great interactive cake topper too !
bought these animal figures as a christmas gift for my 2 yr old grand-daughter and she loves it ! works great with the little people zoo .
very realistic . has a sound and a motion effect that makes my toddler feel like she is really helping mommy !
this was some different stuff . grand kids ( 9 and 10 ) loved it though . don't think i would like younger kids play with it .
my nephew loved this ! it's absolutely perfect . item was just as described and the arrived very quickly . very happy with my purchase !
do not buyit is really frustrating for little ones because the stickers / glitters etc ... do not stay on the crownbad productreally !
bought for my loom and spend way too much time with it ... makes me want more , more , more ! definatey would recomend !
my 7 year old collects webkins and this was on her christmas list - it's cuter than the picture and we are very happy with it .
bought one of the houses and furniture and more people . they are stayiing at grandma's house . reallly keeps them busy .
i'm very happy with this purchase ! the signs are durable and big . they would be fun to use during pretend play too .
i expected better considering the regular price . save your money . you get better at $ 1.00 tree or dollar general.about 4 inches tall .
bought as a gift for a 5yr old and it was a hit ! can't go wrong with sticky mosaics , and this was perfect for a boy .
my granddaughter loves this cute kitty hat and she says she loves the way it keeps her ears warm too
got this for my son as he has about 10 beyblades . its a good way of keeping them in one place and all the little fiddly bits together .
i have a 17 year old that when she is stressed loves to sit down to a very interesting puzzle .. this is the one
not worth even 10 cents . they look cheap and the stones are missing . what a crap . they look horrible ! dont order
my sons love aaron's thinking putty . this one has incredible colors when pulling and twisting it ( both inside or outside in natural light )
i got this at a steal . my son loves these and we bought this for a friends birthday . they are great quality
my daughter absolutly loves this car ! she barely sits in a stroller , but she kicks back and chills in this ! :)
a toy that does not spend very much time in the closet ! ! does take 6aa batteries each , but does not " eat " them very quickly .
we gave this as a christmas gift for our 2 year old grandson . he loved playing the drums ! highly recommend !
a simple learning clock but also a nice way to learn shapes and numbers . haven't met a melissa and doug product i don't like .
another very cute set for the american girl . it fit very well and made a darling set when granddaughter used the white tennis shoes .
i have twin 24 month old boys and they loved sitting and pulling the string through the holes . it is a nice one on one play time .
this is the best set of these dolls available . and they are a nice size as well . couldnt be happier
we bought this case for my 2 year old daughter and her leapster . it works well in protecting the gaming system and a couple games .
nice art kit perfect for the budding artists . gives you a good mix of different things in the case . great product for the price .
i bought this for my grandson as a gift . he has definitely gotten my moneys worth out of it and it was worth it to see him laugh
a classic magic trick that my almost 5 year old magician truly loved and could perform within a few minutes practicing with me . good quality and clear instructtions
these batteries work good and are very easy to charge for use with my boyfriends helis and quads . buy them !
well made , good price , and good service . this was a gift for a 4 year old who likes the popular television show .
this game came in a timely matter and was brand spanking new . thanks to the seller !
cute game , fill his tummy until he pops . the grandkids liked it a lot . it takes no thought , and arrived as promised .
we bought this b / c it's cheaper than going back to ikea and buying their roll of paper . it fits the ikea easel perfect .
lets make it simple : very good robot mode , but kinda stupid in truck mode as too much information exposed on the bottom
my nephew is a big time yoshi fan , and i bought this for him for christmas . it's about 8 inches tall and is very soft and cute .
i bought this for my grand daughters birthday and she loves all the monster high school dolls . waiting for more new ones to come out .
they are crayola . son-in-law will only let children play with crayola products so this fits well .
granddaughters all around really loved this adorable , whimsical animal necklaces & the cute gift boxes they came in . thanks so much
my 3 year old daughter loves this toy . she has already made 2 necklaces with her grandmother and has had lots of fun !
at last we will have our revenge ! amazing figure by hasbro in their new black series line great detail great paint check out my review ! [ ... ]
this building plate is great for giving a kid something to build on . excellent for use with loose sets of lego blocks too .
santa brought this for out 5 year old son . he loves it . hops around the house on it almost everyday .
but other than that they are good . i like that there are enough paint brushes for the cups and they all match .
these are great blocks and my girls love to put them together . they are easy for a 2 year old to put together and build things .
our 2.5 year old is a huge " dooby " fan . this little guy has been a big hit . small enough for her to carry around .
my almost 2 year old son has learned to sort with this amazing toy ! a must in every child's toy collection .
great for any girl who loves princess sofia . i recommend buying the royal family with this . most of the figurines are made to go with this castle .
good product and the price was fair . easy to use , and works fine . good buy and good choice product for the leapster .
i love this and is awesome for a child that loves rainbows . the only down side is it has to be super dark for it to work properly .
got one for my grandson last year so our grand daughter gets one this year ! future athletes for sure and this is the perfect toy to practice .
pretty but her accessories are difficult to use . my niece was frustrated trying to put her the mask . her hair is really nice .
loved them . see my review on the melissa & doug stacking emergency vehicles . grandson , almost 3 years old , is crazy about them .
this toy should get toy of the year award . boys love it . challenges and competitions for hours with their beyblades .
this toy is great , highly detailed , i love absolutely everything about it , sure that my kid is gonna love it too
bought this for my grandson and he loves it , quality seems great and he just loves it ... caught him talking to his pony ;-d
long lasting , it was as described in ad , would recommend to anyone . good price . came quickly . thank you . my nephew loved it
surpasses all of the ones that i saw in the stores and my 6 yr old loves it . detailed leather like archerie sleeve and lovely cloak .
cute toy , fun , my son likes it , and it's educational , what more can you ask for ...
i think it is not very interesting toy for my 15months son , maybe it is so easy for over 12 months .
my daughter loves these ! she had lots of fun doing these ! loves it when she gets some shimmer and shine to the mosaics !
toddler loves it ! ! as she has aged i've changed it up a bit by calling out the shapes or colors to stack first . great but ! !
i was really impressed with this . we got a lot of fun in a box for a very reasonable price !
my son was not a fan but he loves avengers so i bought him captain america to complete the set . he loves the features it has
i got this for my son for easter . he fell in love instantly . so soft , so adorable , it is just perfect !
i wish the screen wasn't so dark but i guess my grandaughter can see it clearly and she loves playing with it .
this works great in the melissa and doug easel we have another fun way to use the easel . i recommend .
my toddler son loves anything to do with thomas & friends . these are great for playing with in the bathtub ! :)
this case is great for holding all the barbie supplies . it's a great size and light weight so the littler girls can handle it .
great game . please don't make us write all these words . it keeps you from getting reviews . i cannot spend this much time .
i have seen similar sets in the daycare i work at , these muffins are much smaller than i expected , more the size of mini muffins .
the mike is a lot bigger than i expected & i don't hear much of an echo . my daughter doesn't care for this toy .
you can't get a better heli for this price ( $ 22 ) . i suggest starting with this heli and then getting nano qx when you get better .
these are definitely necessary if you have a chalkboard . nothing else will clean the boards quite the same . i bought 2 of them .
this is a great first puzzle ! my grandchild enjoys working this puzzle and she makes the sounds of the farm animals . so cute ! good buy .
leapfrog leapster carrying case , purple keeps the game system and games safe that were purchased for my granddaughter to use during travel from north carolina to california .
so i bought it for my little niece 2 year old and i fell in love with it perfect little package with everything in it
we love this castle playset . all the kids . the 3 year old granddaughter had fun with it yesterday . thank you .
great travel game . all parts are enclosed so nothing to lose . will keep a little creative designer busy for hours .
it's a really fun game . portable and perfect for 1 person . great way to pass time while waiting on the kiddos .
this is a very small ball but it was perfect for the four year olds who received it . it's fun for all the littleactive princesses out there .
wasn't impressed ... the mold was fine and the volcano overall look ... but we could have done the experiement without paying so much ...
great pricing for the amount of white bands . white bands are a must have on my daughters collection of loom bands .
my garndson loved this game and i am sure he will learn a lot from it and was very reasonable price
kids love it . it actually works well . price is good for the quality of the product . would recommend it . thanks .
the draws open up for the hair dryer to go inside ! ! soo cleverly designed ! very solid product and great detail
christmas gift for my niece who is crazy about doc mcstuffins . she loves to play it and so do we .
great family fun , good for many hours of distraction for kids as well . we enjoy hours of playing phase 10
our grandson really likes it a lot . i haven't seen him play it , but he carried it all over on the day he opened it .
my grandson is really enjoying this non-electronic game and learning fine motor skills at the same time . great for both .
my grandson absolutely loves this ball ! he is always trying to touch the square in the middle and he loves to chew on the colorful twists !
a great and affordable version of venus purchased directly from amazon for less than $ 15.00 ! i wish they were all this easy to get and reasonably priced .
this was a hit with my grandchildren . they are 5 . you do need to purchase other cars with it . it only comes with 1 .
we love spongebob and this game is fun and not too hard ! great product and no issues at all with it
daughter loves scooby doo . i thought it was expensive , but it had the entire gang as well has the monsters . she plays with it daily .
the ninjas i received are not the ones pictured here . they were pastel colored , smaller and not as cool as what is shown . don't be fooled .
you don't buy the puzzles without the storage rack . it makes organization so much easier . it is very sturdy and holds up .
if you want to get your young ones away from the video games , this will keep them busy and get their mind working at the same time .
the leapster case is great for protecting the toys along with teaching you children and grandchildren about how to protect your games and keep all the part together .
the game is fun for the grandchildren ( ages 4 and 7 ) . they easily use it and enjoy games , making videos and taking pictures !
love monster high . i always try to make sure my daughter has the latest and newest items before anyone else .
excellent ! kids love to draw on this paper . fits the easel the i purchased of another brand perfectly . recommend it !
i love this puzzle , i was not expecting three matching games in one . my 3 year old loves this game and plays all the time .
precioso castillo , como todos los set de construcción de lego , a mi hijo seguramente le encantará pues se lo hemos pedido como regalo de navidad .
this dress was very nice but i still think the price was a bit to high for the amount of item purchased . delivery was fast .
imaginext products are well made and for the most part run on imagination ... not batteries . construction is good and detail is awesome !
this came as a special bonus with a recent purchase . its a good way for your child to get a head start . its a must .
we love this game . supplier sent it promptly . good experience . game is easy to understand and play . children love it .
purchased as a gift for my granddaughter . she loves using it to make her bracelets for her friends in japan .
gave this to my 2 year old daughter for christmas and she absolutely loves it . easy for little hands to use . very cute toy .
buy this with confidence my grandson sure does enjoy this item . have fun with this i know they will enjoy .
who doesn't love the original slinky ? i bought both of my kids one for christmas . they love them ! they play with them all of the time !
great toy for young kids . my 1 year old loves it . would recommend to others . teaches them to press buttons and roll the ball .
my 8 and 10 year old grand kids love this game and my wife and i enjoy playing it with them .
this was one of her favorite toys for christmas . the lights were amazing in the dolls dress . she could not put it down . loved it .
my son loves this color for making some bracelets . other kids think its neat because it looks just like white until it gets dark then it surprises everyone !
my boys love the colour & the bright , cheerful voice . not something they play with every day , but it's still a cute little toy .
clothing was good , packaging in great shape . fit the doll well . this was purchased as a gift and i would purchase again .
this was bought for a 5 year old boy . he really loved it . it's a great set with players and a field .
work great . sometimes i can hear a whistle when the fly by me .. ha hakids love them . even when neighbors come over they enjoy them too .
granddaughter of 14 yrs requested this larger pillow pet and loves it to pieces . nice bright colors and soft . price similar web wide .
my son was totally tricked . he loves it . the volume is a little loud but he loves the remote . worth it .
there are so many variations of making the perfect sandwich . very sturdy product . the food is very realistic . totally satisfied .
ashley loves this game they play it all the time so glad i bought it from this site thank you
i bought this for my monster high dollhouse . buy it for your little girl too , she'll thank you for it !
my nephews like to play soccer . this soccer ball was the right size and the colors are great . they really enjoy it .
he loves it . it is very durable and totally easy to use ... even for a 2 year old . highly recommend it .
beautiful puzzles . we've been buying ravensburger brand puzzles for years , at every age . they will be around a long time after your kids !
bought these for my five year old grand daughter and she loves them . well worth the money and would definitely buy again
bought the game played it once . i know lots of folks like the game but our family did not , it was boring .
excellent learning tool for toddlers and preschoolers . i like these puzzles because they are realistic and durable . so glad i found melissa & doug items online .
this train is fun and fast when it moves . scares my son a little but he loves it . takes it with him everywhere .
adorable ! my daughter was thrilled with these-they look just like the real thing . easy to use on the doll-the zippers are so cute !
great value ! i got this as a birthday gift for me 12 month old nephew and he just loves it !
my daughter loved playing with this , but the glue is not very strong . if you swap it out for something better the head bands will last longer .
i bought this for my nephew who is having a lot of fun with it and so is his dad . glad i decided to buy it .
nice details . good color . son likes it . fits well on track . it is a small wooden train , not too complicated , works as expected .
these magnetic sets came quickly and were as advertised ! we are looking forward to using them to teach our children !
purchase for my grand daughter who loves to paint . she enjoyed it and did not have the mess of using paint .
i returned item as it was broken on arrival . no replacement was available . plastic board is cheap so breakage was not surprising .
my daughter has about 14 of these catridges . i appreciate how they all teach different things at a reasonable price .
this was another item that my granddaughter wanted and has enjoyed playing with it as she has done with the others .
purchased this for my 9 year old son and he loves it . it is a little rough so i subtracted a star .
wonderful toy for the younger transformer fan in the family . easily transforms and the 3 year old was so proud of himself for doing it all by himself .
my kids love this toy ! it was a christmas present for my 2 yr old from his grandma . he just loves it .
my grandson will enjoy this , it's perfect for a toddler , they can't get hurt and it doesn't take up much room
great price , cheaper then walmart . perfect jake boat . our 4 year old got this for his birthday and absolutely loves it !
i like the scraper to get play-dough remnants off of my glass table . all items are solid and a good size .
i purchased this for my 11 year old nephew . he enjoyed playing with this on christmas and kept saying how ' cool ' it was ! great purchase !
bought this for my nice at a great price when i couldn find it anywhere else she plays with it all the time
another fidget toy to keep my hands busy when i'm waiting for an appointment or , just sitting around when i'm nervous .
hope it was good quality , but it was a gift for my daughter in law to use with her class . haven't heard anything negative .
it's colorful and easy to put together , even for a 18 months old.she loves to change the cars into different shapes with endless options .
the barbie doesn't change color when you put her under cold water , but my daughter still likes playing with it in the tub ,
we tied a string to the front and the kid loves to drag the bus around and take her little people to " school "
nice little block puzzle for toddlers . easy blocks to pick up and the sound effects are nice . a good thinking puzzle for the little ones
my 2 almost 3 year old loves this garbage truck ! we play with it every single day . i highly recommend it !
this lego star wars i purchased for a gift to my grandson and he loves them . i will recommend to my friends .
great product ! durable and easy to use . my daycare kids love it and needed very little instructions to use it .
got this for my grandsons easter basket and to have something to do in the car instead of electronic devices all the time
for the price , this dress up set was a deal . my daughter mixes it up with her other costumes . it's a great deal and fun !
my kids love playing with this . it's a great little toy , sturdy , and cute . the spots change color on the urchin .
this is the third magformer that i've purchased the kids love them , keeps them entertained for hours , adults too , good purchase .
i bought this for a 2 1/2 year old . i bought one book only , until i see whether or not he likes it . colorful cover ,
colorful ... realistic ... lots of fun playtime .. our granddaughter loves this assortment ! great buy ! would give as a gift to all my friends !
if your in to rc stuff , you'll be buying a ton of these . they disappear quickly . buy them in bulk !
i have three 2 yr old grandkids and love challenging their mind and dexterity . it's a great way to help them grow .
softer than cashmere . sooo sooo soft . please buy this , you'll reach out to touch it every time you see it .
this broke within a couple weeks of getting it . my son loved it but was heartbroken it was so crappy .
bought for our granddaughter for christmas . she has not lost interest , lost any clothing and loves the little animal it came with .
great great figure and received it in literally one day when it said two . awesome ! would buy again if there were other figures offered .
perfect for american girl doll ! plan to give to my daughter for her birthday . very cute and stylish for the american girl doll .
the purchase on amazon was less expensive in comparison to the stores . the children enjoy playing with these . i enjoy them learning .
love the sounds but the the jaws wont stay open to play i wont buy this again the older one works so much better
loved that the boys played for a long time without getting hurt or destroying the house . they even enjoyed shoot at glass surfaces because of the suction tips .
cute , cute , cute ! my daughter loves playing webkinz ... this was a great addition to her collection .
such a cute outfit , she has put it on a few different dolls and is very happy with it . thank you
the gears on our machine disengage with one full rotation and has to be manually rotated . this happened the very first time we used it , very disappointing .
got these when my 2 - year-old began his obsession with dinosaurs and at 5 + he still uses them so much ! great purchase !
excellent product . just right for my 4 year-old granddaughter . she carries it wherever she goes and the color is so vibrant and fun .
just the right size for a little one , includes fridge and stove and pots and foods . quality seems sturdy , always important with little ones .
i cannot say we have really used this too much yet , but it is a high quality glove , and the perfect size for a toddler
great as a gift for children 3-4 years old who are learning to write letters . it helps children getting ready for preschool or are in early leaning classes .
another christmas present for my granddaughter and she immedicately began playing interact with it and enjoyed it a lot christmas day
my grandkids love this set and anything they are happy with i am happy with . it is made well and is attractive .
this is another fun addition to your thomas collection . it is a bit different with the animal in it so it adds variety .
this toy seems to be well made , and my great grandson is enjoying it a lot . nice size and weight .
bought this for my grand daughter & she loves them - very sturdy for a rambunctious 3 year old ! yes i would definitely recommend them .
this one is my favorite of the spongebob characters , he's a cutie and i love the nice size , not too big or too little
pita to assemble , but the instructions are pretty easy to follow . my daughter loves it and it has held up to her torment .
i bought this item and i cant be more pleased . i like how it looks and how fun it really is ! !
this set is so cute . it was very easy to assemble and the lights are enchanting for a little girls room .
we've had this toy for almost a year now and even with much use it is still going strong ! worth it !
ordered this as a gift for a friend . it looks like it will be hours of fun . everything you need is included .
my 2 year old was a cowgirl for halloween and wanted a horse . this one is a great classic horse , like i had when i was a kid
arrived as described . the canopy was squished a little but no cracks and all the parts i've used so far fit just fine .
i bought this for my niece for easter . she loves it . very soft stufffed animal . highly recomment these for your kids .
bb is a supercool rescue bot ! he transforms really easy and looks really awesome ! he is my son's favorite bot of all 6 !
i really like the crome , and the simple design remembers me the old days . the sword and shield are awesome !
these were a stocking stuffer , and both my 18 month old and 3 year old love to play with these .
cute design but made poorly in china ... not worth the money i don't think .. grand daughter likes it but it will not last
that's enough said , right ? my 8 year old plays with his star wars figurines daily . this was a great addition .
i gave this to my brother's daughter and she carried it around with her everywhere she went for days ! very fun !
our kids really enjoy this . very durable . teachers them quite a bit . they have had it over a year and still play with it .
we love this game and the expansions its a favorite at game night its either the opening game than dominates the night or the excellent closer
my boy loves playing with these . he spends long time with these every day . one compaint is that it is kinda fragile ...
this is a very nice doll my grand daugters just love it i made a mistake should have bought two because they now fight over this doll
my son loved it when he was little , and now my other son is playing with he and he seems to love it too !
i felt this item looked much cuter on the computer than it does in person . but all that matter is that my nephew loved it !
it is a fine toy for the kids . it's just a little hard to put away . it's an awkward shape .
bought as a gift.very cute . grandson thought this was hilarious . just starts laughing the moment cookie monster starts eating the cookie . very glad i bought it .
my kids love this thing . they sit & stare at if for 30 minutes sometimes , flipping it over & over again . a classic toy for sure .
lots of fun choices to build . this is a fun gift for my son as he loves to build . can't go wrong with k'nex !
i would have preferred a diff look . something about the hair . the way it is the doll came as expected and in good shape .
my granddaughter was so excited when she saw these shoes and could not wait to put them on her doll . they are so adorable .
just what my husband wanted . great price ! better than the in store price . and it didn't take long to get here .
it was great when i lived at my mother's house but was unable to hook it up to my tv when i moved out .
i got this for my son for christmas and it broke within a week . now he uses it as a paperweight on his desk .
added this to my grannddaughter's collection . she loves the monster high dolls . she has 15 already and more on back order .
my daughter's love for gabba made this set a must purchase . even ordered a second set to keep w tags for collectible . lots of fun playtime .
bigger that the balls you get at walmart . just like the ones in a professional ballpit . my kids love them and they are holding up .
great addition to my sons easter basket . he still loves this whistle and so does his little brother . the quality is really good !
looks just like my yorkie . my grandson loves it and brings it to bed with him . he doesn't have to feed it or worry about accidents !
my 3 year old wanted a real guitarwe returned it as he did not like thishe said it was for babies
grandtwins loved these balls to play with their hog wild dog popper . played for hours with them . would buy again .
very cute present . my six year old had some trouble getting it started and understanding what to do but it came correctly and quickly .
this is tiny and super cute . i love all the little accessories to go with the chair and umbrella in the sand .
these shoes go very well with the dress i purchased . my granddaughter loves the american girl dolls . these shoes for her doll perfectly .
my 2.5 yr old son loves this table . my 6 month old daughter also loves it ! it's a must have
my grandson loves it he has so many of them and plays with them for hours . keep him busy alday
super quality for the price ! a total hit at our party ! a simple but awesome way to decorate for a child's birthday party .
i love amazon , got a great price on these legos ! after grandson opened for the holidays was immediately at table assembling . easy to read instructions !
keeps you on your toes . constantly changing so you don't get bored . very clever and funny similarities with star-geek stuff
i purchased this set with the easel . great quality items ! with lots of good stuff included in package .
i bought 4m illusion science for my grandson . he loves learning about illusions and trying all the different tricks . he has a lot of fun .
my son has not stopped playing with this , since he got it for christmas . he uses all of his imaginext figures , and they fit perfectly
a gift for my three year old great grand son . looks like a toy a stomper would enjoy . time will tell .
great frozen themed balloon . it is one balloon with elsa on one side and anna on the other . it stayed full for weeks !
excellent for the jake's neverland tiki---additional imagination ! endless play alone or with friends . was on my granddaughter's list and a smiley face showed elation .
i have found that this is too hard to play with even the most creative people , also it takes too long to build stuff for others to guess .
great classic gift . this is a small starter set . i was dissappointed to find so much plastic in a tinkertoys set .
i purchase these for my daughter to learn counting , adding . they will work just fine wish they where a little bigger though .
my son just loves having all the birds and pigs . he can then make up his own angry bird game . this pig is really cute .
another great product from melissa and doug ... i just wish all of the food products were in uniformly shaped boxes for orginized stacking .
these are really cute . they're nice and soft and colorful . some of them have little bells in them .. my son loves the duck one .
great tool to keep the books and pen in the same place . now to get my son to put them in there ...
i purchased this for my 6 year old niece along with the markers . she loved it so i would say it was a good purchase
i bought this for my almost 4 year old , and she loves it , but so does my 9 , 8 , and 6 year olds too !
this are really well done and durable . my grandkids have several chagginton's train and they were so happy to add brewster .
i love the vivid colors , and thickness of this paint.my daughter loves painting with it.no complaints . i definitely would buy these again .
perfect toys for my three year old . easy enough to play with on his own while sturdy enough for his rough play .
lego star wars anakin's & sebulba's podracers 7962this series i intend to collect ! ! great set , have you will know ! ! discount when buying a good !
matching games are great for toddlers . and the sofia theme is great for kids that love the character ! the cards are durable and great colors .
my son loves spiderman and really loves this toy ! it is very easy to use and fairly compact . excellent toy .
grandson had so many transformers and dragons this didn't get much attention after a few days.think the girls have it now , lol
lots of fun ! love the things it says . makes for a special toy and is sturdy ! my grandchildren have loved this .
it's a strong , big and heavy toy . mi boy liked too much . it's very realistic . it's like the avengers movie .
my 3 - year old absolutely loves this puzzle . it is huge and provides hours of fun that we can share together as a family .
i will give this to my grandson for his 3rd birthday . he's into monsters and will love them . each is unique and well made .
this is a nice little fidget toy . the plastic is a bit soft so it won't be able to withstand chewing or rough play .
it does give a bit of a shock more of a sting or jolt but seems to do the job . seems a bit fragile at times .
this was a gift and she loved it as for what it does and how it works i honestly can't say .
this set is very cute and goes well with our kid craft kitchen . they are very sturdy and just the right size for little hands .
i purchased these for my grandson . he's crazy for legos . this game is also fun for the family . simple and fun .
the price was right besides , i really like to get this set for my niece so everything was good because she loved it .
i love that this is made of tin , just like the one i had when i was a kid . i absolutely love it ! ! !
this is a nice mini set to have , looks great fun to build . the only problem is you need to get them all
m nephew who's 3yrs old now was 2 when i bought it for him . good learning puzzle . he had fun putting the pieces where they fit .
it is the perfect size for my 5 yr old son to use and learn from . i would buy it all over again .
frustrating at first but once we were able to adjust the straps much easier .
was surprised i found her at a great price . just snuck in before the scalpers figured it out i guess .
we love all hexbug products . this is a must have to use with your hexbugs . it is fun to watch them travel around it !
this case is the perfect match for my grandaughters new pink innotab 2s . christmas will be great for her this year
my grand son went bonkers with this lrgo toy very good value keeps them away from the wee ii and xbox if only for a while .
it curls and i haven't yet gotten a great picture out of it . i might be doing it wrong but just not impressed .
this is a great little set for lego beginners . it isn't complicated but is still looks great once put together .
you can write with them , color with them , draw stuff , you know ... they're markers and very colorful . crayola has done it again
cool toy very fun would recommend they fly across the floor backwards forwards crash in to each other the guy ejectscreally entertaining
we like this show so much we bought 2 of these dolls . one for my daughter and one for a birthday present . they are very cute ! !
have gotten many years of fun from this leapster . purchased for my granddaughter to use on flights from north carolina to california .
my child loved this . it never gets old . it is a favorite at playdates . this color works for boys or girls
great party bag and piñata stuffers , many hours of enjoyment . boys at the party loved them and they even traded with each other .
uses it all the time at home . set it up on our door in the living room and no issues with broken housewares .
similar to apples to apples as far as easy to explain and play , but themed for adults so more fun and hilarity can ensue .
my boys love it , they practice a lot the sound and how it writes correct the word , great for spelling , and recognize the pronunciation
i got this for my 6 year old grandson . he loves it and keeps him busy . you can't go wrong on melissa and doug items .
so cute and perfect for a 1 year old ! love learning toys and this one does it all colors and numbers !
if you have ever wanted to be master creator of your own universe , this toy will help you practice your weather tormenting abilities ...
he plays many different songs and does a lot of different dances , extremely durable as he has been thrown around and still continues to work perfectly
i had these when i was a kid so when my son was interested it was easy what to get i purchased all of them for him .
this is a great solid product that is open for endless hours of creative play . i highly recommend this item .
nice , bright and bold colors ! yes , i would recommend buying this plush toy . dave the minion plush is a true winner !
i like the ray metal wheel and the hard to find coat sharp is nice to use until it wears down .
my son loves his new dragon and it adds a good touch to his collection . these safari dragons withstand a lot of kid wear and tear lol
cool set for the prize but the plastic feels a little cheap , onslaught is the most horrible looking transformer of all time that's why 4 stars
very nice toy and of good quality.my son loves it . his toy.friend . i bought the rest of mario bros characters too !
this is a great tub for the price . we cannot have enough blocks . this comes with all the best basic pieces . definitely recommend .
i was looking for an item that would give my grandchildren some items to use with their play-doh , this was lots of fun for them .
another cheap knock off made over seas by exploited workers sold at an inflated price to fools in the us but the kids think it pretty neat
what can i say ? you cannot go wrong with leapster . great gift and great product for any child . good learner
i think this is great for kids 3yrs and up who really enjoy taking pictures . they have dropped it plenty of times and it still works !
my daughter and her friends loved this ! i am glad i bought this for her birthday and the girls had so much fun picking out the outfits .
she got the loving family dollhouse for her birthday in early december and loves it , and all the " rooms " of furniture and people that go along .
how could something this cute not be a hit ? just absolutely adorable and loved by all . even the grown ups fell in love .
my grandson love the accordion . he plays it all the time . my son thanked me for the " noise maker " . he love it as well .
got this for my grandson , he loves mr . potato head and star wars , so how could i go wrong buying this . he simply loved it .
while this is very fun to fly , it is not durable at all . very cheaply built .
seeing that my grand-baby has taken on a love for spider man i think he's going to love this toy !
so glad to have the game from my childhood . we didn't want one of the newer versions with different characters and rooms . great to play with kids .
the drill mimics all of the functions of a real drill . my son loves it and it comes with a hammer and " nails " .
my daughter and i have so much fun with this puppet theater and the melissa and doug puppets are also fantastic .
was a gift for my niece for christmas and she had a lot of fun with it . so many options .
used these animals for my jungle cake i made for my son . the sizes were perfect for the cake and the animals were well done .
kids love it . holding up surprisingly well though the loops to hold tunnel on are breaking as expected . the velcro straps as opposed to ties helps
yes - that's absolutely best logic game to play on the table . very good gameplay , interesting challenges . thinkfun makes always games if the highest quality .
i gave these away as xmas presents to kids in the family and they all seemed to really like it
this expansion adds a lot to the game of catan . it adds a whole bunch more pieces and some pretty cool scenarios as well .
the masks were well constructed an absolutely adorable ! they worked awesome as part of the kids pirate party favors at the birthday party .
christmas gift for my 6 yrs son and he absolutely loves it ! he plays with it all the time ... looks like me when i was little
what adorable cars ! the faces are just darling . they provide hours of fun . love love these ! ! ! very durable as well .
i gave this to my grand children for christmas . it was on their wish list , so i assume they are enjoying it .
my daughter loved the set and has added it to her other sets . can't wait to get the other kinds available .
my 5 - year old grandson loved this toy for christmas ! make sure you get two so the kids can really have a wrestling match ! thanks !
great transition pieces . son uses them for his train set . no complaints . made well . solid . necessary for making loopy tracks with interesting side conduits .
amazingly awesome super sweet must have monster for your collection ! get one before they become extinct ! purrr = iffic ! sweet ! sassy ! meow !
it is a very fast vehicle , the dog just chases it and barks and it is a lot of fun . i would recommend .
this is good for review . it seems to get a little boring after awhile though . we try to space out our usage to avoid this .
excellent quality , a lot of fun for the whole family . challenging and fun , it got everyone involved , ages 5 to 70 !
when you bring the beads , you bring the party ! enough said there i think ! highly recommend you bring a camera too !
still getting lots of use a year after purchase . handy to work on spelling , drawings , tic tac toe ! great purchase !
mema was a hit ! bought this for my grandson as a gift ! would buy ten more if i could see that face again ! :)
we love this game , its a little bit difficult to place the pieces buy you can laught and have a great time with your kids
love the helicopter and i am sure that the battery will be no different when we have to switch it out .
i own a daycare . this is our most popular toy . they are durable and are amazing ! ! the kids fight over them all the time .
my niece had other plastic ice cream cones , but this lets her scoop her favorite flavor for all . the magnets work great
this is a great product and my daughter absolutely loves " pom pom " good quality and a lot of fun . the hair holds up nice .
i love the hands on and learning involved . i love having to figure out how to make the animal appear
i have all the figurines now from this set . very nice and not big which takes up room so this is perfect !
lots of little parts to make the scene , fun scene from the movie , easy to play with and parts !
my daughter loves dora so i had to get this book for her new tag system . she loves the book .
my son loved this , the fun lasted longer than i expected and would recommend this for any kid . lots of fun !
these are very well made and kids love them . i make my own woden toys but continue to buy this set because of its quality !
my son loves knocking the balls into to holes . i purchased one of these as a gift for a friend so that her son can bang away .
gave it to a 4 year old and she thought it was okay . do not know why but maybe too many other gifts .
my daughter loved making these . it comes with pieces to make jewelry out of the shrinky dinks . i enjoyed creating a piece too .
it's just as pictured . it's stuffed a bit hard but the fur is extra soft . my daughter carries it everywhere and takes it to bed .
love this webkinz - trunk and tusks adorable . super cute , soft , cuddly . my kids love these and the website . collecting several over the years .
my great grand daughter loves this vac , it makes sounds like a real one . a well made toy for a child .
this was more durable that i expected since it is labeled as party supplies . the tiara stays on her head well . very cute product .
granddaughters were head over heels for their pillow pet dream lites ! we took them all into the dark bathroom and watched the colors change .
is very good quality , the car is great and big and includes three super cutes little peoples , my nephew love it
small and affordable , this is the perfect addition to your lotr lego set . easy to put together and that eye is amazing !
my one year old isn't overly interested in this learning table and uses it more as a walker than anything else .
i got this for my 3 yr old its an adorable book , shes busy coloring sooo long and leaves no mess.love it !
good quality . this piece helps to build more elaborate track systems . my grandson loves his trains . we have many hours of fun building different configurations .
bought this dollhouse for 2 year old granddaughter and she just loves it . it keeps her playing independently for some time . it's really cute ! !
my girls sat down and played with this toy immediately . then , we learned shapes , and they want to tell the time . they love it .
my son really love this vtech sit to stand alphabet train a lot and so is his dad and i because it teaches him while he is playing
my son didn't show much interest in it . i am glad because the sounds and songs are obnoxious . i would never buy this again .
great qualty . cute toy ! the horse is too adorable . the hat is hard plastic as well . it looks almost exactly like the movie
love this seller ! their products are made well and last ! supper cute and one happy customer ! look forward to buying more in the future .
my 2 year old loves the colors and the animals that go along with each letter . i love the durability of this puzzle . very well made .
this is a perfectly good chalkboard eraser , which we bought it for the melissa & doug easel . nothing else to say .
my sister was delighted to get this card game and is looking forward to playing it with her fellow golf loving friends .
add some fun to your party or any occasion . get some extra gallons bc you will lose some of the in the trees .
my nephew is starting to like science type things and i came across this gift . he seemed amazed by it
what a fun and clever game . this is one gets played over and over at our house with our four year old .
my son loves the rescue bots . he is 4 now and very into action figures . this one is so easy to transform and very durable .
very sweet ! good quality . as described . would recommend ! i actually purchased many plush toys from this vendor . just like the character !
these are great books and my son sometimes need something to help him color and these dot books give him ideas .
very nice . it is perfect gift for girls two years old girls . my daughter like to play with this pretty toy .
the plush pink dog house is beautifully made and appeals to children between the ages of 3 - 7 . will definitely buy again .
these are your standard duplo building plates / bases ... smooth transaction , made a good addition to my baby's set of blocks so we can build more !
very heavy plastic lizards are lots of fun to play with . they were a hit with the girls ages 2 through 5 .
it was an ok toy , my child didn't really care for it . well made however and a multiuse toy . a bit expensive though .
never thought wed buy an american doll for my daughter but she loves her " stephanie " these shoes are cute . a little pricey though
got it for a great deal . dont know how well it works though . bought as a gift for someone else .
i've purchased puzzle books before and always would lose pieces . this is a great idea and my grandchildren love it .
purchased for 7 yr . old granddaughter who loves this sort of thing .. i do wish it had of come with colored pencils .
inns and cathedrals is a great addition to the carcassone product line . i love this expansion and use it every time i play .
purchased at request of ours granddaughter . cute - she loves cats and likes this toy.very basic cathouse - kittens are cute .
my little girl loves playing with this and checking all her dolls in her room for heartbeats . of course they don't have any .
this train goes a long way on one aa battery . the little driver sits inside . very fun to add passenger trains to our existing freight routes .
the sponges are larger than i expected . thats good because my daughter is only three . she can grab on to these nicely .
cute , cute , cute ! ! my son loves horses and is going to be so excited to get this stuffie as a gift !
my granddaughter loved this . she was pretty proud of her creations . i would recommend for younger girls that some crafting is too challenging for .
you can't go wrong with glowstick bracelets ! a variety of colors and they last a long time ! fun for everyone in the family !
this is a great way for children to learn sight words and i am very glad we added this to our leapreader collection .
these break often but the kids love them , if only they would keep working . the button stops working and then that's it .
got for daughter's 4th birthday . she loves puzzles and finding a floor puzzle with more pcs . is perfect . and learning the solar system is a plus .
metal frame and cotton loops are preferred over plastic especially for classroom usei remember doing this activity as a child
these are very adorable and a great vacuum for boys . they do pick up items but they need to be very small and very light weight .
my 2 year old loves these ! the string is nice and long so she can put a whole bunch of beads on at one time .
kids of all ages loved this , including adults . easy to assemble . great fun and great workout too . highly recommend this product .
got these for my very imaginative 5 year old for christmas . he loves them ! he has used them for various things !
love the set and love that it includes everything . my only issue is that some of the projects are redundant . but other wise my kids love it .
it was everything i thot it would be ! it is a great learning toy and a fun ride for my little 1 year old ! !
thought i was ordering a webkinz penguin . i was very disappointed in myself for not reading better . granddaughter also disappointed at christmas
play webkinz with and for my grandchildren . they love each soft , snuggly pet and also love seeing it online . we have great times with webkinz .
my son loves playing with his thomas the tank engine toy . the toy arrived in excellent condition and on time . i love the magnet feature .
castle is worth the cost , encourages imaginative play , detailed and very durable . the folding aspect adds alot of possibilities and flexibility in playtime .
this is a huge huge hit and a great teaching tool for colors names of vegetable fine motor skills for my 20 month old
the doll has a sweet face with pretty blue eyes . the body is bean filled and a really nice size . my daughter loves this baby !
excellent learning toy . i was so impressed when i received it . this product is very well made , i would recommend it .
one of the favorites when friends come over . i can always know they are playing this game from the giggling .
my son is three on his second birthday i bought this for him . he loves it . it's like a ds for toddlers but more durable .
the perfect christmas gift for my little boy cousins . my sons adored the teenage mutant ninja turtles many year ago ! as described and timely arrival !
its a great little set , and a great addition to my lego collection . i would reccomend it to anyone who loves legos .
i remember these from when i was a kid and got them for my son and he loves them as much as i did .
pieces are very durable , made to last multiple years of use . i can now better understand ravensburger's reputation as a superlative puzzle maker . recommended !
this game works out fine and my son has fun playing it . it's definitely not like the old kerplunk game , that one seemed to be sturdier .
this set is really cool . especially how bruce wayne turns into batman . glad i got it on sale for 52.00
this is a pretty nice block set . nothing to to special about it besides the numbers but my son still loves it .
this is a very unique item to go along with the railway set and is especially nice to go with the lighthouse set .
my son just shrieks with excitement at this puzzle . this says it all . brilliant product ! ! very good for children's development !
another toy that makes kids think they are just playing , while they are learning . love it ! the whole family enjoyed playing it .
my 2 year old son loves them ! and the price is right - - easy to replace when we lose the caps ...
super cute and fun for my 4 yr old to play with . pictures in the camera are vibrant and fun to click through .
my 3 year old granddaughter loves these figures ! she loves the movie frozen and this set even has olaf and sven .
must be my 7 year old grandsons favourite toygreat quality , hours of funi would recommend this to anyone
my son loves to color and this book is large enough to keep him coloring on the book and not the table .
the kids love the puzzles and keep doing them over and over . and they are learning about their environment as well .
we love it . good value for wooden blocks . nice sized blocks . my 14 month old has no problem holding them and stacking them .
we are big twilight series fans here , and these barbie collector dolls are an excellent part of it . especially needed if you love the twilight series !
cute doll - looked a lot like the character from the movie . my daughter really likes it and loves the movie !
these dinosaur finger puppets are pretty hideous-looking and they're really stiff . i bought them as favors for my child's birthday party and they were a disappointment .
very good quality i very glad that bought this toy for my son . he likes this toy . very important give this to once per week .
this toy was one of the first the kids played at christmas . i like that . everyone wanted a go and easy to learn .
these magnets are great for kids to learn their alphabet and words . they work well with the expo magnetic dry erase easel board for kids
great addition the thomas wooden railway collection . it was a much needed addition , as tracks do not always match up when building a route .
they fly and make a great whistling sound as they wiz past you . my kids love them . ok , my husband and i do too .
love the thomas trains ! we have a few and they are very well made . percy is cute and should last years .
very durable , still works after being bought 9 months ago and being thrown and dropped multiple times , many great functions
our kids have played with this maybe two times . it is not a fun game and is way overpriced . not recommended .
i checked various places and found the best pricing for the pet shop products from you and my granddaughter was excited to receive them
my granddaughter loved it , so i love it . food package items are a bit pricey , though . wish those were cheaper .
this is a very nice quality broom set and i am happy with my purchase for my 2 year old toddler
bought this game for my grandson . it broke the first time we played it waste of money.had to throw the game out.would not buy this game again .
we bought 2 of these sets , one for each of our young grand sons both 5 year olds . liked it
this is the " good " chalk , does not leave a funny film or scratch the black board , is a little more soft per say .
nobody has wanted to deal with it because the directions are ridiculous . even for adults . it kind of takes the fun out of it because it's exhausting .
my toddler likes it but the only problem after using it for a while it gets hard to erase , should be cheaper
fun to fly indoors flys great most of the time but once in a while just drops like a rock for no reason
item as stated in description , i have no issues with this item my kid loves these great value for money as i couldnt find at local store
good material . well made . nothing fancy ... just do it's job . bought it for my kid . i will recommend it definately .
this school bus has provided hours and hours of endless fun for my son ! another amazing product by green toys !
nice quality fun for my toddler . has good sound and fun music for children . recording abilityy excellenty and colors very pretty
just right for my little ones . they enjoy hours of fun . works great with rice or sand very happy with table
this bow is by far better than a nerf bow . the arrows are weighted in the front and they go very far .
this was a gift for my sister . she loves it . she takes hilarious photos of it . it's an addictive toy .
my granddaughter just loves them they went great with her dress up dresses and tennis shoes great buy for the doll
the grandkids learned a lot about the countries of the world - - at an early age . very good teaching puzzle , and very sturdy .
this will be a gift for my niece for christmas . she is four years old ( but only admits to being 3 plus 1 )
this item was received in wonderful condition . easy to open , and protected . very happy with this purchase . made a wonderful gift .
this is a perfect gift for the barbie and horse lover . it is cute and great for a little girl to enjoy . good quality .
the price is not super high but this set doesn't really include that much and it is pretty flimsy ... just my opinion ..
nice product , however word to the wise , this tips over very easily . unless your child is a very good swimmer i would think twice .
these puppets are so cute and fun . my clients love these little finger puppets . they are soft and easy for little fingers to slip on and off .
my son always plays with batman so we got this for our daughter so she can play along . she loves cat woman . good quality toy .
the blocks are nice but smaller in size that i expected but doable . my son like to build with this blocks .
not much to say . this item does its job . holds lots and lots of hot wheels , congrats ! ! stores easy as well .
as a mom of two monster high crazy daughters ( 9 and 10 ) , this christmas present kept them busy for several hours .
the cover will do the job ! perfect , no problems ! very good to serve its purpose ! we are please with the product and delivery .
it's exactly what i expected when i bought it . can't wait to see my great nephews face when he opens it !
great fun for kids . the sisters adore it , and their brother makes the cutest princess ever , which his dad just loves .
but there was enough of the bracelets to make up for the bad ones that were already falling apart , will look for better ones next time .
my 12 year old grandson is thrilled with all of his beyblade birthday gifts so thank you ! !
if your kid likes the big boots characters , this is a perfect addition . goes well with the police station . truck is sturdy and well made .
i bought this for my almost 2 year old daughter . she loves it & it's very easy to manuver & handle .
son loves this toy , got it for his bday and he absolutely loves it . its made to hold up to a toddler also .
these are great , i have ordered several like this and we have a good time putting them together . plus , the kids could kind of help .
the whole series is excellent and this is an excellent add-on to the series . i have never had any problems with rio grande game products
easy game to learn and play . especially for younger kids because it does not require any reading . it is very small and easy to store
grand kids love this ! ! can be played over and over ! ! i recommend all the melissa & doug products . great for birthday gift ! !
we love this toy puzzle from melissa and doug . it is such a classic , good quality toy that will last for years and years .
i gave this product a five star because it was exactly what i wanted . it is made well and i would recommend it to all .
my 4 year old son enjoys playing with this money in many different ways ... pretend , educational and just plain fun for him .
my 3 year old son loves this skid steer . the craftmanship is wonderful and top notch . i would recommend this entire brand of construction toy trucks
the kids love the variety and colors . this was a good value for the price . i would get this again .
another great christmas gift , strongly suggest using super glue though . we think it was a very good value for price .
great toy for girl or boy without having to worrying about batteries or back up batteries . something simple , easy & fun to play with .
an excellent plush doll that has retained its shape and remains a great conversation piece for all our geek friends .
shoots very well for a blaster with multiple shots . hardest thing is not to waste all your disks at one time !
she had been asking for this barbie for months and got it for christmas and still loves it . easy to use and fun
christmas present for granddaughter . she loves the game . plays it often . i've played it with her several times & i agree ... it's a fun game .
my niece loves curious george and this game ! it's absolutely perfect . item was just as described and the arrived very quickly . very happy with my purchase !
the kids really enjoyed playing with these . they were a perfect addition in our dino dig goodie bags ! fun fun !
they are rubber duckies what can i say . they worked as intended for baby shower theme . kids took them home after as party favors . great toy .
once you have a ravens burger puzzle you won't want any other kind . well made sturdy pieces fit together well
these small 3 in 1 sets are great - 3 things to build , nice little carrying case . plus they are doable for a younger child .
we are enjoying this game very much . it fits the description that was written about it and is fun and entertaining .
purchased this as a birthday gift for a 9 year old . her mother says she has been enjoying the kit .
a great game for kids . we practice counting and the small fruit are good for fine motor skills . we play it over and over
my grandson loves this thing ! it's safe , yet gives a thrill each time the kid rides it . i was really impressed .
easy for small hands to use and move about though the colors felt " faded " rather than simply " soft and quiet " .
my child loves her vsmile . she doesn't play games a lot . she'll sit down and enjoy this one . appropriate for preschool age . not exspensive .
we gave this as a christmas gift - it was very well received :) i would certainly buy it again
these things work for merely seconds at full blast if that . faulty wiring is surely to blame . do not waste your time or money .
bought this for my 5 yr . old granddaughter for christmas . she loves it and plays with it all the time . wish it had more pages .
my daughter is a big ruby and max fan and she loved these dolls . i purchased them as a stocking stuffer
i got a great deal on this on amazon.com every child needs a pillow pet . my toddler likes to jump on it . cute cute .
my son wanted to stick everything to the green base , but everything would not fit . he did obsess about the horses for a couple days .
i purchased these for part of a treat bag at a birthday feautrng dinosaurs . , " they were a lot of fun and all the boys loved them .
i bought these for my niece for her birthday , along with a loom . they are good quality and there are many colors included .
was ready to have more of a challenge . fun game to play with kids . good to be non mecganical game
my grandchild loves this game and it teaches her about nature . the instructions are easy to follow and she has learned a few new things .
super cute bunny . it's soft and easy for my 14 month old daughter to carry . it was the perfect stuffed animal to give as an easter present .
this really is a great value for the money and it gives you lots of darts to have fun with .
cute little starter car . my two year old really enjoyed playing with it . buttons are easy for her to use .
this is cute but i never liked the bag the bugs come in . it is not made that well . it winds up being tossed aside .
our grandson loves this truck and so does his younger brother ( should have bought two ) ! great fun for the little ones .
these things are a lot of fun for kids of all ages . even young kids can easily operate the rc helicopter .
absolutely fell in love with it and can't keep him off of it , the games are great , even my older kids enjoy them
cart was easy to assemble and kids have had a blast with it . very good little cart for the house and easy to store due to small size .
okay . it was but arrived crushed and could not get it back into a good shape . other than that , it was cute .
this was easy and quick so your money goes fast but i will pass it on to my niece . the quality is exceptional as always !
these are darling . they are very delicate . you cant rough handle them but , they are nice and my daughter and i enjoy them .
my son love's this set . it is very detailed . he took a couple of days to put it together and it looks amazing .
just fill the bottom , screw on the top , plop an umbrella straw in the hole and get that party started ... loved these
cute , no sharp edges . cute colors . made nice toy and decorations for room . would buy and give as gift as well in future .
awesome ! larger than i expected , very well made , very plush , so colorful ! my kids love them and play with them all the time !
my daughter loves this singing mac doll.it is a super cute toy . she loves the teen beach movie . very nice quality .
purchased this as a christmas present for a boy and he loves it . what can i say ? nerf is great !
my son absolutely loves his leap pad and loves scooby doo so this was a wonderful combination . and he's learning lots and enjoying it .
got tink to go along with peter pan movie for my 3 year old grandaughter , she loves faries and has peter pan too !
this brings so much fun to four year old i ordered it for . fantastic fun learning toy . it really is a great product .
our grand son loves playing with this . he says his colors and enjoys banging the pegs out and putting them back in .
this game is fun for every age . on christmas morning , everyone waited to have a turn.highly recommend this game .
grandson had a great time playing with it . he enjoys transforming it and it was easy to manipulate . he is only 2 .
my granddaughter received several monster high dolls but this was her favorite and actually cost less than the other dolls .
sturdy pieces that stay together easily and a wonderful dinosaur picture . this puzzle will last a long time through many uses !
this was a fun gift for my grandson.he enjoyed receiving it , and did not have any difficulty constructing it i was added to his collection .
my students work this puzzle 3 or 4 times a week . they always finish it in about 20 min and move to another center .
just like the s . h . figuarts green ranger , the tyranno ( red ) ranger is outstanding . these are the best power ranger figures to date .
having good times with this brings back the good old days . my 4 yr old gets up to 6 games since we purchased it .
my 3 yr old likes to pretend she is cutting up vegetables . fun to play with and she can learn the different vegetables .
the kids liked it for a while ... but the little pieces get everywhere , make sure each set has it's own baggie attached
love love love this toy so fun for kids and adults may take a little while to get a hang of it
great for trips the kids love it . we also take it along when we go out to eat to occupy the kids .
if you like ty beanies this ty beanie clip is perfect for your little girl or the little girl in us all ! my wife made me write that !
purchased this for my grandson , he loves it but not able to write this review . they keep you working . right . ( the 16 word )
this monster high doll was another addition to my daughter's collection . she absolutely loves these dolls , and this one is so cute !
granddaughter was thrilled receiving this along with a rapunzel doll under the christmas tree . she had been asking for these dolls for months after watching the movie .
i love how durable this case is , its actually a lil larger that what the pic depicts . awesome for very good protection
they add to my meager supply very nicely . lots of tiny pieces but the kids know what to do with them .
you can't play cars without a mater . he made the movie and he is wonderful to play with . well made and great service .
i got this for my youngest for christmas and she loves it she sits in her bed at night before she goes to sleep and plays with it .
fun toy , it was a little harder than i expected ( and smaller ) , but definitely fun to play with as twilight approaches .
the greatest buy for the money and very enjoyable for all and highly recommend it for all , to play and have fun .
this is a cute seat toy when small kids are on the road ... i will probably order more for the other small kids in the family ...
cute little panties - so little and sweet . grand-daughter and her friend are going to have fun playing with their dolls together .
this was ordered for my granddaughter and she loves it . it is very cute and i would reccomend it to my friends .
for a child that like construction work that has an imagination , and a fulfillment of joy . also great to add with other construction toys .
this was a present for my husband's daughter . she loves the toy . it's long lasting , reliable and resistant . safe for little kids .
i don't know who had more fun with this , my 6 yr old grandson or his dad ! they loved it !
the cars set of toys and movies have been the biggest hit with my grandchildren . they love coming over to watch and play .
my 3.5 year olds have every toy in the world and love these . fun to watch em build . they never liked megablocks but love these .
happy with this . has helped my daughter to count . though she's a little too young to tell the time yet , it's a great puzzle regardless .
i bought these as christmas presents for my grandsons . i would recommend this item to anyone and i would buy it again .
this is a good toy i purchase for my kids they love to play this game excellent quality and great learning tool
i bought these for my 3 year old to use . she loves them and they are great for her tiny hands .
my grandson's love this game - ages 6 - 12 . it keeps their attention for a quite a while . i'm very glad i purchased this game .
the title says it all ! much to my surprise the 5 children i have bought webkins forstill want them - even the 10 year olds .
what more can i say . my kid is happy and so are the neighborhood kids . the last longer than the cheap ones .
a version of dominoes for kids , but a little boring from the kids point of view . it is better for just practicing colors and shapes .
i bought this for my four year old grandson and he loves it ! he proudly displays his five favorite cars on his wall !
my son was 6 months when we pruchased blue for him & he absolutley loves it . she is very durable & easy to clean ! !
we gave this to our 7 - year-old granddaughter for her birthday . she enjoyed putting it together and it was very attractive when done .
requested toy for one year old grandson for his first birthday . nice toy , seems well made but seems pricey to this grandma .
bought this for the grandchildren and they and all their friends love it . it is well built and sturdy enough to withstand the high winds we get .
i sent this to my younger grandson for christmas . my son said he loved it . it was one of the first things he played with
your collection of buildings will not be complete without this monkey eye catching replica of the empire state building ! very nice !
bought this water table for our little 15month little girl - she loves it . nice basic water table for a great price .
i've reviewed another model of this toy elsewhere , so in short i will say that after six months , my granddaughter still plays with this almost daily !
disney little people princesses are great . these figures really help a little girl explore her imagination and creativity which is awesome .
perfect for grand daughter twins . they love it much better than stroller . made my own cushions with minnie mouse . everybody stops to admire .
gave this to my nieces as a christmas present . they loved it and were making tons of bracelets right away .
my girls love these color wonder pads . they are always surprised by the hidden patterns / shapes and i love that the markers are mess free .
if you fly long enough , you will break blades on your helicopter . this is a cheap replacement kit that works just fine .
we purchased this game with the intention of playing it on game night . however , it stays out all the time .
this t-rex is awesome ! his jaw opens and closes , he is not real hard plastic . my grandson is going to love this guy !
i love that it is solar powered and that they can learn to use money as well as play " store " .
lego harry potter ? how could you go wrong here ? this was a fun one to put together and cute characters .
my grandson enjoyed this especially when this huge package showed up . it was a timely surprise and he played with it for hours .
this is ahigh quality baby doll , nice material and stuffing : does not look cheap . it is a winner and worth getting for a young toddler .
good quality and cheaper than other places i checked . i'll be buying this again when the current one runs out .
my daughter thinks this is the bomb ! she played just with this set for hours . it really held her attention .
very cool addition to the munchkin game . i gave to my son for christmas to add to his munchkin games .
the card games included in this collection are the classics . the cards themselves are colorful and durable for long wear .
i found this online . it is a great toy for our toddler . he loves fire trucks and enjoys playing with it .
great sculpt but joints are a little lame . still love these figures ! ! a must have if you're a pacific rim fan !
durable and super realistic . much better than all of these others on the market . i highly recommend this cute set .
i bought this for my son but so far , my husband and his friend have been playing with it more . it's pretty sturdy and worth the price !
i think this doll is the best bella barbie doll that mattel made from the whole set . i like her the best
adorable play for a child and my grand daughter of 3 loved them but it is recommended for a older child because of the small items .
very tiny but easy to use , i do not like shark bolts on its sides because can scratch a child but over all good sound
if your child likes the toy story movies then they will like using this game . it is educational and fun all in one !
another christmas gift for my son , who is a big thomas fan . he uses the vehicle on all his tracks .
who does not remember this from the olden days - amazing how quick the 3 year olds picked it up and bounced all over the place
i like the figure , its really detailed . it comes with a six wheeled jeep with only 4 wheels that really work .
great colors , the kids love them . price is right for a lot of bands . i'll order again . also , no odor .
got this for my grand kids 9 and 10 they liked it . gave them something to mess with . wouldn't want to let younger kids play with it .
grandson got a big kick out of these . they made different colors , lasted an appropriate length of time . good candle for teenage boy .
first of all the windchimes are super tiny , and the paint did not clean up all the way . if you decide on these , paint outside !
these are good card games and the vintage design is great ; they are the old classics i remember from childhood .
great idea for kids , simple and easy to use . used for painting t-shirts with young children , great craft idea and fun idea .
this is great . much bigger than it looks . very sturdy . works great in the sand box and the kids all love it .
very small project , and legos are way overpriced , but grandson likes it because it has figure of a person which he uses a lot
this is a good product , i use it to relax in the pool but my grandkids use them as battleships pretty sturdy
got this for my grand daughter at age 10 years and she loved them . there were all different and the foils were very pretty .
never disappointed with a legos set . my son loves this set and i love helping him build them . another great one by lego !
this set is very nice quality construction . bought for a 7 year old girl and she loves it . very nice .
the kids have had a great time with the figurines in this package . they seem to be durable and are holding up well .
they take a while to make , but my kids and their friends just couldn't stop . one wasn't enough for their imaginations .
i bought two of these for my grandchildren . the assembly instructions were very good . it is well made and folds for storage . my grandchildren loved them .
the recipient , a little girl of 5 , loved them . so did her 12 year old sister who resisted the temptation to start decorating them !
my students absolutely adore this game . it challenges them in several ways . competition is allowed . we will definitely search for another one .
what can i say this figuart pink ranger is awesome just like the green , red , red with armored and white . all beautiful detail and articulated .
this is great to take to meals with the kids . parents enjoy also . durable and endless options.recommend for home and going out .
this game gets better with every expansion i swear . i bought the game with all 4 expansions and do not regret it in the least .
great motor skills have placement challenge for little one's beginners ! good job ! fun and laugher when skills are met . great
son absolutely loved it ! got him the green lantern one as well . it's great that you can combine the two to make a whole different look !
can't say much since it was a gift . i'm assuming everything about it is good , they were when i was younger
bought this for my grand daughter and she loves it . stays on her bed . big enough for a head pillow .
my 9 year old son loves these tops . apparently we also need to buy some kind of battle arena to make everything perfect !
good quality paints . crayola can be counted on to make an excellent product for kids . next time i will look for them in larger jars .
backing started to peel back but my daughter likes the big knobs . i don't think i would recommend this for young toddlers .
just the right size for little ones and the easy carry handle on top is a nice touch too ! can highly recommend it !
card quality was great and really worth the price . totally happy with the purchase and would recommend it over the printable version any day .
this is another great learning to go with the tag reader , something different from the books.great learning !
we got this as an add on with the little tikes grill . goes great with it . the children love playing with it .
this little coat is just beautiful and it fits the american girl doll perfectly . it is very well made . darling coat !
i purchased this for my 18mo granddaughter . she will get the hang of it but excellent learning toy . even the older siblings like it .
very tough and well built easel . great for any age child . all the extras that are included make it well worth the price .
perplexus are great toys for kids ! and adults ! everyone wants to play it , even over video games . thanks so much !
great replacement parts for the v911 4ch helicopter . and believe me you will need them . everything fit just like the originals .
5 stars because my daughter loves it , she has so much fun with it . i find it obnoxious , it talks all day long ...
i would have loved to have this as a child it is a lot of fun and is at a great price too
love the unit but have your own real soccer ball ready . a balloon would work better than the plastic inflatable ball they provide .
rave party hair accessories are great for kids and kids parties , especially sleep overs . you don't have to a raver to enjoy them .
the size and quality of this toy is great . unfortunately it wasn't one which really stuck with our truck loving boys .
my daughter was besides herself when the postman dropped off this package from amazon .. she was so happy to be able to make bracelets , and other creations .
great for having extra track to connect take and play sets . folds in well . gave 3 stars only because it is overpriced for what you get .
my daugther loves this toy , couldn't find it at walmart and we found it here an bought it . no issues or complaints
grandson loves this lego set . had it together in no time . loves thehulk . great birthday present . love watching him put it together .
love this toy , we have so much fun and the suitcase opens and has a picture of items we can talk about so overall pretty cool .
we bought this for our son last christmas when he was 6 months old . he still plays with it every day . it can take quite a beating .
very nice christmas gift - good for those growing little brains and fun for the big brains too . excellent game for any age .
i bought this for my 4year old son and he loves it very easy for him to use . shipping was fast .
this is a great gift for a youngin ' . it connects to the computer and is interactive . make sure that you are somewhat technologically inclined .
i would give this zero stars , it is so small and bulky and useless , don't waste your money on this .
i love the cute little mirror pot ! my daughter is 8 months old and teething but i love that they will grow with her ! must have !
this eraser is amazingly small.guess it's better for toddlers , but that means it doesn't work as well.the chalks were all broken when i opened the box ! ! !
my daughter really enjoys this game and it is really cute ! thanks for the fast shipping ... awesome christmas present !
my daughter love her walking doll . she hug and kiss everytime she play with it even her cousin like the doll .
this case is great to keep the mobi go game system with place to keep the game cartridges . the kids really use this case .
this is awesome for those that have stubborn kids who get up during time outs . it is the best ! ! travels well also .
very highly recommended for young toddler especially when they have a habit of drawing on walls and carpets . easily washes off .
i bought this toy for my nephew . he really loved the animal and he learns a lot with it.it is a perfect toy for kid and very educational .
helps the kids to use their brain and teaches them patience and resliance . don't give up i tell them . keeps them busy for hours .
i have not had chance to use this product yet , as the 107 is such a strong little heli . hopefully it will stay that way
i took her purse away and she wasn't too thrilled about it so when i was de-cluttering yesterday , this snobby little poodle went " bye-bye . "
neither of the batteries that i bought would allow the helicopter to fly . save your money on buying batteries . buy another helicopter instead .
like the charger , its compact has the option to run off batteries for field charging , charges four batteries at once pretty quickly .
great construction , good colors , very cute and gets kids excited about learning . i would not hesitate to purchase this again .
another one of my son's favourite games . even after he tires of other games quickly , he always goes back to this one .
educational tools are a must to give the child a fast leg up and the story line always has a good motive and is so understandable on their level .
i've stocked up on these thinkfun games . they're great for cottages and family trips . the best part is you don't need batteries !
i purchased this for my daughter when she was 2 1/2 . 8 months on and it still keeps her busy for ages .
my son's eyes lit up when we gave these to him as part of his hanukah present . he has added them to his thomas trains collection .
i only have one complaint the weight of the chalk has changed . i still have some from 2011 that last way longer than these .
it winds up and is made of metal . there are no decals and logos are painted on . really good quality and the price was amazing .
this toys are cool my son loves them . they are one of a kind and are great fun . give kid needs these
very nice ... if on sale . i think it is a lot to pay if not on sale . my daughter loved all the accessories .
my children love their legos and lego games so we new this would be a hit in our house . even dad has fun being a lego hero .
she's very pretty . dolls are great imagination tools . i think all the monster dolls are unique , a refreshing fun compared to other fashion dolls .
i recommend this toy for any child who likes to build things . she makes all kind of things out of them and is learning as well .
chosen for toddlers to seven year olds . long lasting play and durable . great hit in the party bags and as piñata stuffers .
bought this for my grand daughter for christmas . she loved it even her older sister likes to play with it when little sister lets her . . lol
this was a wish list item . she played with it all day on christmas , can't ask for more than that !
my 3 year old grandson loves to pass the leapfrog tag ove the words to read the book . love it .
my children love these ! my boys are 2 & 5 and they enjoy playing with them and they get along together while doing so !
this toy is amazing . lots of power and very durrable , the whole family plays with this and it keeps us entertained for a long time
such a clever toy and a nice addition to a child's play kitchen . my grandson loved this . i've never been disappointed with a m & d toy .
for some reason the grandkids could nevere get this to fly correctly and thought it was a waste of money .
these were ok for a rock ' n roll kids party . they are flimsy but they were inexpensive ... they worked out fine for our party .
all my grandkids love the legos and have so many sets of them for building different things . they really enjoy them .
like these puzzles they teach because it sounds the letter when placed back in , wish they had pegs for small hands
quality done fantasy fashion doll with collector quality packaging that will inspire the young and young at heart . all with a not to pinch your wallet pricing .
catrine is a gorgeous doll . the bow on her tail is just adorable and she has a very pretty face .
my godson was beyond excited to get race cars for christmas , i used to play with them so it's great to pass down the tradition .
love the blocks . fun to stack and spell simple words . colors are bright . blocks are sturdy . cart is fun to pull around .
this game is great for any child who loves dinosaurs . my son is now 7 and still likes to play this game !
really cute little cupcakes . definitely very tiny though . perfect size for the american girl dolls . goes well with the little teaset :)
bought this for my 6yo grandson . he has a lot of fun with it ! easy to work . glad i purchased .
nice assortment to add to the collection ... grandkids love playing with all of this thomas the train stuff ... have to get a table for all of it .
this is a cute magnet set with a lot of pieces . i am very happy with the variety and it seemed sturdy enough for what it is .
not only an awesome movie but a great game . another fun and educational toy.if you like the movie you would enjoy this game
my daughter play using other character i her castle . and since they are small she carry everywhere she go . was a god buy .
my grandson loves the rescue vehicles . we play make believe all the time . he is always shouting , " to the rescue ! "
my kids love this paint it comes out of the carpet easy and is a must in out home for all our art projects .
i liked the item pricing which my younger grandson requested . i've received it but unfortunately he has not been able to get here to see / get it .
these boots were well made and fit the 18 " dolls just right . my granddaughter loved them , wish i had a pair for me .
the paper is really nice and some of the designs for planes work really well . others not so much . the diagrams were confusing .
i bought the " original " slinky first ... waste of money ! this is the size that goes down stairs ! my grandson loves it !
my grandson enjoys this toy . he has so many an i purchased some twice ... but it feels my heart with joy to watch him play with it .
toddler girl's unicorn stompeez slipper for my granddaughter . she doesn'twant to take them off . fit her perfectly and the eyes are cute when they pop up .
my son loves this water toy . he fills up the bucket and lets the car shoot out the bottom . great product .
first time i ordered christmas gift for my son . it came on time and in good shape . so i and my child were very happy.thank you .
this game was fun for our whole family . from my 8 year old son to my 21 year old daughter , we all loved it !
son loves it ! it is i would say the age rating is correct . i would buy again for sure ! recommend to anyone !
these bowls are great for sorting . my kids really like them . i use them with bears but have used them with other things as well .
great choice for a 2 - 3yr old kid.my boy loves it a lot.also bought him this . even more exciting . it flies ! http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00bg4p3fg/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8=1789=390957=b00bg4p3fg=as2=travguid0ca-20
its so adorable . i almost kept this for myself . my grandaughter has it now , and is thrilled with it . thank you jackie
my daughter wanted this to give to her bf . we shopped around and bought an infant shirt for it . she seemed pretty pleased with the bear .
very cute and rolls pretty far actually ! i am happy with this purchase and would buy as a gift in the future
pretty neat little transformer thing ... my 5 yr old son loves it , and can change it back and forth from dinosaur to car pretty easily ..
of course we had to have glen to go with our maggie . waiting for the rest for our collection of the walking dead !
this was the best , durable group of toys for a sandbox kid and his friends i will buy toys on line again , and free shipping ! !
duprecht loves finger painting . but the problem is , he uses other people's fingers . i bought this and it kinda helped him calm down on wednesdays.great product !
i bought these to hold my disney pins and they are a great holder and the zippered pocket is a nice bonus to the overall quality
we started with the perplexus for our kids and i got this for my husband - it's been fun for kids and grown ups
my kids love these , they mix colors and love to watch them dissolve . highly recommend for bathtime fun for boys and girls .
trust worthy company . they make great toys consistently . i buy tons of lego city toys for my son and will continue to buy .
this toy set is very cute . my granddaughters love these play sets . they set for hours playing with these different sets .
good family fun . nothing like having a family game night with a good new game . hours of laughing and days of talking about all the funny memories .
you can never go wrong with legos ! my 3.5 year old loves them and plays with them all the time .
did i but this for my son or me and my husband ? sometimes i wonder . fun toy for all ages !
we love playing dress up with the ballerina ! my daughter loves switches the clothes and saying how cute she looks
my kids love to have water gun fights with their friends and this was a great addition to our water gun collection .
i bought this for my two year old great niece . she loved it and plays with it all the time .
i haven't opened it up yet as it is a gift so from the box received , but it appears to be the product i ordered .
love this game . its a great game to pull out with friends after the kids have gone to bed . i would recommend this and the expansion
when you take of the hood that covers the battery its almost in possible to get it back on . also i wish it had a shorter charge time
this was a little bit to old for my 6 year old granddaughter ... but she had fun making her self up .. * lol *
i gave this to a two year old and she loves it . i think it's a great gift for those who love bubble guppies .
rescue bot toys r made to transform easy n be played with rough ... easy cheap toy ... a must buy for your boy or transformer lover ...
granddaughter liked her hair , boots and captain penguin . she ' s an old fashion doll so she is more fun to play with her .
the friends series is wonderful . i am able to continue to add to them for birthdays and other occasions . some many to choose from .
it is nice but the quality of how it was made isn't that great . but for the price it was ok .
purchased two sets of pjs for my 2 granddaughters . they loved the " hip " leopard print . fits their american dolls just perfect .
this flying chicken broke after a few flings . it was fun while it lasted but it didn't last long ... the sound is hilarious .
they are good color and they work well for my daughters loom . they make very nice bracelets , and she enjoys them .
very cute item . fun to play with all the characters . highly recommended if you are a lego and spongebob fan .
this is a cute game and the kids all loved the frogs that come with the game . i like anything that makes them think !
i am never disappointed with a melissa and doug item . this is much more durable than anything you can buy at walmart .
my nephew loves to put puzzles together . this was a great family toy as it is a floor puzzle that everyone can help with !
bought this for my grandson's birthday and he loves it . i'm pleased it is built well and stands up well with both grandsons playing with it .
my son likes batman and this was his first batman and he's happy with it . i wish the cape was detachable
my kids love making sandwiches and playing restaurant with this set . its great quality a always from melissa and doug .
bought for my daughters and saving it for christmas . looking forward to doing this with them and seeing how they turn out :)
only brand to own.easy to out together and take apart.my six year old can do on his own but it's also fun to do them together .
holiday list request . he loved it . he plays lots of star wars games with his brother . they never get enough .
how could a four year old not want this doll after seeing the movie ? lovely for her imagination times ! cute .
i bought this for my nieces birthday . she is a huge fan of princess sofia and really liked this gift .
cute game . the little squirrel pincher guy is also cute but extremely hard for little kids and even myself to use . everything else is great .
my kid loves blues clues and these character small beanies are perfect for us ! am thinking of buying the bigger size ones for myself !
now when we lose a rocket to trees branches or eager feet we have no stress - these are a great replacement for the blast pad .
most of these charms are cute , some not so much . it's really too bad the rubberband bracelets break so quickly .
abbey is really neat . she is cute yet strong and it really shows in this doll . i like how she looks in that super cute pajama gown .
will be used to wash cabin windows on a cliff edge 25 feet above a lake . perfect for that specific use .
my daughter loves these and they worked out very handy for a sick day activity . i would recommend these and i would but them again .
my 2 1/2 yr old loves this ! he figured out quickly how to only hit the ball and not the tee .
a toy that would be enjoyed by any little boy . teaches how to catch and throw . good for smaller hands , even his older brothers liked it .
i purchased this for my grand daughter . she loves it this is a very good product . she is really enjoying it !
i love them ! they are shiny , and don't bother my ears at all ! they look adorable ! they are a little bigger than i expected though .
how can you not like this adorable toad ? if your kids love mario bros . characters , this is great . less expensive than other stores .
i bought this item for my grandson and he loves it . he plays with it all the time and it is good for young children .
addition to my star wars tooopers ! this one is perfect , specially for star wars and lego troopers collectors ! highly recommended
my son loves this and he likes to pretend the box is a treasure chest . 2 toys in 1 :)
we bought this gift for a friend . he lost his mind when he received it . the packaging was good and arrived when i expected it to .
just like the tiny solar cars ... i ordered many of these . i placed them in direct sunlight multiple times , and none of them worked .
this was a gift for my granddaughter , she loves it . the clothing is well made and really looks great on her doll .
my 6 year old loves it and is learning so much . she thinks it looks so cool . i'm learning too .
but otherwise it's great , and it does have velcro on the sleeves so it's easy to make it fit better . i really like this .
got it once they dropped down to fifteen dollars making it an absolute steal - got two sets as add ons
this outfir is really cute and matched with the sparkly magenta boots and sweatshirt that i also bought . good quality
my grand kids had fun playing with the voice changers . it was a big hit . seemed to be a quality item .
this little thing is so adorable . my 3 year old daughter wouldn't let it out of her sight for weeks when she first got it !
i used this for cake toppers and then toys after , my child loved it ! success !
i bought this for my one year old granddaughter . she loved it and plays with it all the time . would recommend to others .
i love this bridge , it operates well and fits with our non-thomas train table set . very fun and well made .
we got this for our 2 year old grandson . he wanted it put together immediately . he loves how fast the cars go down the track .
the ty looks like it comes made together ... so be prepared to add all the stickers ... the red pieces that are flames are stickers
nice quality , easy for a small childs hand to hold , and goes well with the thomas the train wooden railway .
we love to sit in the floor and play games . this is a good one for older kids and adults .
it has held up to many years of play and still looks and works great .
the new adjustments to allow for more players are nicely balanced and keep the same spirit of the original game while allowing more people to play .
my son loves beyblades . we played the beys from this kit for hours . no issues here , still bashing them around .
this is a very sturdy and well made toy . the colors are gorgeous . the wood is shiny and appealing to young children .
i love these little helicopters . be sure to let the battery cool for 5 minutes after and before charging . it'll last a lot longer that way .
he loves it . he loves being outside and loves playing . he loves basketball too which i also got him . this is perfect for my sweet boy .
my 18 month old son loves it . you can pull it back and it winds up and rushes off . very cute . great for little hands .
my 2 year old granddaughter loves it . she is into tink and this is colorful , sturdy , and soft enough to cuddle with .
this is a fun gun . nerf blaster are still a hot item even today . tons of fun and well built .
again my youngest grandson who loves music and sounds and animals was tickled with this toy and how easy it was to use
bought this game for some of my students at christmas . they enjoyed it and it was fun for even adults .
this chalk is durable and perfect for my grand daughter's easel . it is not easily broken .
she had to use these at space camp . they require creative thinking . the challenge is very good for her . gets her to thinking .
i am a day care provider and i bought this for my older day care children . they are excited that they glow in the dark .
great value and addition to anyone who flies a remote helicopter . this thing saves time and works great . would recommend to anyone with a syma remote helicopter .
this brush is great for my daughter's american girl doll . it isn't too small like some of the reviews stated on other brushes , and it seems sturdy .
the phone is good , it should have more activities and bright colorful lights to keep kids interested . other than that it's fine .
these shoes are excellent ! well made and fit the american girl doll perfect . a great addition to the collection of clothing . no complaints !
great purchase for my grandkids and will get another one for my daycare . great quality , colors and theme of unity among all people .
it's a great toy , my son loves it . it is very easy to set up and it's fun to play with .
very nice wagon - sturdy - love the extra top that is removable - drink holder - storage under the seat - my grandson loves it
this was perfect ! the girls loved these ! it shipped fast and was just as described ! absolutely perfect little creature ! very soft as well !
the plastic feels pretty cheap , but it gets the job done . my daughter likes to play tea party with these .
larger than i thought it would be . it is the size of a floor book . very cute stickers , well worth it .
i loved it although it was quite small . the details were wonderfully done ... and my grandson loved it . i will buy more made by this company .
this is a big ticket item in my house . my daughter is a looming machine . she absolutely loves this . great gift .
can't say much about this . i gave it to my grand-daughter in colorado and she played with it , no big thing , just a toy .
ok it is a south pacific or indian or chinese barbie . not much more to say . the wheels work on the car .
my kid liked the droid minifig's more than the tank . but i think it's that way for any lego we buy . it was still a big hit .
recipients are trying to play the game and have discovered there is no lamp stand . how can i get the lamp stand if it was not included ?
the case is very well made and durable . it is roomy and easy to spot because of the color . very happy
cheap quality . i don't think it will stand up to much wear and tear . very cute , however and looks sweet on the doll .
a fun toy ! big enough to be held in hand and played with without loose parts thar can be dangerous . i would recommend it .
we bought this our son and he loved it . if he wasn't already attached to his sully from monsers inc he would probably carry this everywhere he went .
bought for our garage door for my grandsons 4th batman birthday party . it was smaller than i thought , but it was the size it said
this toy functions great and it's very baby friendly . this has been a great first car for our baby girl . she loves it .
very colorful and well made item . the shapes are varied enough to hold a young toddler's interest . my grand daughter loves them .
if you're kids like sonic as much as my son does , they should love these dolls . easy transaction , quick delivery , and they are exactly as described
so happy i waited a little while to buy this figure . easily one of the top 6 inch scale figures out there !
i bought these for my granddaughter and she was delighted . they are quality dolls and well worth the money . highly recommend .
we had lots of fun with this one and after many uses , we just gifted it to the next family . penguins are adorable .
this game really helps you with math . kids will love this . adults too . like the handy soft case the tiles come in .
this tunnel is made of very good materials , wide enough for the trains and my 2 year old son loves it .
i gave this to my grandson when he was totally a mickey boy.he loved it then and laughed and tried to do mickey's dance .
we loved to play lego by the whole family - perfect quality , great gameplay . and very educational . would recommend to all parents :)
my grand baby was so excited and loves them all i got her just about al u had and when baby happy so is gram
the price is right , the fun is guaranteed . not all sticks light up properly , but that's expected for the price .
this is the same product sold by others for a lot more . it is exactly what the girls wanted and was a great product for the price .
this is such a fun group game . we love playing it anytime we have a crowd . great fun for many people !
my daughter got this for christmas and truly loved it . it comes with accessories and it is a great addition to any girl's barbie collection .
beautiful puzzle . glitter really adds to the attractiveness of this picture . my daughter loves dancing and really enjoys this puzzle . the usual strong product from ravensburger .
got party city by me to blow them all up for 75 cents . pretty good deal . lasted long and looked great at party .
my son plays nonstop with these in the bathtub . they hold up well with my energetic 5 year old ! well worth the money
very nice size , decoration and quality , my daughter loved it ! ! i did not find any problems with the key - it works .
my grand daughter loves her new leap frog . this game is helping her to learn . pixar is great and fun .
i am so glad that i got this to accompany the jenna doll that i purchased . it is so cute to see my granddaughter change her baby !
detailed and specific . what would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product ? not too short and not too
nice 12 " size . very soft and snuggly . i ordered this kitten and a panda . love them both . happy with purchase .
just what i was looking for . the boys wanted every cars toy to play and line up . i never could find sally . it's perfect
these are nice but as some others have stated , it'd be nice to see some track layout suggestions as some of the wooden sets provide .
fun board game ! your friends will love it . it has a deep underlaying story and great characters . you can even paint your own figures !
nice distraction for the " boys " in my family and it grows with them . great space saver with the hook over the door .
very fun just make sure that you clean it after each use or your get dried play-doh in the good stuff .
i bought this for my 5 year old son and it thinks its so cool . i love the price and i would definitely recommend this ,
my son loves the robotic legged version of darth maul and the new commandos ( he's going through a lego star wars phase right now ) .
i bought this for my son and he love it . it is easy to carry and also to storage . i love the quality of the product
our grandson ( youngest of 4 boys ) really liked this ship . it was a good size and it had lots of great play features .
this turtle is adorabe and seems well made . it is big enough for two children to ride on and my grandkids love it .
rather than repeat myself , check out the other fashion angel sketch books i've gotten and reviewed . it says it all .
we love finn and his great accent ! we love him at the beginning of cars 2 when spying in all the bad guys at sea .
my boys have a lot of fun with the airplane . it comes a pilot ( female - yay ! ) , two tourists and a suitcase .
love melissa n doug ! great crayons especially for little hands . perfect shape and great color . easy to store in the case !
owl topples over pretty easily , but other than that these are sweet little toys the my 3 year old loves .
purchased this for my son's friend for his birthday . great price and he loves jake and the never land pirates .
this item is fun and gives the kids shelter in the sun . it does have clips which are somewhat flimsy , so don't use it in the wind .
grandaughter just had to have this doll she is still being played with she loves the dress how it changes little girls love playing dress up
i bought this puzzle for my 5 year old son for christmas and he loved it ! perfect size , easy yet challenging enough for him to do .
i bought this for my grand-daughter for christmas . she loves it and plays with it a lot . it's study and well made .
although had to take it back to walmart and exchange it because the one i got was purple , other than that great
my son says this one is just okay . he has won some matches but this one loses stamina faster than many of the others .
so small and hard that the only thing they are good for is to sit on a shelf . save your money .
i am a day care provider and i bought these for my day care children .. the kids really like these toys .
this figure is simply ammmmazing and asssssom there no enough words to describe it this is what figures should look like ooo and hulk smash
this was a family game purchase we all have a lot of fun playing this game and have learned a lot of things
my 4 yr old still loves to put these puzzles together , they are easy enough for young children , and hold up really well .
excellent quality and very cute little doll . santa claus brought this for my two year old , and she was very pleased :-)
the tail to the cat keeps falling off which is annoying . it's not as fun as my granddaughter thought it would be .
i bought this for my son . it's a bit much for him but i sure enjoyed assembling it . i will definately buy more in the future .
this is one of the few games that all 3 of our kids can play together without major meltdowns . simple , classic , entertaining board game .
always a fun game , i like monopoly and the kids ' really enjoyed it a lot too . i would buy again .
the sand is still spreading on the surface and in the hands of the child , it's kinda hard to clean.but my son loved it !
great gift for my grandchild . with all the cold weather it has been the perfect gift . he has spent hours using his reader . thanks amazon !
these were a great addition to the lego buildings for my girls - they loved toystory , so army men were acceptable :-)
well made .. one of my son's favorite game / plushes . only thing is they should of made these with sound like the previous original version .
this castle is great quality and bigger that i had expected . our 4 & 7 year old boys love playing with it together !
these dresses are nice ; fancy for those girls who love the fancy doll dresses . they are solid material and don't seem flimsy ! !
this was a perfect gift for our two year old nephew.he really liked this toy . the size is perfect and enjoyable to observe his enjoyment .
exactly as described and a good price .. my daughter is a huge m . h . fan and would have me buy every single doll if possible ...
great addition to the noah's ark i got . works perfectly with the others . great construction . no problems with it so far .
i love that this toy is essentially mess free . and it runs on water . we love this toy and it always keeps my toddler busy
we bought this for our grandkids to play with at our house . they love it and the quality can't be beat !
wonderful product . my two year old plays with it every day . goes great with the fisher-price servin ' surprises table . love the songs it plays .
every one knows the issues it has , and mine has every single one to a t . but its a fantastic toy anyway .
nice long cord can reach to the front of the car , this is a lifesaver for those times the batteries jut run out on long family drives !
this was a gift for a 3 year old . he loved it ; his parents ... not so much ! haha if on sale , a good buy .
great busy toy for our plane trip to az . held up great passed the toy on to a friend her son loved it too .
kids love it , best thing.every little girl wants to be a princess . any little girl can identify with all the fairies and suh a great story
my grandkids have played with this a lot . the pieces obviously stack as shown in the picture , but they can also be snapped together into balls .
excellent easy way for preschoolers to learn how to draw capital letters . also great for learning abcs . board size is perfect for home & travel .
they are cute tatoos and stayed on the kids well , didn't have trouble getting them to stick to skin and didn't wipe off within 5 minutes of application .
our daughter had a blast with these and very well made for the money too , gonna buy some for my niece too !
this is a great addition to my daughter's collection of lalaloopsy . keeps her entertained and it's very interactive with other lalaloopsy pieces .
great toy for my 16 month old . he loves listening to the sounds . and i like teaching him the various vehicles and what sounds they make .
we did regular rechargable batteries for about 6months never again ! buy this and save yourself lots of time and money ! ! it is worth every penny !
my son really likes this controller because of the charger . plus it works great ! it was a good addition to our xbox collection .
can't wait to see our grandson's eyes when he opens his gift christmas eve . all he ever talks about is buzz !
i bought this and a few like it at the same time . this thing is durable . dropped several times and no problems .
great toy to " rescue " thomas and friends ! it is a very clever idea . i love the flynn firetruck for the same reason .
this is a cool toy . unfortunately it freaked out the kids and would not shut up so we had to exile it .
my daughter loves this learning table the songs aren't that annoying she's 18 months and still goes back to it and plays with it ! defiantly worth the money .
gave this as a christmas gift to my nephew.loves it ! ! ! his friends are always asking if they can try it.fully recommend.john
i got this for my 3 year old so he could grow into it . the ones in stores are too small once a child hits 3 yrs
my kids love mario and luigi . we already have the mario and so my other son wanted the luigi . perfect size plush for my 2yr old
nice game with all the characters you know from the show.kid friendly and entertaining and educational at the same time.recommend highly !
as close to the original as you can buy ! . you will not be disappointed . easy to use and little girls will love it .
cute party favor for boys . 8 year olds had a lot of fun with them
these bags are great for small gifts or goody bags . the kids who saw them really loved them and thought they were awesome . vibrant colors .
got this for my 4 year old granddaughter and also got a matching pair of underwear . both are so cute and well made . very pleased .
i love this picture and the size is great . the quality seems great . the difficulty is perfect for my five-year-old .
bought for 14 year old son and he and friend play all the time . it can be a very quick game with lots of laughs
this really is the best gift you can give a child . they enjoy playing it and we can enjoy the fact that they are learning from it .
works great and is important with small kids to have protection . it looks cool too .
for some reason , my grandson is inordinately fond of " talking toby , " both the small train car , and the videos featuring him .
these fit my daughter's american girl doll just perfectly . so super cute and the show strings are lng enough to easily tie these shoes . highly recommended .
my son will love this toy ! he loves the movie planes and have the toys remote airplane . this will be a great addition to his planes collections ...
my 8 year old daughter really has enjoyed this outfit for her american doll and clothes fit perfect on ag dolls !
this little item made for a perfect item for our party favor bag along with other science objects . good bargain , too .
i couldn't believe how well these airplanes actually worked . great gift for all kids in the family since there is 5 in pack .
these are so cute . good quality & the toddler love linking them and moving the around . such a fun toy ,
got this for my 2.5 year old . she loves prince eric . clothes are good , and she's happy to have him with her ariel doll .
i must said that robecca is even more beautiful in it's box . high quality product , good details . my nice is very happy .
my daughter loves it , plays with it for hours and hours . great quality as expected from melissa and doug toys .
bought this for my wife , and she really loves it ! i am glad she liked it because she can be hard to buy for .
like most of these choppers , they take a beating for a while than the rotors break or the motor starts malfunctioning . fun while they last .
3 year old grand daughter loves it ! she can manover around and play the games with little to no help . hours of fun
bought for granddaughter who likes the more feminine monster high dolls--beauty w / out the beast-plays well , moves great , gorgeous clothing & well done
my son loves any thing minecraft . he plays with these all the time.perfect gift for a child that love minecraft
these are perfect for those little girls who do not like to mix and match their create-a-monster parts like my girls
my 2.5 year old son likes these cute light-up aquarium cars . they make for a fun variety amongst all his " engines " .
purchased these for my older son who was into ninjago for a short time , once the phase passed , i wound up selling them .
bought this for stocking stuffer . fun for kids during down time from school and for road trips . simple , easy and makes the mind work .
my daughter loves fish and gets a kick out of me mixing the fish tails and then reorganizing them . fun !
the picture makes it look super big but in fact it is not really that big at all ! kinda sucky for 20 bucks being that small .
for my granddaughter who played for hours preparing and serving food to her " customers . " . high quality materials , very good value for the price .
my son loves rockin out with this guitar . my complaint is its very loud and there is no volume control .
great family game ! ranks among the most fun and entertaining family games of all times in our book . we especially like the european version .
my 2 yr old granddaughter enjoyed the doll but for what i paid i was not impressed . it was smaller than expected
loads and loads of pieces at really great price . finally my niece and nephew have enough pieces to both build at the same time .
love all the fun colors and love that they are square shaped instead of round so they are not constantly rolling down my driveway !
these are just wonderful blankets / puppets for any kid . my children love them and take them everywhere . ordering online was much cheaper than purchasing in stores .
it would have been great , but it was missing a piece . i sent it back and have not replaced it .
this part of the shark theme birthday party .. grandson loved the variety of sharks he could add to his collection .
my son absolutely loves his new knex toys . he is constantly using the idea book and making creations ! great toy !
this is a nice summer outfit for her dolls comes with the matching hat and the pink clogs witch was great
this item was high on my granddaughters list and she certainly enjoys playing with it . the product is as advertised and was delivered well in advance of christmas .
this product is amazing . i love the colors . they are perfect when done coloring . i love these colors and i would order more
great party favors for the price . cant wait to pass these out for my sons birthday party in a week .
they are pretty durable and they are still holding up after being thrown around and trashed by a bunch of children .
action figures like this are very expensive in my country . the price is fair and the material is very good . thank you
it needs more diapers but the two girls play with it and put a lot of clothes in it and take it with them
my grandbaby loves this truck ! it fits 6 little cars inside as well . he loves the moving eys , mouth , and sounds as well .
cute assortment of clothes - easy for my girls 2.5 yrs old to take on and off . not very good as holding up to lots of play .
kids play with it every single day . beautiful doll , thinking about buying another so each daughter has her own ... no fighting then . :)
this ogre is really too large and clunky to go along with the castle - a nice 5 " or 7 " figure would be more practical .
this is a great toy ... i bought for my 8 year old daughter's birthday & she loved it ... a great gift ...
excellent ratio quality - price.very complete.very good for small girls , because the dresses come in two pieces . this helps to suit better . i recommend it .
bought this for my 2.5 year old . she loves the doll . the crown is nice , but doesn't stay on without the rubber band it came with .
nice time killer in a waiting room , if you remember to bring it . granddaughter liked it for a while .
it was really small , but other than that , it was great . perfect for any child to add to their lego collection .
favorite tiny penguin in our house . very very soft and cute . cuddly . why do these reviews make you write more than that ?
my nephews love teenage mutant ninja turtles ! these were perfect stocking stuffers for christmas although i had to remove the toy from the packaging so they would fit .
evena thought the reviews on the movie was not positive . our grandchildren loved it . we purchased costumes , and all sort of tonto and texas ranger stuff .
great variety of rubber bands for the crazy loom . my daughter uses these to make many necklaces and bracelets for us .
unfortunately my grand daughter received this from another relative so we are sending this one back . these are so popular
both girls and boys enjoy playing with this bot . not too difficult to figure out - even for me ! thanks .
my two grandsons love the extra track that fits perfectly with their original track set . every time i come over , they have a different track laid out .
these work fine , but i don't feel are really necessary . not worth returning , but i'd rather have more track and not bothered with these clips .
my daughter is sleeping in this tent and loves it ! it's very easy to collapse and a lot of room for toys and stuffed animals .
these were perfect for the birthday party ! the colors were true and the balloons held the helium without trouble ! i would definitely recommend this product to others !
i bought this for a friends child and he really enjoyed it , it's well made and such a cute face for a child .
this modeling product is perfect for use with 4 years to adult . the texture is nice and the beeswax is easy to reuse .
the melodies are really nice and my niece loves to listen to them . it is a simple toy but well it does the work
i bought this dragon figurine as an accessory for a costume . good size , fits well on a shoulder . nice details and colors .
my kids love merida and the book has many colorful pictures and games . we love the tag pen and this works with the new tag pen as well
fun for my 2 1/2 boy and 4 year old girl . they actually play with it together . great quality toy set .
wash up off the table well , are easy to get color marks on paper and haven't broken yet so they are a winner in my book .
if you like carcassone , you have to buy this expansion . it adds a whole new level to this great game .
this is what my son want's for christmas . it looks good and got here fast so i can't complain when it get's this it's going to make his day
my son is happy , likes lego city.this game is developed excellent skill by number of piecesthe price is more lessshould offers
got a bad motor on this one , but we have many syma copters and they are great . i wouldn't hesitate to buy more .
my grandson loves these trains . very durable and creative . stimulates his imagination and a great toy to teach sharing . this dealer is great , fast service .
i bought this for xmas . my daughter loves monster high dolls . this one is totally unique and diffrent with the contrasting colors . great deal .
great toy for the price and sturdy for kids . plays music when you press the head and teaches , colors , shapes and alphabet .
my daughter wanted a soccer goal for christmas so i got this one . it was a total pain to put together and it's just not very sturdy .
my granddaughter loves playing with my little pony and watching them on tv , so i ordered this set to give her for christmas .
this is cute - reminds me of a vera bradley bag . the pretend wipes that come with it are a bit pointless , though .
my son loved this for halloween ! our kids love the mazin hamsters so spooky was a wonderful addition to the family .
i got this to go with one of the 12 inch babies , the bottle works and the girls love it .
they work as advertised and come at a great price . used these multiple time and they have always worked great .
i used for my daughter's 5yrs old b-day cake . she loved it and even other moms kept asking me about it
i bought this to use as a christmas present for one of my special kids . i found the price and shipping to be a good deal .
thought was going to be crappy because of other bad reviews but i bought it anyway and daughter loved it , works great !
this wooden cross track gives my grandsons so many options for creative track layouts . it fits perfectly with the original track set .
my two year old son got this for christmas . he plays with it and is pretty rough on it and it's held up quite nicely .
this game rarely guesses what your object was , it is absolutely terrible , but somehow it occupies my daughter's time .
perfect gift for girls 8 and more ... my daughter is waiting for this gift ... i will post her reaccion
my 4 year old loves this . it has a lot of little pieces but are so detailed and fun . very portable and good for on the go .
very nice toys , got three for my nephew who is 6 . he loves the avengers and is going to go nuts over these toys .
the jacket and boots match their popular name brand counterparts perfectly ! ! ! this was a gift and was very well received !
fits right with the loving family dollhouse fast shipment and reasonable price granddaughter loves all the products that go with the dollhouse
i bought these for my grandchildren and they love them . it in encourages kids to play outdoors and explore the world around them .
this was a great buy . this is educational for the small ones.and great fun for every one . the small ones enjoy playing with the older ones .
my daughter loves these . she is occupied for a while just taking them off an putting then back on the side ofthe tub .
at the age of 6 , she has most of these legos and can put them together in no time with little assistance !
we've gotten other bucket of dinosaur type toys and they were nicer than this . these dinosaurs don't look too great .
yes , as others have mentioned the cars are a little large for the robot mold , but the kids still love it
my 3 year old loves that the milk and juice look like her babies drink it all . good construction , i'm not worried about it breaking .
bought this truck for my toddler grandson for christmas . he likes to play with it in his sandbox . well made nd will last for years .
our granddaughter pulls this map out all the time and impresses her great grandparents with her great knowledge from it ! !
they were nice bands . none were broken and none broke while using them . my grandson had made 8 black bracelets and still had plenty left .
great game for kids over 9 or 10 who like board games adults may enjoy playing with their kids or other adults
my 3 year old got this for her birthday and she loved the use of the characters for all the classic game spots . great version of the original
my youngest granddaughter really loves these legos . she is getting quite a selection and no video games are asked for !
my son played with this for a long time . probably still would but we had to put it in storage . very cute idea .
bought for my daughter and her friend . love there is so such an assortment of stickers . the girls loved it !
any thomas character is always a hit . my only issue is the die cast train don't fit the wooden track only the take n play
basically this is the same stuff they made when i was a kid . i wish they would develop something better
this sweet bunny is so very soft and cuddly , and so very cute in person . i will certainly be buying more jellycat toys .
omg my lil boy is going to have a fit when he gets this for his birthday ! soooo glad to have purchased !
great bargain & great that my little one can have a darling clothing item for her american girl doll that doesn't cost a lot of $ . thank you !
this hexbug didn't work . the switch was firmly stuck in one place . very disappointing . i ordered through marketplace so it wasn't worth the cost to return .
loved them . ! sooo cute . grandson loved them too . made very nice and colors were bright . would buy for ant ages .
we love doc mcstuffins.she is so cute and when the animals talk my daughters get so excited ... only downside is the glitter falls off the dr kit
bought for my granddaughter and she loves playing with it still . great product , you can't go wrong with leapfrog products .
these are a good deal for the price . there are lots of varity and kids will love them . thank you , .
a happy customer in hawaii ! i bought these for my son's preschool . cheaper than at education works , and save , time , gas and parking expense .
i use this to make bracelets for my family . works as expected . this was easier to find online than in store to purchase .
it is about time the girls get to play with fun toys . my eight year old grand daughter is having a lot of fun with hers .
this was purchased as a gift for my grandson and he loves having the extra ball to play with . excellent time on the shipping .
loved by our lego obsessed nephew ! nearly matches his own grandpa ( who still has a bit more hair ) . super cute add-on gift .
my granson absolutley loves this item . he loves items that sing or light up . what a great idea for a toy / flashlight .
this is a great little addition to our kids lego sets . perfect for stocking stuffer too . makes a nice inexpensive gift
gave this as a gift . my nephew got this from someone else and it's been hours of fun for him , he can't put it away !
highly durable . great fun . working very nice since many months . children enjoy a lot . good electronics . strong component parts
i bought this for one of my grandsons for christmas . seeing him play with it that day and since has convinced me he was more than satisfied .
this is a cute fun project my niece loved making . her and her mom both couldn't say enough good about this product ... highly recommend
i only really wanted the coal car . it is too bad they do not make an " edward " in a battery operated unit .
bought this for my grand-daughter's leap pad ultra and it doesn't fit in the case . was very disappointed because the description didn't say that it wouldn't fit .
this was purchased as a gift for my nephew , and he absolutely loves it ! his parents also appreciate the fact that is was made from recycled plastic .
this has been a wonderful gift for my girls , it keeps them engaged for hours . i am purchasing another set to add to the collection .
very nice .. good quality stuff . got some others for kid to play , which feel cheap but this one is really nice .
now all of my cards are in one place so i don't have to go searching for the twisted game
great fun for the kids . please don't make us write all these words . it keeps you from getting reviews . i cannot spend this much time .
it is the first floor puzzle we found for minnie mouse . both of my grandchildren enjoy putting it together . the pieces are sturdy .
a christmas gift , the extra ammo for my grandsons new vortrex gun , he was delighted to have the extra ammo
i get to be a ninja turtle , too , when the grandchildren come over . i have my own mask . we love them .
they will not be distributed until their designated birthdays . all the grandchildren look forward to receiving a lego set on birthdays and christmas .
mavis was hard to find a few months ago but now she is in stores all over . must have seen that demand was getting better .
so much fun , with so many different shapes / animals to make . we spend hours playing with this toy with my 3 year old .
cute toy just what i expected i would by again very age appro . for 5 year old good purchase .
i bought this for my 3-1 / 2 yr old for christmas . she loved it and now feeds her babies and so much more .
our son really enjoys the melissa & doug puzzles . they are well made and the pieces fit together tightly . we have purchased about 10 different ones .
great game to play with a group.plain silly fun . try to guess what you are by asking the other people playing questions.be prepared to laugh hysterically
good buy and brilliant color . christmas present for grandkids . they are into making the rubber band bracelets and loved these .
fun toy . set up the guys and make plays . son plays with them for a long time , he is 8 .
purchased as a gift , will most likely never be opened by the recipient , but they were very happy so that is all that matters
the tip broke the very first time of use , its a total waste of money . buy something else , not worth the price .
bought the v-tech stencil and learn studio for christmas.she loves it and she's not two yet.we won't let her play with it unsuprevised .
my daughter loves this stuffed animal . it is well made , colors are great , and of course works well on her webkinz account .
bought this for my grandson . he loves legos . pretty much all legos are good for kids to build with . lets them use their imaginations .
this was a gift for our grandson and he is really enjoying drawing and painting . i plan on restocking some of the items he has used soon .
i love this railway because it fits with the melissa & doug set . i also really like that it seems like a real car wash
kids love this they take lots of pictures entertain themselves for quiet sometime dont forget the extra memory cardsenjoy
my 16 month old got this for christmas and continues to love these little people since . perfect for this age group .
valve , portal weighted companion cube plushie arrived in excellent condition and on time . my great-grandson is enjoying it very much . it's just what he wanted .
this is a very well made leap frog musical book . it was for my 9 month old granddaughter and she liked it .
once again a happy child . i am trying to find a cheaper gift , but he say's legos very well . at least he knows what he wants .
my granddaughter loves these webkinz animals . this one is still in a drawer waiting to be given . i know she will like it .
got these for my nephew as a christas gift and his face lit up when he saw them . they were affordable and he loved them .
got some for gifts for christmas last year . also bought one for grandma's house . these are nice and have a really nice special effects .
i am so happy i purchased the case . when traveling it keeps the games and computer together and accident free .
my grandson is 3yrs old and has enjoyed the letter factory . he is doing very well , and i would recommend this to all .
this is a perfect game to play with a group of adults - - the concept is just entertaining . like apples to apples but better .
same review as sports square that i purchased . well pleased would purchase again . another very good product to purchase for children .
this was bought for a future birthday gift . not sure how well it works yet . will let you know later
my toddler loves this book ! he loves seeing the letters appear when he writes with the water pen . it's great for little ones .
grandson ( youngest ) loves thomas . this was a very good small christmas gift for him . not too expensive . he loves it .
this is so colorful and so much fun for my 15 month old . it is light enough that he can carry it around and he loves it
oh my , we've gotten hours & hours of fun out of these . my grand daughters have learned to swim underwater chasing these things around !
i love these trains because they talk to each other . they are pretty big and i wish they sold these in the stores .
it's a good expansion for a good game . i don't know what else to write so i'm finishing with filler .
a great game for experienced players , it give one the extra space to be very competitive and have a great deal of fun .
my nephew loved it for his birthday ! ! ! really loves to play with legos at 5 years old . would buy again !
this is for a 12 yr old . my six year old grandson didn't have enough strength to pull it back and it frustrated him
she is a cute doll and affordable . she is very colorful and fun , can't go wrong owning her.if your a abbey fan she's a must have .
i love this and so does my son . he will play independently . i love quiet toys , so this is a must have for any parent !
this is a well made , steel pail . it should hold up for years unlike the flimsy plastic ones . well worth the price .
my sons are having fun shooting these arrows all over the house . it is easy to shoot and very durable . the arrows fly !
my granddaughter loves to play with my little ponies and i bought these ponies to go with her wedding ponies
boys 7 & 10 like it , and it made it through in one piece being shipped during the holidays which tells me it's durable .
my grand daughter loves this set . she even gets her older broth to have tea time.well made and fun.delivered on time with good service !
we had so much fun with this at christmas that i am purchasing another for the office . so much fun !
grand daughter loved it . price was good . just enough pieces to start her off for her new sandbox . worth getting .
but they are hard for her to attach and take apart . she is almost six . pretty colors but weird shapes ( different from those pictured ) .
a must for any kiddo with a leapster . a fun game that teaches mechanics of drawing and writing numbers and letters .
another great melissa & doug product . so much fun , wish we had a toy oven to pretend bake them in !
my daughter loves it . seems to be durable . wheels steers and turn great . folds small and easily for storage . would recommend .
now that my 3 - year old has this , she always wants to help sweep whenever i am sweeping . it is great to help her like cleaning .
my kids love these stickers , they all smell strong which is surprising as scratch n sniff are really hard to find
not as thick as the old school ones i would say but hey its still a potato head ! they enjoyed it .
this is a perfect kid toy for outside play . great construction and solid metal . it should hold up much better than plastic buckets .
dolls are cute . easy for toddlers to play with - nice that it includes extended family members in set . good product .
a great deal and works super awesome . no more replacing batterys . would recommend it . im very happy with this cable
this is a great outfit for brats dolls good value for the price of it try it out you wont be disapointed with the purchase
any toy that has balls are fun for kids . make them pop and jump and roll around and you have a winner for any kid .
so much fun for older girls has many small pieces . they love the pool after all was assembled . fun for acting play ..
the car is well-built and fun to make , and the dinosaur , of course , is a major hit with my son .
we gave a few of these as presents and they seem to be of interests to the kids . i recommend .
purchased as a gift for an upcoming birthday for a 9 - year-old . am sure she will enjoy it as she likes anything monster high .
the bottle in this set came with very little liquid in it and after a few months has completely dried up .
good toys for the bathtub if your child likes bubble guppies . decent size & material . i would recommend these toys .
great details , fun to build . especially in time of the lego movie release . wish i had one when i was growing up .
my daughter loves this . it teaches compassion and resposibility by taking care of the pets . some parts are tiny so keep them together in a zip baggie .
accessories for the dolls i also purchased . would recommend to anyone buying the monster high dolls . the girls loved the outfits .
we love the other spot it game and this one has fewer characters to spot - good for the younger kids just like it says .
i ordered these for our nano hex bugs and when they arrived i thought no way would these fit but they do ... perfect . thank you !
very easy for my 4 year old to transform , he loves playing with his rescue bots . i definitely recommend this for younger kids .
we had a great time putting this together . the main thing they needed some help building , but i thoroughly enjoyed helping them . worth the money .
my kids and i absolutely love playing with the wwe slam city breakdown assault vault . it's a tad bit smaller than expected but it's still tons of fun .
never would buy these alone---pretty cheaply made , but they'll have fun with them until they break , then they'll get tossed out .
grandson love to put them togetter and pla with it for hours at the time a good thing for the brain
the kids loved it and also their papa had to test it out . lol . had trouble getting it back to wrap it ..
my son thinks he is a pretend firefighter and he absolutely loves this ! it is worth buying for the fun and cheap price !
i think my pre-school granddaughter will love this mommy make me better doll ! it looks sturdy and is really cute !
well built , belly smells like strawberries , soft fur . i have no complaints about this . my daughter sleeps with him every night .
great toy to get your little one manipulating shapes . should be appropriate for any baby who can grasp and hold onto things . also a safe toy .
comes with all the things a child needs to keep busy and have creative fun . have sen other items move expensive but not as such a good value
wonderful and safe toy . my 2 year old loves it and it is easy to play with . no sharp edges at all .
i got these for a 4 year old . they are a nice size larger then i thought they'd be . very nicely made . would recommend .
i think that you really can't go wrong with most of the leapfrog products ! this is a great book that my daughter enjoys interacting with .
grandchildren and their parents loved it to go with other thomas the train set they have . can be made up in many different ways .
these were ordered for our toddler grand daughter and she really loves the collection ! they have become her very favorite toy !
my boys love their quinjets , it's a good addition to their lego collection . playability is pretty good , and the quality is good as always .
this is a very good teaching aid type game for preschoolers and my grandson still plays with it several years later
i would recommend this to a child that can understand directions for assembly . los of pieces , so one would need a confined area for construction of it .
this has great quality cd sound , but i wish i had gotten it earlier . my 8 month is only interested in it for a few minutes .
abbey was loved and she became an inspiration for a halloween dress-up item . i believe every young girl loves the monster high products . thanks .
this is delightfulthis is delightful , minnie sings the mickey mouse clubhouse hot dog song and it is so cute ! ! her giggle is adorable too !
my granddaughter has downs syndrome and she loves this puzzle . it is good for her learning skills and i was very pleased with it .
my 18 month old granddaughter loves them all ! ! and she's a huge fan . would buy them again ... well worth the price . $ 11
my one year old loves this toy . i agree with other reviewers though--you have to constantly pick up the balls . it is also a bit loud .
very little adjustment , you cant use it like a microscope since there is no way to line up the eyes
granddaughter loves this one ! she has even started " pointing " it at the tv !
very good toy . it's educational and fun . my kids love it , and we too ! they practice maths and have fun at the same time .
the concept is interesting and once it's unzipped it's great , but it's almost impossible for kids to zip these up themselves ( unzipping is easy ) .
this toy is perfect for any toddler that loves cars . mine was sturdy , well built , and durable , even for my son who is rather destructive .
bought for my 14 month old grandson , but doesn't quite get the concept that u have to walk to make the balls pop lol - he will
the purse is great for a baby girl , also all the accessories are great for my baby , she learn to be a beautiful girl meanwhile she play
my son loves these playskool heroes transformers rescue bots toys . this is the third one we have bought him , he is always asking for more .
this product is great because it's 100 pieces for 12 bucks . there's a good variety and the kids love them .
this is a fun cooperative game of exploring ( though there is a traitor in your midst ) . i would recommend this .
my son is going to enjoy this truck . i didn't realize how small this truck was , i'm going to find small disney cars figures .
my girls love serving this pie to me . it's sturdy and came exactly as described . a must have for any girl's kitchen
this was a very nice choice ! i loved this product , and so did the 8 year old girl to whom i give it as a christmas present .
this toy is nicer looking online then when you actually get it . it is really cheap looking & not worth the money .
it is amazing , my kid loves it . playmobil always has great things and this pirate ship is not an exception .
this was a good price and really cute in person . i noticed the body parts are made different , so i hope it lasts longer .
my grandson just loves this game . there is a lot to do on this game that teaches letter recognition , counting , etc . very awesome game .
my daughter loved this outfit for her baby stella doll . it's really cute--too bad these outfits cost so much other wise i'd buy more .
i purchased this item to teach my 3 year old how to tie her shoes . it is still a work in progress .
i think this pony is really cute . it is very low to the ground which is great for toddlers . and the talking mouth makes it fun for kids
yahtzee is just a classic family night game . lots of fun and easy for kids to understand . rolling the dice is fun and makes noise .
product was as described and arrived on time without problems . all power ranger training gear items were made ok and seemed they would last .
bright red in color , perfect for the wooden railway set , price was perfect when you dont have alot of money to spend
it is still a great toy after all these year's ! love it ! really glad they still make this wonderful toy !
good game to play for 2 but more it wasn't as much fun . a good game to have in the closet .
i've never had enough brushes , until i bought these . they clean up very nice , dry quickly & are ready for the next fun paint time
my daughter begged for this toy after seeing it on tv but soon became bored with it . what you see is what you get .
these are the perfect size for a little one . they clean up easily and are very durable . worth the price !
this monkey is much bigger than i expected but it has quality construction with just about every fastener type a youngster may come across .
these are very well made and will provide hours of entertainment for my grandson when he is a little older !
we love these as reward stickers for my 2 year old . they stick well and are brightly colored . the stickers detach individually which is nice .
my nephew totally loved it :) he couldn't believe that his favorite cartoon " came to life " in his living room haha
my son loves monster jam and this pack is a lot of fun . it is a great price for what you get .
this little guy is realistic but still soft and somewhat floppy . a great gift for a child . 1 11 1
we actually got this to hold our k-nex toys . we have the angry bird k-nex and this holds them perfectly !
fragile is a understatement and they move to fast to control . pass on this one as your little one will get frustrated easily .
this skates are great for little girls is safe and cute my girl love it makes her feel like a big girl
this poor guy just did not like keeping his air . he must have been too used to a non-oxygen environment .
just like the one my son had years ago . i love lowly worm ! my 3year old grandson loves him too .
quality product . very bright glow , long lasting , strong ! ! doesn't break open when activated ! ! highly recommend this product . worth every penny !
awesome colors but the scents make me feel like puking . i far prefer the unscented but so hard to find !
the fish is too big for the fry pan . the concept is really fun and i wish the manufacturers would have though about this before they mass produced it
gift for 7 year old that appears his 4 year old brother can share with him . arrived on time and in perfect condition .
this marble run is so much fun ! ! i think i have just as much fun with it as my 4 - year-old does ! !
perfect for any child party good quality very fun arrived on time fun to watch my child and all her friends dress up
awesome sphere ; i use with elementary students ; it has many uses : visual for breathing ; play catch ; calming / relaxing ; it makes people happy .
gave these two to my daughter for christmas in her stocking . she loved them . very cute idea and adorable prizes inside .
my grandson adores angry birds and loves his new at at attack . he uses all the games together and has a great time .
got this for an almost 5 year old . he and my 3 year old played with this for an hour nonstop . they love it
my 1 year old and 7 year old girls play with this together . it's extremely adorable . what a prefect and well thought out set .
he is five but does age 7 legos . he especially liked the super hero legos on christmas morning . exceeded his expectations !
got this toy at a steal , i was surprise to see the item was quite huge but i am having fun sticking it together now .
didn't keep the interest of my 11 year old son . maybe for a younger child learning to spell and excited about learning .
these star wars legos were perfect for a rainy day activity at camp memaw and grandaddy a la star wars this past summer .
these are great . my 4 year old grandson could use them with ease and it certainly worked as advertised . no one spill .
the grandkids get bored when they come over . the art stuff helps keep them busy and allows the adults to visit
this toy was much smaller than i thought it would be for the price . the concept is great but the size is just too small for the price
my son loves his see through rain stick . he is enjoying it very much its fun to watch and its fun to use . very durable too .
finally a version of chutes and ladders that dads will enjoy playing too . if only they could make a marvel candy land too .
bought for day care use they are played with daily good quality and lasr a long time . the kids love them .
kid was scared when it started rumbling up . it was fun , however , once it started rolling . does not roll very well over carpet .
never got it to spin . no matter what we tried it would not work . not happy with this at all .
my 2 year old plays this all the time - a great value for the money . and it's better quality then i was expecting .
i suggest getting the mattel or disney in manufactures box rather then chance a unsafe toy that is not u . s . tested for safty .
really nice play cradle . comes with a tiny " mattress " blanket and pillow . good quality and perfect sized for my daughters dolls .
we play this game a lot while we are camping with friends . our whole family enjoys playing it here at home too .
excellent product ! i'm not a fan of sandboxes but it makes the perfect kiddie pool ! my daughter absolutely loves it
nice improvement to the crayon , especially for older children . now we do not have so many broken crayons about everywhere .
what a surprise this was to learn math and play at the same time ... so excited about this it wasn't even ask forthank you
works great . helps save on batteries and i use it while i charge the batteries . this is a great product .
grandson and my daughter needed a place for him to put his large collection of legos it was just what they needed .
the crayons are great but they are small ! almost too small for my 2 yr old granddaughter . would have been perfect size for her last year .
these bugs are cute . they work well as teethers , and are more fun than the original shapes that snap together .
this was a present for our grandson and he loved it ! ! ! it actually bounced quite will without having to add air .
just as posted-grand daughter loves this series and will enjoyplaying in the sandbox toy with the critters for her bday
this is a new experience for my 3 year old grandaughter . she plays with all of them for hours.she loves carrying them around with her
i bought this set for my granddaughter she loves it . she is able to make jewelry by her self . this is great for my four year old .
we have so much fun playing this game with our grand son . helps him with his math too . can't find this game in stores anymore .
decided to buy the whole set , as it was cheaper than buying individually.my daughter loves all her little friends , so this was a great present for her !
my kids love the show and this did not disappoint . it's a great learning tool and really fun too , you're kids wont ' know they are learning .
grandson loves all mario dolls . plays with them actingout what happens in the games . perfect size and coloringfor the character .
my son loves this toy he used it every day . i would recommend to every one that is a power ranger lover
these are great as favors at a princess birthday party . will be used for a treasure hunt for the kids .
this is a great truck . the wheels are rubbery and have good grip . the ladder extends and can hold one of the fireman toys .
nice game for the price , can't wait to use it with my little gifter . i love games that teach learning skills to children !
got for my daughter who loves to color and was done with this book in a week but has great picture to color
love the item but package came crushed but since i order this as an extra - they will have the contents to add to their original gift .
this is a great game to bring to parties , anyone can play , and at least one offensive reference is guaranteed .
my granddaughter just loves everything about this . it lights up , it talks , it has multiple action . it's a perfect gift .
i bought this for a friend's year-old son . he really seemed to enjoy it and it has held up well .
i like the size of these . not too gawdy adds just enough sparkle to the tables with peony petals for a spring wedding
i cannot believe that this does not at least come w / a strap or anything to make it a backpack . what a joke !
i started getting the little people for my 15 month old granddaughter . good size for her little hands and great for imagination .
my 3 - yr old son loves these toys . he literally still plays with them everyday and he got them for christmas .
these were purchased for party favors for my daughter's birthday . they are cute and good value for the price . the girls liked them
i'm really happy with this console . the graphics are a huge step up from the last gen . i think it's well worth the money .
great set at a great price . the variety of the types of cars is very good . i'm sure my grandson will love playing with them .
cemented these with some home made plaster and once dried , let the kids hammer them out . good times . nice product .
not thrilled by this game . i was hoping that it would be more challenging than it is , and it is pretty cheaply made .
my 18 months old granddaughter is enjoying this doll stroller and fills it with her favorite toys ! it is well made .
2 small grandchildren loved this . they abused it in every way possible and it took them about 5 years to destroy it .
the grandkids love to play in water and especially play in the water on this table . it's a great fun way to entertain the kids .
the paint is good , the dryer works great , the decals are cute , this was the perfect gift for my daughter .
they fight over this barn . they love the doors and the sounds it makes . the animals are hit as well and they get carried every where .
grandchild enjoyed making new and interesting faces with the stickers . a couple more sheets of stickers would be most helpful
cute toy , 6 month old baby took right to it , played with it each time she saw it . well made and colorful .
protects my daughter's leap pad from the times she drops it on the floor . works exactly as expected , i would definitely buy this again .
bought for my friends 6 year old because she loved my daughters so much and couldn't be happier with it . she loves it !
the overall size was a little lacking , but my daughter is gaga for them . either way i'd give it a 2 1/2 star rating .
very cute for any little girl on her birthday . we bought this a play cake set and a real toddler cookbook to finish the present off .
these sequin boots are great for the american doll and are sparkly and cute . they look much more expensive than they are and were a great purchase .
my niece was one happy little girl when she received these for christmas , excellent item , i scored big uncle points .
this is a neat toy , my only advice is to make sure you have more than one bottle of soda and one tube of mentos on hand .
i so glad i bought this . my toddler has been on his leappad nonstop since he got it and all i have to do is plug it in .
this was for my grand daughters for christmas 2012 and it fell apart . i believe it was thrown out ... ! ! !
my grandson was thrilled this has been a favorite since christmasand will be for a long time to come
very cute for the price . fun summer toy - just like dad's . well made for using indoors or out .
nice gift . worked well for awhile . children could follow the letter making . over time it did not work too well
my son is a big fan of the chima television program and of legos , so it was the perfect gift !
thomas and friends wooden railway - stanley - - - arrived on time and grandkids just love it , same as all thomas friends
i ordered these for my daughters upcoming birthday . they are adorable . definitely a good purchase !
great for kids who love exploring and seeing things up close . each toy can clip off for easy use and the whole set can clip onto other clothes .
the person who received abby bominable as a christmas gift loved it . it has been played with almost every day since . perfect for a snow-loving person .
my kids love chima . and although i'm sure it will be a challenge to put together they will enjoy every minute .
my 3 year old loves these skates ! ! a great buy . would recommend for any first time skaters ! easy to use too .
my daughter loves these erasers . they are very cute . the product arrived super fast . iwako erasers are nice for collectors .
purchased this for my great granddaughter who has long , beautifuldark hair . most dolls have blonde hair . she loves this doll .
the tails on these dolls kept popping off and getting stuck in the tub drain , so i have since thrown them away .
my almost 3 year old loves jake & the neverland pirates . he also loves blocks . this is his favorite toy . need i say more ?
hours and hours of fun for one ! great way to study repeated patterns , develop creativity , experiment , and not have to be engaged with technology .
these markers don't last forever , but i like the variety of colors in this pack and that they are mess-free .
our 22 month old loves puzzles and this one is no exception ! the bright colors are awesome and he likes to play with this !
my 11 month old seems to like it . he's not fooled though . he knows it's not the real remote but the singing and lights are cute .
really saves the leappad from ware and tear . don't have to worry about dropping and banging that happens with kids . it works fine on the leappad 2
this is soft , cute and made a perfect gift . leave it to ganz to make a wonderful product to be most enjoyed .
my niece just loves this . she plays imagination all the time and this is one of her best pals she always has around .
made me chuckle - cthulhu is even greater if you know the mythology . again , quick game play that is perfect for beginners .
this is a fun game , but it is kind of hard for the saboteur's to win . maybe that is why there are less of them ?
the young girl who received this loved how pretty and adorable rochelle goyle is , as well as the doll's unique features .
got it for my son . he loved it . he wanted a soft pillow and a stuff animal to hug . this pillow combines the twos .
the item looked interesting , but it doesn't really have a lot of functionality .. my daughter doesn't really play with this item at all !
i picked this up to complete the set . but it's not my favorite ship . i do wish hot wheels would do more though .
my daughter likes to push this around the house . the chime isn't annoying , which is something i was worried about .
the dice have no issues and they really are necessary to play x-wing . this is the best way to go without buying a second core set .
bought this as a gift . have heard no complaints , just how much they love playing with this one and the others they got .
great way to avoid the high sugar , low quality candy items ... kids all like this and it's a much healthier alternative .
the part broke after 2 flights . so i junked the mjx f45 and through it in the garbage where it belongs.live and learn .
very ferocious dragon for fighting knights . i love the 4 heads . my six year old grandson loves it as well .
arrived on time good shape great game for smaller kids because it has large sticks taught them how to play they enjoyed it
like all your products they are wonderful . my grandson is finding things to put in them so that he has food to cook with .
very please with tractor . it has a high back on it to help hold him on . very sturdy and cute .
my niece loved the gift the fisher-price little people with moveable parts . great that thee is additional people that can be brought separately
this was a gift for a one-year old boy's first birthday . he is already scooting it around everywhere . i'm happy with my choice for little max .
the velcro is an excellent idea , the quality is excellent , the kids loved making different ways & serving to all of us big kids !
works perfect with the mobigo and is prettty easy for a child to handle . woulf def buy again if needed !
what a great t-rex . my grandson loved it . it looks like it is attacking . he loves the fact that the mouth works . a winner .
limited play usage time with this toy as it is only a reminder to him of the game itself which he loves playing on his gaming machine at home .
my daughter loves dotting the paper with these really good quality dot pens . great choice for toddlers . fun colors too .
it takes a bit to learn this one , but once you get the hang of it , this game is so much fun . 4-6 players is best .
this thing is powerful but not too hard to use . my just turned 6 year old can operate it will minimal help .
my 9 and 7 year old girls love this game . i loved it when i was a kid too . helps with math skills !
love the nerf darts . especially love having a lot of them . work well in the gun . no problems or complaints .
my 2 yr old played with it all summer . we lost one of the balls but luckily it came with two .
my grand daughter loves this doll . plays with it all the time . need to get her more outfits to go with the doll .
as always , the lego bricks are a great hit . this one offer a variety of pieces for the leog city set .
the babies room is my granddaughters favorite room in her doll house.she palys with it all the time ! great fun !
i bought it for my babe , she just started play that , it's so so , i don't see she liked it so much .
this was our first cleo doll in our monster high collection and the child was beside herself with happiness . her mommy too as the price was just perfect .
we love our american girl doll and anything that goes with her . these fit her great , and she has more then one now .
brand name , cartoon character , talking doll , entertaining to pre-schoolers , good imagination toy , a bit more than i wanted to pay , quality is good
was smashed quickly.computer components wore out easily.dont waste money.my son is 3 ... maybe better for older kids perhaps ?
my toddler son likes it , sometimes , and it's made tougher to had his abuse but we have tablets and he'd rather play with those .
this is a great toy in and out of the water . although mold does grow , it's relatively easy to take apart and clean .
got these and the guns for my grandsons and can't wait to go see them and play in the pasutre .
i got this set for a 4 yr old who loves it . the shoes are awesome she says ( they are ! ) well made !
yet another webkinz we were unable to find locally . my daughters love webkinz and the stormy dragon made a nice addition to their collection .
thomas the train set is great . both for girls and for boys . best thing is that it can easily be used in traveling .
these were a gift for my e granddaughter , she plays with them all time . i got the rest of the characters for her on line .
my 3 year old loves this play doh set . even her older sisters play with her some . play doh and princesses = fun !
hard to move takes expert percison and still hard to move are around . kids like it to throw ha ha ha
daughter loves these . even though she isn't old enough to really understand she uses them as a teething toy ! :)
works as it should , no problems whatsoever ! a definite must have unless you want to spend a fortune on batteries !
this product was loved by my kids . they still play with this and its a yr later ! great gift idea ! !
i bought this for my 11 1/2 month old grandson and he loves it ! great value for a great learning table ... fast shipping !
the top piece broke off with a little light play . i just glued it back together , but it can't swivel anymore .
bought for 3 year old granddaughter . lots of fun for her and 5 year old sister . well made and great imagination play .
gave this to our nephew who loved it . could not wait to put together with his friend . great gift for a lord of the rings fan .
my nephew is an 11 year old tough , rough and rowdy boy . perfect gift for christmas.perfect shopping on line experience .
easy to play , but encourages strategic thinking . good for almost all ages . can play in a fairly short amount of time .
got this for my 2 yr grandson . he adores trains , and we wanted safety and durability . this item fits all of those requirements . perfect !
birthday present for grandson , he loves all legos , and this was no exception , it got here in good shape and on time .
fantastic price , really durable , easily attaches to the set played with for hour with no cracking or problems can't beat it !
my kids love it . just with it came with extra balls cause they will be lost fast . the box its stored in could be better , too .
very good quality toy that my son enjoys playing with . he fills it up then dumps it all out , repeat .
my daughter loves this little puppy . she has no problems holding it and moving across the pages . only downside is having to download every book we buy .
my daughter loves it . it is soft and snuggly , well made and a great stuffed animal toy for my daughter .
i save this for airplanes and doctor's offices . times when i need a quiet , self contained distraction for my toddler . fits the bill .
she set this up right away , sturdy product , fits quite a few items . help gets all the little items off the floor .
words cant describe the fun we had vacuuming up all different kind of bugs we found in our backyard ! fun and educational at the same time !
this game is great for travel but also for littler ones who want to play but marbles are too small for choking hazard . totally recommend this !
we got this train when it was on sale for around $ 5 , my boys love it and have had fun since we got it .
our daughter builds with everything , especially k'nex and loved this item right away ! excellent item .
henry the green engine by fisher-price is a well-made toy and my grandson was very happy to add it to our growing collection of thomas ' engine friends !
very nice armbands , they work great for my grandson , as he's learning to swim , i would recommend these . better than plastic ones .
our 5 yr old granddaughter is happy with this and loves the animals . very good set with animals not usually found in sets .
love this kid kitchen . it looks great and is very functional . it was easy to put together , although it took a couple of hours .
got this for my nieces christmas . she has an american doll and she absolutely loved this outfit for her . fit and color were perfect ! very cute !
this is one big set and has wonderful little figures with it . my grandsons are having a great time playing with them .
i purchase this letter flash cards for my daughter and it's very educational and she love to play with thus i'll recommend this to anyone .
they are dice , just like the ones in the core set . nice to have but not necessary to play , more like convenient .
havwe not seen my 2 yr old granddaughter but i'm sure she would like this item . i cannot give anhonest answer . please do not ask me again .
great addition to any " melty bead " collection . my daughter is a big fan , and likes the variety of the animal shapes .
the kids enjoy playing with these . the only complain i have is the box should be deeper so the outfits fit back in the box easier .
my kids liked this as they could treasure hunt for particular shells or add coins . solid purchase i would say .
if you want a great lego set to put together , get the white house worth the money . and it was fun to put together .
i bought this for my 5 year old granddaughter . she loves it ! the colors bold and beautiful . i would definately recommend it to a friend .
she doesn't come with a brush , so it's really not that great dealing with her long hair until you get a brush .
great puzzle and clock . very sturdy and lots of learning tools . everything that i expect from melissa and doug brands .
they are the perfect dolls for little hands . they work very well with my niece's new dollhouse . she loves them !
fun gift ! we got these for our nephews and they love them . we got them a few books to go with it !
poor quality . it was broken in the first week we got it . my daughter had fun with it until it was dropped by mistake & it broke .
my son and daughter like they tablet but they still like to play with my laptop but they enjoy playing and learning from their smart tablet .
this toy assortment was perfect for the goody bags for my daughter's 4th grade class christmas party ! a big hit !
bought this for my grandchildren . they love to play these games with us and their cousins . keeps them busy for awhile .
its a makeup kit for kids . its a nice product for that " girly-girl " ... comes with a scetch pad for practicing
i brought this for a christmas gift . my grandson and son love playing board games so i am hoping they will like this one as well .
this was fun for our son for awhile . he eventually got bored of it , but it did provide some entertainment with a little educational value .
this was for a donation gift and it was one of the cutest bears ever ! i'm sure it's making a child very happy somewhere .
well made and thought out , this simple truck has rapidly become one of my son's favorites , cant recommend more highly .
perfect for ice skating costumes for the 18 " dolls . the girls love them and how they complete the costume of choice .
i don't get this plush toy , but the grandson likes it - 8 years old and minecraft lover !
minnie has some spots on her , doesn't matter to my child but it matters to me since i paid for it ...
a fun game for a smaller gathering of adults . lots of fun and really makes you think so you can win the game .
this toy grows with your child . mine has used it for hours , loves the songs and the music and seems to rediscover it every few weeks .
my daughter has the leapster leap pad and my son told me dad i want the gs so i get him one
i owned this game as a child . loved it then , love it now . i play it often with my husband and children .
my granddaughter loved this outfit . it made her very happy and she shares this outfit between her dolls . good buy
love cotton lops over nylon onesgood quality but could be a tiny bit thinnergreat colors but want white added
absolutely terrible sound quality . while the remote feels solid enough , the different sounds it makes are of terrible quality . way overpriced for what you get .
lots of colors . very happy with the bands selection . works perfect with the loom i purchased for grandson . will buy again .
this was very well made and the kids love playing with and imagining they are driving the car carrier all the time .
fun and educational . i love watching them figure this out . such a fun learning experience . my kids are 3 and 4
this toy was one my daughter requested for christmas and has been enjoyed for hours already . this classic toy is still fun for everyone .
easy to assemble if you have a strong back , short fingernails , two people , and a lot of patience . not for arthitic grandmothers .
good set of duplos . good price for the quantity of duplos--better than any deal i could find at the stores .
this toy was a great buy for my one year old and has great music and different music and tunes . is wonderful for the kids !
must have for any fan of the original 66 series . figure is very close to the penguin . brings back good memories .
the stories are simple and my grandson makes us re read them . he is beginning to recognize words and we only got it for christmas .
well made and attractive kid's version of the classic game . simple to learn and fun to play . my 5 yr old loves it .
very interesting toys ! my young son 3 years old spends a lot of time playing with it and having fun
isn't she so adorable . lovely , soft color . goes well with the pink jungle girl's room . very satisfied with this purchase .
this was ordered as gift for grandson , who loves it.made a great addition to his castle fun.he has had loads of imagination games with it .
i bought this for my grand daughter it fits all her games and the leapster . it is very easy for her to handle
we put this away for awhile , and substituted the thomas train trackmaster series instead . it's a little larger and simpler for the little one .
our grandson sure loved this for christmas in 2011 . he played with it for a long time . it lets your imagination run wild .
this was a birthday gift . granddaughter loved it . perfect for the toddler age . good and sturdy for small kids and they love the colors .
difficult to put together and very easy for my twin girls 2.5 yrs old to take apart ! screen in windows is already torn .
fun product while it lasts , but it's very small and has small parts , so it breaks easily . good thing it's fairly inexpensive .
i love these sticker books . my children have had several different kinds , so we bought these for my nieces , the girls ages 4 - 11 loved them
this is a great learning toy . colors , shapes , counting , plus hand / eye control with the tongs makes it an all around great buy !
bought this as a gift for a friend's elf . it is really adorable and she loves it ! glad i bought it for her !
purchased for my daughters best friend as a birthday gift . never bought a pillow before but we love the orb factory products !
my 6 yr old loves loves loves this . she loves to play school so this was perfect . much better than expected
i sent this to my grandson for christmas and my son said my grandson could not stop play with it . he loved it !
wow ! this really is a must have family game and is perfect for any occasion . buy it . heaps of replay value .
well made , hefty piece . very sturdy . great educational tool and kids love it , they think its a toy and fight over it .
these boots were the perfect match for the " love shirt and denim skirt " outfit . watching our granddaughter open these special outfits was a delight .
my grandson loves this ! he is really into super heros . the helicopter is his favorite ! it's a great bonding experience helping him put lego's together .
this is a cute toy and has a lot to interact with . very durable , very loud though i wish the volume could turn down a tad bit
great game . i have 4 kids ranging from 7 to 15 years old and we love to play this game .
it's a chrstimas present we are sure she will love it , she loves to play her mommy's guitar she will get chirstmas morning
this is a great product and my son loves it . i however seem to be buying new batteries everytime i turn around .
my child loved to pay with this item at first but she lost interest in this really quick . she outgrew this toy very quickly ...
another gift for my " doc mcstuffins " fan . this is smaller than i imagined but still cute and a favorite character from my granddaughter's favorite show !
i read some other reviews that the magnet was not strong enough to hold the load for very long , but we have not had that problem at all .
the glittering skin on this ghoul really gave her that icy look and her little fur embelishments give the perfect snow bunny look .
durable , sparkly and simple : perfect for your two to three year old . absolute best is that the hair doesn't tangle .
i mean come on ! a view finder how cool is that to have and its complete with all your favorite disney characters great toy ! !
another three in one lego success . my seven year old managed the construction challenge well with just a tish of help from his older brother .
my grandson loves this game . it was a gift that he wanted for christmas last year . he was very happy to receive it .
these tops spin really well . my students like to play with them . i give them as a token for good performance .
i was not with him to see him put it together but he was elated when he unwrapped the gift .
nothing wrong at all . with order.my son loves it . with all the other new moon toys.and dolls . couldn't be better .
awesome toy 2.5 yr old plays with everyday no issues . very durable ! ! goes great with the fighter . rip slinger broke after 5 days .
wow ! this is so cool ! it looks like a real cat almost ! cool ! ! !
all of these are great . this one is the longest and probably the hardest . hours & hours of fun . brilliant !
i had a similar board game in my childhood and it reminded me of that one.we spent hours and hours playing in family reunions lots of fun
granddaughter loves this little girl , daisy the cow , and so soft and cuddly . small enough to display where it doesn't get in the way .
it was a amazing productit was so much fun tofly it flow like a champit is a truly amazingproduct .
ariel is not only a mermaid , she is a regular girl ! she's pretty both ways with her bright red hair .
we already had diamond steve so this was a must ! the two figures are the same size so the accessories interchange .
our six year old grandson who play chess loved it & was proud to have his own set.it is beautifully made . amazon ' s service was great .
lagoona is a doll ! this lagoona is different than the others . night out lagoona has the best hair by far . 5 stars for lagoona !
my 4 year old grand daughter loves the game of looking for certain objects . we had a great time playing together , but definitely needs an adult guidance .
she picked it out herself so there should be no problems . the legos different play sets seem to be very in amongst the kids
i enjoy playing cards and this is an easy one to play with the kids . they get faster each time while learning shape , color and quantity recognition !
we love plan toys ! this is another excellent product . very high quality , durable , and fun .
bought these because my son loves blocks . they were a little bit smaller than i expected but overall good quality .
i recommend it as it works fine and for a 10-12 year old its still a good option . love it
i bought this off the christmas list for my granddaughter . she loved to get it for a present at christmas .
our grandson pulls himself up on the back handle and walks behind the car . he is able to sit and scoot along . very durable toy .
our two toddler daughters and infant son absolutely love this toy . they play with it daily . great buy and much better price than in the store .
bought this for a 4 year old . he was thrilled with it . he likes the characters that came with it and plays with it all the time .
my daughter loves her elephant and he joins us at tea parties all the time . she is big into stuffed animals
we loved it ! so much so that we had to order the card game version . this is definitely a game everyone should have in their collection !
we didn't like this one as much as the pig or the red bird . wasn't as clear and loud as the rest .
great gift . note this version has smaller parts than some other versions seem to have . we love this as a gift .
this is so adorable . i bought it for my grandson . i will give it to him for christmas . i know he will love it .
the kids like to play with it but not go crazy about it . it's for the little kids and they can play about 5-10 min .
my children love haba toys . i say it over and over again they are the perfect size and scale for little hands and play kitchens .
this workbench doesn't grab the attention of my one year old . perhaps he'll enjoy it more when he is older .
it's fun and relaxing to do; it's been many years since i've done this , and i am enjoying it immensley !
these are an assortment of small snakes , great for boys parties , i'm using mine for mardi gras throws , i think kids will love these .
great price for this new likeness of wedge . it looks great in my diorama . this was a nice re-do ofthe original figure from back in 2007 .
a great addition to your vtech v . reader . i wouldn't have a reader without the addition of this equipment . happy shopper .
my grandchildren were given a play kitchen , but needed play food for it . i was very satisfied with this product .
even my great-grandson loves this - - it's not girlie ( though girls would probably love it , too ) - - adorable , colorful , well-made ...
wasn't as fun as i thought it could be . not bad but my son was bored with it
wish that it was a bit heavies , feels like it could easily snap in half . my daughter likes it though .
got this guy with a few other bush baby's and used them to decorate a little girls jungle themed room ... looks good , and hasn't been broken yet
i bought this for my 7 year old neighbor for his birthday , and his mom said he really likes it .
we needed replacement dice for several of our board games . these were very inexpensive but good quality and the different colors were helpful too .
kids love these legos . they follow the directions which seem easy enough to follow and then play with the legos for hours afterwards .
this was given as a gift as a request from 3 boys 5-6- and 7all like leggo and like this setworks well with their other leggo setswould recommend this
these fruits look amazingly real ! my daughter loves to play with the strawberries . great gift for a 2 yr old
this was about a 5 minute project for the money , it looks good but does not take a lot of time .
my child loved it and spends lots of time taking it apart and putting it back together . this was a good one .
very sweet doll . i got it for valentines day . but shoes break easily . older girl doll . i recommend it to 8 and up .
i bought this for one of my nephews for christmas because it was something he really wanted . he loves it , he's happy , so am i =)
got this for my almost 2 year old for christmas and he loves it ! always playing with it ! great size for him !
all duplo is wonderful but the story book and building the caterpillar as you read is a really good idea and product .
my grandson requested this lego set and on christmas morning had the whole set put together in 5 hours he loves it
suprisingly fun . simple , quaint . great for younger siblings and adults . would be a really good camping game for all ages since it is small .
awesome toy my little one's have learned how to take it apart and put it back together again . really well built toy highly recommend this toy .
our 8 year old son wanted a journal with a lock . this was perfect for him and he writes in it daily .
my 3 year old loves this puzzle . not too hard and i love when puzzles are durable . sturdy for toddlers to play with .
this games is super basic but actually pretty fun for the whole family - not good if you have high blood pressure !
my three kids played with this for 2hrs yesterday quietly and there was no arguing . ages 3 , 5 , and 8 .
my 17 mo old daughter loves playing with these in the sandbox . very durable and solid construction . they are the envy of the park !
lego just keep the little toys coming and i just keep buying for my granddaughter and neighbor boy and they keep loving . them .
gift for christmas for an artistic four year old . she has enjoyed many hours of entertainment . this works well on their i pad .
if your child or grand child loves thomas they'll love this game . my grandson was so excited , he couldn't thank me enough .
my 5 year old got fr christmas . he didn't love it , but its good quality . he liked the figures it came with .
super cute game ! my then 4 year old easily grasped it . it's similar to hi ho cherry-o but with bigger pieces for little hands .
i bought this as a gift for christmas . love it very cute . i would highly recommend . the price was very good
this was for my son's christmas ... he wanted the entire collection ... price is a little stiff when you buy 7-8 different actions figures ...
probably my mistake for getting it for her , but it was a little too complicated for my 6 yo .
we had so much fun as a family playing the original game the we decided to buy the european version . looking forward to playing it .
perfect for grasping and hand manipulation . my 8 mo old grandson loves it . cant go wrong with this toy for children .
my son loves this toy . it makes really cool sound and is easy for him to put on his wrist himself .
good toy for an 8 year old girl , it works just fine i guess with any bike and has good quality
nothing beats educational toys that are fun and still require use of the imagination ! decent quality items , great variety and lots of fun !
this was a excellent addition to the thomas the train / brio train cars and tracks i collect for my two year old grandson . he really loves this .
my 5 year old pirate enthusiast loved getting this telescope . quality is good . i added a brass compass and pirate hat to create a pirate set .
i have the alex art table and got this refill roll when our paper ran out . fits perfectly but doesn't have a lot of paper for the cost .
this balls are so big for ball pool . and easily crushed .. also smell was so strong . i will not buy again .
this is a great size and a great buy ! my nephew loves his big boots . this is a great addition to his collection .
i just was not happy with the overall look it had way more plastic then i anticipated . i went with a different doll after receiving this one .
my grandson loves dora . he follows along , naming characters and items . great for language development skills . easy to use with the reader .
the think fun math dice was ordered to make math fun for my granddaughter as she is having a little problem with her math skills
these are very pretty colors and they fit all sizes . wanted some for kids that were right for all and found that the adults can wear them too .
my granddaughter asked for the crayola set , but it was more money and fewer pieces . i hope she isn't disappointed , but it looks great to me !
already starting to see the difference with my memory . plan to continue using this to further improve . i'm excited to work toward being more mentally fit !
who wouldn't love this item . it has made my grandson so happy . i highly reccomend it to anyone . all legos in fact . :)
i think this was a nice gift . it encourages learning in a very good way . keeps them involved . love it .
i really like the looks of this power digger . i bought it for a present for one of my great nephews for christmas .
bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter . it is very well constructed . she plays with this every day . people ate sold separately .
grandchildren love this game and we like to play it often . i would recommend it to everyone . thanks very much .
love this doll . loved her hair and it was a great price for people who want a fun doll for their child .
my granddaughter loves webkinz and wanted this for christmas . he was thrilled when he got it . material smooth , but durable .
it was a great surprise for my daughter on christmas morning and months later still holding up . very happy with the purchase .
bought these for a zombie rpg i was throwing together . great quality and an excellent price , would gladly recommend to a friend .
so great i had to buy 2 . we love building legos and these are great , lots of fun and creativity here
i wanted to get some more ethnic dolls for the girls to enjoy , and they love this little baby.it is just so cute , and everyone enjoys here .
this puzzle keeps a childs attention as due the colors . easy to handle for little fingers and teaches all the animals on the farm .
these are very nice . we've had one before and decided to go with another one . they last a long , long time .
my grandchildren three and six have totally enjoyed this game and will play it many times over the next year .
my daughter received these little people little wheelies and she loves them and for the price i paid it was a bargain compared to store prices !
this bey is a knockout - literally . strong with cool adjustments . my kids just love this bey . very difficult to defeat .
purchased for grandson for christmas present.he has been camping with it since it got it ! item arrived on time and just as described !
this was a really fun gift to give , it was a great buy and the kids have loved playing with it .
my neice is very happy with the governor action figure . she is a big fan of the walking dead series .
this was hit this christmas . my son has not stopped playing with it , this table works with all the popular trains and cars . just a bunch fun
my son plays this at nana and grandpa's house and loves it . it is great for entertaining and working their brain ! mom loves playing this with him !
great little toy . my 9 month old son loves it . no batteries needed , so just a quiet toy that keeps him occupied .
he doesn't move for crap . only thing that makes him worth it is his height . if you just wanna pose him standing this is for you .
a little too small . it need a flat , smooth surface , and a large area to run . and most importantly , strong and direct sun light .
a few of the cubes do not snap together well . they drop away and cause some frustration . otherwise a great math manipulative for a decent price .
this is super cute . i like all of the tactile elements . i only wish there were something to count rather than just hearing the songs .
cute cards . same quality as any other deck . my daughter loves puppies and she enjoys playing with these cards and looking at the cute puppy photos .
a game of guess who in a board game version . my 6 year old daughter enjoyed it very much ! the headbands make this game exciting .
easy to put together which is always a nice surprise . my 3 year old daughter likes the toy a lot .
molly is ready for any weather in her new pink boots . she sports them when playing with friends or going shopping for matching outfits .
my 9 year old says this is awesome . it is a larger nerf gun but looks great and my son says its very accurate !
this is really cool for a little girl . we live on the ms gulf coast and have sandy soil . she loves toting that and also her smaller toys
for a toddler it works great , but it is also very noisy . just be aware there is no water . xx
luv that i finally got her with the rest of my collection that i have gotten over time and the many more that are still coming .
love this product . i want to order more and more so we can build a city . my 3 yr old loves playing with it
prettyeasy puzzle finished in 15 min by 6 yr old girlsthey finish the castel with great skill go girls
a fun holiday gift for the thomas the train cartoon watchers . my grand sons take them to bed at nap time .
isn't extremely well made , but even with the low-quality my daughter still spends hours playing with them . we have many " picnics " worth the price .
these are for my sons b-day pirate party . good alternative to a traditional party hat . i am happy with the purchase .
this is a great toy ! real smoke , easy to maneuver , sturdy , and simply entertaining . a must-have for any thomas lover
if you're child loves thomas , this is a great addition to any thomas collection . my kid loves toby . plays with his trains each and every day .
grandkids love the play figures and the show ! ! the figures are very durable and fun to play with . great product .
it is what it is which is what i wanted . cheaper than elsewhere so why not ? hope this finds you well !
this camping kit was awesome . the light up tent was a hit with the kids . we completed the look with the 12 - ct evergreen trees .
our kids played a lot with this ball outside and it didn't deflate like the other brands we have . i will probably buy another one next summer .
the assembly and structure of the toy seems passable but the variety of play is a bit limited , it wont keep their interest for all that long .
cute lil game , not as big as the regular perfection ; but that's what i wanted so she can work her way up to the big 1 .
granddaughter loved this . she keeps her doll in at night when it is bedtime . happy with the product . worth it .
vey realistic.she is not completely poseable , but great for a doll collector . my daughter and i have her displayed and sometimes play with her gently
my 6 year old niece loved her disney fairies game . i gave it to her for christmas . she seemed to love it !
our grand daughter loves it , nice size for a small child , but not for a bigger one over about 30 lb .
got some good use out of it . fun puzzle . the colors do come off the letters , though . a little disappointing .
this was one of the hopper balls that i purchased last christmas for a niece's children . i believed the kids enjoyed playing with them .
my kids love cats , and these are adorable . they look just like the picture and they hold up well to all the hugging , and cuddling .
this is a sturdy , well made , playset for kids . pastel colors make it look great too . would make a neat tea party set as well .
rochelle is a beauitful doll . my grandaughter loves it . the over all quality of this doll is great . your child will love it .
boring ! oh well . it wasn't too much of a hit in my household . but that's ok . x-mas time ya gotta get em !
we love this ! my son loves to make music and this is a great tool to use to do so .
it reminds me of the books and videos . i like pretending that i'm a pilot and flying passengers to interesting locations .
as usual i loved this item . my granddaughter is playing with it constantly . i will buy more of these for her .
what little boy doesn't want a fire truck train ? ! our son got this for christmas and likes it very much .
quality is great . paint is good quality paint . holds up to chewing on so far . my kids love the shnot out of em .
such a cute game ! i'm sure my nephew will love it for christmas ! perfect idea for a kid who loves angry birds and star wars :)
my children love these tablets . the look forward to bath time and watching the color swirl around the tub would definitely purchase these again
i am so glad i bought this instead of having to keep buying batteries . it lasts a really long time on a full charge . definitely recommend ! !
boba , jango , love them all . bought this for jango , droid is cheap , but jango is cool , never opened for collection only .
these are helpful for children , but pricey ! they are very thin and i'm not sure how strong they are , but we'll see .
easy to use , works as it says it should . i have an injury that makes blowing up balloons the old way painful , this is perfect .
got these for my 6 - year old son as stocking stuffers . he really enjoyed building them and incorporating the figures into existing star wars lego sets .
son likes it . pieces are smaller than i thought they would be , but it works well for our 4 yr old .
the play monster clompers are such a delight for my grandchildren to play with in the snow or in the sand or just to clomp around in the house !
my sons both love this set , and the quality is great . we would buy the other sets but lego has gotten stupidly expensive lately .
ok this is the weirdest game ever ! but hey my kids love it so thats all that matters right .
bought this for my son's 2nd bday . he loves clifford . it's very soft and the perfect size for him to hold and walk around with .
bought this to compliment a toy workbench . my son has a lot of fun with the tools - so does my 5 year old daughter :)
great price for so much paper , this is lasting us a very long time & is much cheaper than purchasing it from a store .
my son is 3 , i gave him for a present this batcave , he loves it , it is a safety toy , he loves it .
this looked like it would be something my grandson would love but i was totally unprepared for how small it was .
this is really nice but the eyes look crazy . the eyes are horrible looking and it is way overpriced overall my daughter loves it though .
my son has almost the whole collection and he absolutely loves it . he plays with it all the time . very good product .
these are as advertised and nothing more . if you need them then worth buying if you can get a decent price on them .
pretty nightgown and fit the doll well . my grandaughter loved it and pouts it on when the doll goes to bed .
i love firefighting legos legos favorite thing please fire and paramedi i hope to get more soon legos are fun
my son loved it ! he acts out the movie toy story . he took the pieces and stuck them on his pizza.what a timeless great toy .
my daughter has many different dolls . they fit almost all of them . my kid loves them . great buy . id recommend esp for the price
this is one huge truck ! the colors are nice . my nephew likes colors . this truck is not heavy for its size.this is a very nice product .
love the color so brow and really packs a punch of color in anything i create . makes it so fun to work with .
i bought this for a one and a half year old . you can play with it more than once and it keeps them busy .
my son love's lego . great deal and loads of fun for my son . i always buy legos . i recommend this toy
for costing next to nothing these are surprisingly realistic . i scared the wife right out of the package and she was not amused .
great price.once you install this - order another one.this is the most frequent part i've broken.nice to have a spare available .
schleich's reputation means quality . these figurines will be heirlooms with my grandsons . when i buy these as gifts , they are a hit .
my niece was so excited at christmas when i gave her these metallic pencils . i have been told she uses these pencils a lot .
the child was happy to receive . she put it together very quickly . it is small but a nice accessory to a lego building .
this is a great way to get inspired to write poetry and i love the words that were chosen to put on the magnets .
the toddler in our family enjoys the colors and stacking . she will play for a full hour just stacking and re-stacking .
this is well worth the money . it is nice looking & well-made . my 8 yr old son loves playing with it !
my 2 year old son loves this game ! very cute and educational . the characters are just like the tv show and my son loves that .
product color glass windows from scratch , the product is very good , also have no formal play , hoped no problem , will be more and more attention
i gave two bags to 2 little boys . they both love them . their parents say they love not only sleeping in them , but also playingthem .
looking at my old landing gear it was clear it was bent . i put this new one on and it sits great !
l love these candles i love that they are all different colors and that they light up that way very cool
i purchased this set for my daughter . she thought the color red looked good on them . they are a cool pair .
cute outfit for dolls , fits well and nicely made.very normal attire for kids these days and looks rely nice on doll.xe
i purchased these with a nerf n-strike radier rapid fire gun , nerf n-strike flip clip refill and my grandson loved it .
bought two of these . one is still working other only shoots a foot after two days of use . poor quality .
i got this for my daughter for christmas . she loves lalaloopsy and all of the lalaloopsy toys are so creative and fun .
these looked great on our 2 year old's construction themed birthday cake and really finished it off . i would buy them again in a second .
product quality and shipping was just as offered . these monster dolls are a hit , for playing , video recording and collecting ;) thank you !
came fast , great condition , cannot wait for christmas to come ! haven't given yet , but she is going to love , she is a collector !
bought this doll along with celo for my grand daughter for christmas and she loved them . they are well made .
my granddaughter loves this set . it's a very nice addition to the set she already had . she spends alot of time playing with all the different foods .
our grandson has been asking for this everytime he sees it advertised on tv . we can't wait until he sees it christmas morning !
my daughter loves olivia and she laughs out loud while playing this game . plenty of features in the game.highly recommend for any olivia fan .
great product for the price - had to buy a 2nd set of kid's tools for our house so he could help papa fix things .
bought this for my nephew and he loved it . just another nice option to draw with out paper , and mess .
these yellow are a nice color . they are the clear yellow ones so they look pretty neat for the kids when they make them .
this was the hit of the birthday party ! even the little boys older sister was caught playing with it the day after !
i ordered this for my granddaughter and she wants to play with it every time she come to my house .
i bought this for my nephew for his 10 year old birthday . he loved it . his 7 year old sister also loved it .
this was a christmas gift . the grandbaby liked it . he is at the age where he likes to build things .
i opened this set , somehow my boy doesnt like it as the gears are abit hard to link up and its quite boring
the skin works . it does really protect the ipad . it is easy to play while the skin is on . i like it .
we gave this to our grandson for christmas , and it's one of his favorite toys ! well constructed and bright colors ! !
christmas present for my daughter . she is obsessed with this doll . it goes everywhere she goes . wish they were not quite so pricey .
this is a great addition to our wooden train set . my two year old grandson likes this very much . it's sturdy and all wood .
4m tin can robot - love the educational value , daughter had it together and working good in about five minutes .
it's paper money ... not really a whole lot to review about . i now have little dollar bills all over my house . thanks educational insights !
you can never have enough of these , all sizes and colors are great , really helps hold creations togetherand you can move them
this case holds all 90 of my sons hot wheel cars . you can easily put two in one slot . it seems very durable as well .
this is a great case . it is very sturdy and protects the game unit quite well . there is space to hold 4 games . perfect .
gave as a gift for a 4 year old boy . i was told he liked . i love koosh products especially for the younger crowd !
the kids loved this set and put it together carefully and then played with the gas station for the week they were visiting me
this is a great cute product . little and big kids can play with this and enjoy it .
i would recommend this product . my grandson loves it . i really am pleased with all melissa and doug items . they are made so well .
this isn't the cheap paper card , it has the wax texture on it for durability . the reverse contrast is nice but isn't anything too fancy .
you play with others against the game . tons of fun and very challenging . if you love board games , you'll love this .
this gun shoots with rather amazing power and accuracy but be warned smaller children have a hard time cocking this gun on their own .
very clever new game from thinkfun - best creators if mind physical games . very addictive and fun . highly recommended to all puzzle lovers ! !
my kids liked the variety of colors . the glitter glue was a big hit with them ! the beads were fun too .
if you have an ultra , this is fantastic . keeps it protected and holds a bunch of games . love this and it's so much cheaper on amazon !
this is a great puzzle and helps with memory and coordinationfor young children . the fish and colors are fun .
these are good high quality puzzles and very large . they are brightly colored and fun for the kids to play with .
we were so excited when we set this up . so cute , but cheaply made and didn't last . we through it out after about 6 months . ;-(
i have a nephew that loves exploring the outdoors . i bought this for him and he loved it . great for kids
this product far exceeded my expectations ! she is beautiful ! the hair color is so vibrant ! a must have for any monster high fan !
this was purchased for my four year old granddaughter . she loves it . i will try to get the other ones available .
the toy is quite cool and my nephew liked it alot , but he got bored after a few days . overall good quality .
my grandaughter loves webkinz and wanted this for christmas . he was thrilled when he got it . material smooth , but durable .
it's priced low for a reason , it's not a terribly fancy rc car , but it's good for my two year old .
liked the set but it was missing the two screws to hook it to the table . i called the company and they are sending me a fix though .
the dream fairy finally came and instead of just one pink unicorn . she brings 5 and a castle . what a nice fairy .
i believe our granddaughter needs to be a little older to enjoy this game ; perhaps in another year she will be ready for it .
purchased as a gift and my grandson was thrilled with this one . he loves logs to build with so i knew this would be a hit .
a fun game for all ages ! ! ! great fun and learning all in one . highly recommend as with all melissa & doug items ! !
my daughter received this item for christmas . this car is very detailed and fully functional . it will fit up to 4 monster high dolls .
my boys loved getting these for christmas . but they don't stand alone to play on track , so have to set against something else .
just like i remember it as a little girl . my three year old loves this and makes for great family time !
i got this for my grandson and he seemed to like it . the only thing is seems a little cheap made .
these are very durable toys . my little grandsons went crazy for these . i highly recommend them . very colorful , as well .
i love useing these bands . they can be stretched with out breaking . i got colors that i havent seen in stores .
grandson loves playing with this toy . he gets to play in the dirt and he loves trucks ... this child loves to play outdoors ...
my daughter likes these finger puppets she throughs them all over the place . we have a great time with these .
fun time in the bath for my 2 1/2 year old and my 6 month old ! love the bright colors !
my daughter wanted twin dollies so i picked the boy and girl adora dolls . they are so sweet , smell good and are super cute .
this is well made , sturdy , and looks like it will hold up to rough play . i guess only time will tell !
this set was purchased for a 7 - year-old . she likes it a lot . it goes along with severalother lego sets . good purchase .
my 2yr old loves them . they have good quality and detail . he likes to feed em to his much larger dinasaur .
this is the cutest little toy . it will be a christams present . it is as pictured . i'm sure the girls will like it .
doesn't do a whole lot but i ended up buying a 2nd one for a gift because my 1 and 4 year old love playing with this !
my five year old nephew found this great fun and the cars make it especially appealing to little ones ! excellent !
my son love it . it works great and nothing more about it . price is cheap comparing to the local stores
even better than i was expecting . they fit in a party favor box easily and have really cute stickers and designs in them
waste of money ... kids were not into this at all ... don't know what i was thinking ! thought it would be funny but fell flat !
kids played once , not engaging whatsoever . even 2 year old tired of it immediately . game had so much potential .. .
this was a gift for my nephew . not too sure how it was received but it was a hit with the adults .
my oldest granddaughter asked for this for christmas . it arrived really quickly and was exactly as described . i am sure she will be thrilled
he is a boy who is 5 and he is been collecting all this kind of toys , ningajos , etc . so he love this great collection .
my kids have a lot of good imaginative fun with these characters . they love playing with them almost as much as on my phone .
this was a christmas gift . i paid more than it was worth , but when a grandchild really wants something you do your best to provide .
the color is a vibrant red which is what i wanted . i got this as an accessory piece to a pack and play st .
great buy good price . melissa and doug products are all great . wonderful detail and last forever .
this will be bday present . i like how is designed to be understood and used by younger children . i am happy with my purchase .
it is what it says it is . nothing more , nothing less . worth the price , and a must have with any nerf toys .
my 4 year-old son is crazy about this oneit's not only easy to built , it looks nice as well
its a great produce for the price . the kids love pretending with it because of its real look and box to put it away in .
this bey destroys all the american and almost all of the other 4d beyblades . i prefer it in attack mode but works pretty good in defense mode also .
this is a great likeness of the character from batman . the show was wonderful and so are these figures ! i bought the whole set !
i gave this to my grandson as a birthday present . he and his siblings have had a great time with it .
if your child loves madagascar , they will love this ! it has educational games , so their having fun without knowing that they are actually learning .
my son loves earning the little magnets for completing his responsibilities . it's a great incentive and so useful to have something to organize his chores !
these food items look like they belong in the real grocery store ! great addition for the little cook ! hope it brings enjoyment !
my son loves playing it he enjoys playing with his friends he likes popping the dice and seeing if he gets the dinosaur print
great for little ones to amuse themselves in the car .. easy to buy various slides for different interests / age groups , better than video's .
this toy's is a blast for the low price . take care of the batteries and it will last a long time .
there is nothing like a good came of munchkin . funn for many age levels . have enjoyed every game i've played .
we purchased this house to compliment the bat cave and other imaginext pieces we have . my son likes it very much - especially the trap door .
my grandson loves the motor cycle ! i enjoyed building it for him . challenging a little in the build of the car , but overall fun .
great detail and it comes with a good deal of things for the price love that it includes a bed for her pet
this was rather pricey for what it is . make your own sensory boxes with a plastic box . this really isn't that great and the accessories are flimsy .
my son and husband are minecraft addicts . also bought this for 2 of my nephews . 20 $ worth spent i'm now the favorite aunt .
these are adorable and i got mine online at walmart for $ 20 they sell at walmart for 40 usually so to me 60 is outrageous !
i should have known that this is 6 " only and i did not look closesly at the specs . however , it is sturdy little colorful bags !
this is a great quality dump truck , which has taken all kinds of abuse , and lives outside . it still looks and works great !
these dresses are pretty but not any better quality than the cheap dresses you would buy in a department store .
this is great for littel kids who ae beinging to read and sound out words . its easy to play with and store away.cute pictures .
love your products ! of course the boys used the hammer to hammer everything in site ! very nice puzzle . very good quality ,
i bought this for my son when he was one , he has had it for a year now and it is still one of his favorites .
pretty ingenious , and actually a lot of fun to put together . be advised , however , this lego project falls apart easily !
an inexpensive way to bring the angry bird trend into your home . plus it always makes me laugh when i hear the birds laughing in the sound effects .
ordered these for my granddaughter to play grocery store . they are very realistic looking and she has played with the day after day
my son loves his waluigi plush . he is very rough with all of his plushes and waluigi is still in good shape .
my son age 5 loves the mini games . couple of the games i have to explain how to win but he enjoys it anyway .
whats not to love about april from the ninja turtles ! well put together durable toy at a good price ! nice !
my son got this puzzle for his first birthday and he loves taking the pieces out of the puzzle . we are still working on putting them back !
stunning game my 9 year old nephew , 6 year old niece and 4 year old son love to play . give it a try !
this set is wonderful . great number of accessories and everything has a solid feel to it despite being plastic . great price too .
my daughter loves this plushy ! it is well made and you can't beat the price . i recommend this highly ! a + +
i bought two of these for 5 yr old kids i babysit.they are amazing learning tools as well as something fun to do together
very pretty addition to my daughters monster high doll collection i think it is one of her favorites . made to the same standard as all the others .
pretty much same design as from way back when i was a little kid . awesome.can ' t go wrong with this one !
this is an extremely handsome superman . very well made , not to fall apart like others . my 4 & 6yr old love it and so do i !
my 8 month old's favorite toy . he loves the lights , the buttons and most of all loves the music . he just dances everytime it plays .
this was the perfect addition to our lalaloopsy family . we love all of our girls , but this is one of our favorites .
this is a pretty cool add on pack the only complaint i have is the arms are heavy but i can deal with
i bought this for a neighbor and she went crazy ! the doll was so cute and months later , she still loves and plays with it .
when i ordered this , i didn't realize ( or read the fine print ) that is fits a smaller track , not the standard thomas / brio tracks .
the puzzle pieces are nice and big and can be used as pretend tools ! my toddlers love it , and they can put the pieces back together .
you get about one cent worth of plastic . no joke . talk about riding a fad . oh well . better luck next time .
perfect for teaching the alphabet to toddlers . my 2year - old twins both love it - - especially when the abc song starts playing .
this set of legos was a christmas gift for my grandson who is a big star wars fan . he loved it .
i love these little markers for my 2 year old son . he can play with markers like his brother without the mess !
this only worked for one day ! not a great gift for the age group that wants them ! very fragile - and dissapointing when they break so easily
not a jumbo as i had hoped but my nephew loves to color so it worked out great . good for all ages .
sufficient kit for the coloring book . would have been better if the color selection was wider . a pity the set is only good for the coloring book
this x-wing is an excellent addition to any star wars fan , it is a chibi style ship , the pilot is a new minifig
excelent quality and all is complete , this is beautiful and cool , all the specification is really , thanks i recomend it
my 11 year old daughter loves to hop around on this ball , we bought it close to a year ago and it is still going strong
this toy food and beverage set was one of the first toys our grandaughter returned to after opening all of her christmas presents .
she loved this one ... very pretty hair and dress . it is always great to get another barbie with a beautiful dress .
i got this for my son ( 4years old ) he loved it . plays with it everyday . it's a very nice toys i will definitely recommend it .
both of these toys are a must have for a toddler so buy them together and save yourself about $ 5 .
purchased as a gift for a stocking stuffer . seems nice ... will have to wait until christmas morning for sure ! will see ...
more characters for my little granddaughter's castle . good quality and great details on them . bought many more from same company
my son loves this toy . it was at a very fair price compared to toy store chains . i am happy with my purchase .
perfect ! great gift for my son ! he loves dinosaurs and i know he's going to enjoy his new stuffie ! very pleased !
i bought this as a christmas gift for a six year old girl . i thought she would love it but she did not seem to .
my granddaughter loves this doll ; she's really colorful , too . one of the few dolls that didn't lose favor fast . she's part of her growing collection .
nice big size , and doesn't let any paint bleed through ... even with piles of paint heaped on ! definitely a win .
these tricks are so much fun . i really enjoy learning them . the instructions are easy to follow . not good yet , but give me time .
i bought this for a friend's child not really as a shopping cart but more for toy transport . well it does the job and she loves it !
cute toy for a little girl . bought it for my niece for christmas and she seems to like it ! easy to control
my boys love racing their wheelies around the house and on the race tracks . they are so simple but great toys .
wonderful size , the grand daughter loved them . she can take them with her on trips or while visiting family . a + + +
this is absolutely perfect for a carrying case and play house . it is well made and holds your furniture and all your favorite critters !
this take-n-play track expansion is so cute and the price on amazon made it an excellent purchase . my son loves to watch thomas zoom down the spiral .
my 4 year old nice really had a good time playing with this . it kept her occupied for quite some time .
we use this for reaching numbers . my two year old likes it and its easy to work with . i recommend it .
legos are so wonderful ! great for all children ! the motorcycle is just like grandpa's so this is so so special
... thick . perfect for tiny hands to grip . colorful and great shapes . the kids are going to have a lot of fun with these .
both my 4 year old and month old love to play with this together . may cause fights sometimes , but it is a toy loved by all .
great detail . mcfarlane does such wonderful work and anyone who is a walking dead or daryl dixon fan would be happy to have this in their collection .
the actual " treasure chest " is very small . the outfits would fit an infant or baby doll . disappointed because this was a christmas present .
my daughter loves this little bunny , i got it for easter and she just loves it . she sleeps with it .
i bought this for my nephew because he was having trouble in math . he enjoys playing this and it helps him learn at the same time .
what an amazing bright toy . my toddler twins love it and fight over it . i will be getting other green toys products .
i bought this for my 11 year old niece and she was sooo wanting one . she just loves it and immediately sat down to use it .
bought this for my friend's son who was turning 1 . he loves it . pieces are nice and big . bright and colorful .
lego ninjago jay's storm fighter 9442 was a great selection for my grandsons birthday . fast shipping ! i would definitely purchase again .
they did a good job with this toy , it's very durable ( slightly more than i had hoped for even ) . i am very pleased .
it was her gift for christmas and she loves crafts . so when everything was settled she got this out and made some for all of us .
my two grandsons 4 and 7 both adore these blocks ! a real hit and well worth the money . usually meed to buy more than one package .
paper kind of speaks for itself . it's a nice product and the paper is slightly glossy . i'm sure my brother will love it .
perfect for kids , this is very sturdy and can be used by any age . very very happy with the buy .
it's eactly what we thought it would be . small enough for a 2 year old to carry which is perfect .
great price for the quality . these are hand puppets people not porcelain collectable dolls . they are perfect for puppet theater
my daughter loves her lalaloopsys and this guy was too cute to pass up . he's a great addition to our lala family !
honestly , this is not interesting and it doesn't do much . then again my daughter has no interest in pretending to play a guitar .
my son 2.5 loves this set.he wants to play with it every day.set has many parts that makes it interesting to play withi would recommended .
just the right size that you can easily bring her and the others out with you . the kids love to play with it .
they are really nice shoes that fit the american doll . my granddaughter will love these shoes for her american doll
my toddler nephew loved this the moment he received it . he doesn't stop playing with it . it has quickly become one of his favorite toys .
my son got this for his 1st birthday and loves playing with it . it sounds great and it has correct pitch .
i was disappointed that the box she was in was crushed . my granddaughter collects them and was disappointed the box was not in good shape .
the kids used these briefly but they are cheaply made and don't always work right . they lost interest fairly quickly .
i bought this for my son , he loved this metal beyblades ! ! beyblades bb119 japanese metal fusion death met our expectations
was a christmas gift . packaging was great and it looked like great fun for any kid age . i hope that my niece enjoys !
great toy - stands up well to several washing ( and drying cycles ) - great product !
got theses to store the millions of pokemon cards my son has . it worked very well . i'm sure would work for any baseball card sized cards
i bought this for my grandsons . they are big lego fans and big ninjago fans . they are 7 & 9 and both appeared very happy with it .
i think i have more fun with these than my daughter . she loves building walls and knocking them down . so far they have held up pretty well
my 3 yr old loves this doctor set , so many fun pieces . she will play with it for an hour which is big deal in 3yr world ,
your children will love this toy . you will not . make sure you don't have any priceless china in the same room as children operating this toy .
this can be played as a team and helps to promote working together . we used this in second grade and it was a winner .
i do the elf on the shelf in my classroom and i can't wait to do some of these activities next year !
got it for my grand daughter age five , she can load and shoot it . she loves it .
expensive for such a small set but my son likes this lego set and has had a lot of fun with it .
my neice loves all things barbie and this is just one more doll to love . it came right out of the box . she likes the reversible outfit .
its a great game for children under 8 yrs old , our kids have a blast with this game . we are so glad we bought it !
got this for my grand daughter for christmas . it is so cute . very happy with it . great for any little girls that like minni mouse !
my daughters love these dolls , they can't stop plating and asking for more of them . this one was nice and they loved it
this is a great toy and is holding up well . my grandsons love to give rides in the school bus to their " people " toys .
bought these as a gift for my neice and she loves them ! they looked like a nice quality too :)
our toddler loves playing with this ball . it's the perfect size and weight for her to practice her kicking and she loves the pink color ! quality ball .
i have always loved this toy , and now my son does , too ! i would buy this for a another child .
my daughter in law had one when she was little and wanted her daughter to have one . it was perfect .
great gift , my 6 year old played with these for hours ~ as a matter of fact our whole family had fun with them
this version of the blue decepticon jet is a must have for your foc collection , he uses his double barreled weapon to battle his autobot enemies
grand daughter very happy ! unfortunately received same one from her aunt ! great minds think alike ! she loves the monster high series .
these are small , but perfect for a 2.5+ year old ( with supervision . ) my toddler loves to use these to practice counting and sorting !
this is slightly differently sized than my daughter's other barbie dolls . so , the shoes are not interchangable.the dress looks nice
i have a romantic dinner planned in like four mintues and i need to light these candles she won't like the cars their pretty sick tho
grand kids enjoyed playing with this .. dont know that mom is real happy about it .. but it sure brought a lot of smiles to the kids
i was able to pick this up for $ 15 just before christmas . the set is as advertised and is a great buy at that price .
my daughter lves to make designs with these . they keep her quite entertained and there is no messes made while playing with them !
the whole family loves this game . i almost didn't purchase it because i thought it was to close to the cherry game .
this is a fun game , picked it up on a gold box deal of the day sale and the price was right .
my 2 year old son loves spider man and when he opened this he was overwhelmed by excitement ! ! ! its the perfect size and very durable .
my two and half year old girl loves these blocks :) very happy we bought it because they are well made and very well sanded .
castle was just what we expected . color was great . granddaughter loves it and anything ariel . would buy this again and would recommend it to friends .
grandson love the make his airplanes , who knows he mind be came the next pilot the way he likes to make airplanes
we love this game ! we memorized the cards pretty quickly though and would have appreciated more cards , but what a great game !
who doesnt love a glo worm ? this one is special because it plays music too ! babies love the lights and the music . very cute
these are cute but pretty cheaply made . they don't really hold my 2 year old sons interest for very long .
cute . these are so adorable . i know my grand-daughter is going to love them and she will have hours of fun .
returned it . no longer the one pictured in the photo ( the pink and yellow pair ) . now much flimsier and doesn't work well .
it is really just the cards but they are interesting and fun and apply a whole new randomness to the game
i bought my 8 year old son all the figures available for minecraft and they are all very well made and he loves them !
this was purchased as a gift which has yet to be delivered to the recipient . at this moment i have to believe all is ok .
just what i was looking for ! my 3 year old loves it . easy to operate , durable and easy to set up .
fun tent that basically pops up easy assemble . which makes it easy to put away afterwards . good quality for the price and easy to ship for grandbaby gift
my ten year old granddaughter really liked this kit . she got two of them for her birthday and didn't even mind !
thomas wooden railway stuff marks things up way too high - i assume to pay for the rights to the thomas branding .
i have twin 2 year old granddaughters so i purchased two of these . the twins love them as well as their 4 year old sister .
we are working on learning the states and capitals with my 3 year old grandson so this works great to facilitate this .
i bought this for a gift but i want one for myself ! i love the nostalgia . the characters capture the personality of the stars . genius !
the little boy that we bought this for his birthday ; just loved it . he plays it all the time with his parents .
daughter loved them ! we purchased these with some shoes to go with her barbies . the crowns seem to fit the heads well .
purchased as a gift along with the makeup portfolio and the fasion design portfolio and the interior design sketch portfolio . recipient appeared to really like them all .
nice idea good relaxation but after 3 days battery need to be replaced , maybe because of some magnetic field around the toy
we love all papo products , especially this shark pirate , along with a zombie like bones pirate guy . my son is 6 and enjoys these a lot .
i miss the doll , i think that the doll is included but i will buy it for my baby girl , she will love it ,
my 1 year old niece liked it much this toy . do not leave . i think it's very interactive and educational . besides that the dog is very cute
my son opened this christmas morning and couldn't wait to start building , he really enjoys tinkering with things so it was perfect !
i love collecting dolls of my favorite characters . this peeta doll resembles the actors well . it's a nice addition to any doll collectors set .
i bought these for my daughter for christmas . she loved them . the colors were bright and they fit her barbies well .
this is his new favorite game for his leap pad . he is always playing it and it is teaching him shapes and math while he is having fun .
i bit tougher to catch for the young kids but easy for them to throw . price was right compared to most places and great for tailgating .
my nephew who i gave it to loved it and my other nephew kept trying to steal it ! i know he's going to have lots of fun .
this kit produces an absolutely beautiful art piece . my daughter was very proud of the outcome and we will be buying the butterfly marker kit next .
absolutely love my michonne figure . she has her bad ass persona and her katana in hand . can't have a walking dead collection without her !
son love the eagle and the flying motion the lever on the back gives the bird . it is well made and the guy comes with some neat accessories .
i bought this for ny great nephew for a christmas present so that he can start learing new shapes and colors .
this is excellent for the kid . mine played endlessly with this calculator and checkbook and wrote checks to everyone ! great little set for the money .
my daughter has had this toy for a year and half . she's 7 now and s still takes it down and creates circuits . smart toy !
my granddaughter carries this whenever she goes shopping . she changes the bags contents whenever she goes out shopping with her mother .
bought this for 4 year old grand daughter . she loved it . the blocks are a nice size for the little ones-and the animals are so cute .
my daughters love driving barbie all over the place . i had to buy 2 so they didnt fight over who gets to play with it ! !
i got this and it just turns its head from side to side . it is a very adorable toy , gave as gift .
got this for 9 yr old grandson , he and his dad have spent hours assembling and playing with this set . very happy with it .
perfect size for my 23 month old to tote around and snuggle with . she loves caillou and i love that this version doesn't whine or talk .
what an awesome addition to the four hundred stuffed animals my daughter already has he comes out to play every other day but boots needs his sleep too !
my 7 year old wanted this , it's cute the pump part doesn't work perfectly but i think she enjoyed it still . the baby doll is cute !
this works well , the best way to use it is to have someone else do it to you . it helps with stress and head pain .
got these to accompany a shopping cart i bought for a two year old . she loves to play with them .
this was a christmas gift , and my son enjoyed it very much , of course had fun building it , and all the play afterwards .
these dolls are natural and so cute , especially the baby . i recommend this family for if you have a doll house , as we do .
a gift for my six year old great grandson who is crazy about trucks and legos . would seem to be the perfect fit .
another great doll in this series . it seems as though the girls in our family cannot get enough of this series .
i was expecting a bigger figure but i cant complain i like it , i am an injustice fan , so its perfect for me
wonderful , wonderful gift . this was the tear open one for my nephew . he is the king of legos , but loved the idea of something new !
my grandsons love this easel . it is easy to use and helps contain their artistic creativity and little messes . you'll enjoy it !
my 9 year old loves lalaloopsy . these dolls are so colorful and modern and fun . she plays with it a lot and seems to enjoy it .
i bought this gift for my grandson , he loved it . he is at the age where he loves buckles . he does the buckles over and over .
very cute . perfect for small hands . great addition to his m & d other sand toys . can't wait to get it in the sand with him .
sent this to out-of-state granddaughter who's a first-grader . daughter reports this was a big hit with her : good variety & easy to use .
this book was great for little girls who just want a ton of stickers to put everywhere . a great pick for any small sticker lover .
my husband insisted on this item and our grandson out grew it very quickly . now it just takes up a lot of space .
my son can sit in the kitchen and do the same as me . cooking and mixing ! it is a wonderful addition to our play time routine !
very good toy for smallest ! we loved to play them a lot . perfect quality and long gameplay . would love to see more variations .
this was a gift for my grandchildren , they tell me it is a fun game . they are happy and so am i .
love these dolls ! they are so dainty , love their articulation options ! move over barbie ... there are some new girls in town !
very cute set , however our set was missing one of the vegetables . i have contacted the company to see about a replacement .
great toy for any young boys who have a fantasy with a super hero . also enjoying this with other toys .
my 9yo son loves ninjago toys and loves this dragon . it was easy for him to put together without any help .
very nice , but the pad should be a little smaller . it is really too big and not comfortable to use .
its great , especially if you play the game a lot ! keep your mind open and remember , it is only a game
this is a really fun and cool toy ! it's a pretty good size and detailed really well . it was delivered quickly and in great condition !
just something to twist and turn . simple stocking stuffer for those that are hard to come up with ideas for
this is bigger then what i expected . my son's have a great time playing with this and the other jake and the never land pirates toys .
my daughter loved this . we only wish the egg was real and came with more things . like more play food or dishes .
this toy lasted one day and start liking the water thru the battery lid , so it is not well constructed and dangerous
this version of spectra is lovely , the ipod connection is fun and this is great carrying case for the ghouls .
these are perfect paintbrushes for toddlers and young children . easy to hold . we use them with no-spill paint cups and it makes life so much easier !
my 12 year old nephew loved this ! the cave troll is really cool . looks as expected based on the cover .
a nice addition to our wooden train and track collection . fits with all the various train sets - thomas , chuggington , etc .
these were nicely painted and looked great ! my 1 year old nephew played with it for quite some time christmas day . i love melissa and doug products !
got this for my daughter for christmas . the light is surprisingly bright and these are made pretty well for an ' as seen on tv ' item .
this if our second game . we have one at home and one at the campground that stays with all our other games .
awesome figure , fun transformation and very good for collections . there are some many versions of it , but this one , i think is the most successful
we bought this along with the mirari roll and return ball toy for our 6 mos old niece .. she really loves it and plays with it often .
our two year old grandson loves it and uses it all the time ! this is his favorite with the bright colors .
very cute movie . my son loves watching chuck and all of his friends . bonus on getting a little toy to go with the movie .
my grand-daughter just loved this play set . she stirred and placed the lids on her little pots and pans with her new kitchen .
my daughter loves this , makes bath time fun , she has a blast making it change colors and seeing it change back ! ! !
crayola's chalk is a good quality product . the colors are very nice and the stick size easy to hold and use .
i am very pleased with this purchase . a great size for a 3 year old who likes to travel with a doll . well made .
my daughter loves this toy ! she's 9 months and loves to pull the bls out of the top . loads of fun !
exactly what i would expect from the thomas the train line of toys . solid toy , withstands being dropped , and tons of fun if you love trains .
reasonable price . good quality . my son loves his olaf plush ! i would recommend this product to a friend . arrived as described .
great colors , i wish they add brown to the mixes but so far most of them do not
we love this wonderful family game . great for kids and adults alike . it can be played in one on one or team competition
got as a gift for a child turning 2 . good age to introduce these blocks . he liked the set . enough blocks to build with .
the pump was of very low quality , i have not yet tried the ballons
if you buy the neo track these extra cars are a must . my 4 yr old son loves having the cars chase each other .
great tea set , very durable and cute ! washes well and is expected to be used for years . love all the colors !
i bought these for my daughter and i play with them more than she does . they are very well made , sturdy plastic and very realistic .
the sheriff is awesome . he is in charge of keeping lightning in radiator springs to finish the road.he is past his prime but is so funny !
great review . the children can easily work this puzzle on their own . i keep four of this same puzzle in a covered tub .
great learning toy and the 18 month old caught on early on how to work it . he stayed engaged with it on and off throughout the christmas week .
super adorable hats for a great price . they have been worn everywhere the past month and still in great shape . highly recommend .
i can't wait until christmas to see my neices faces when they get there doll house . their old auntie will probably be playing with it too !
my daughter loves this set for her stella doll . the magnet bottle works great and this set is played with often . i would recommend this very much .
my son got more toys than he should have this xmas and this is the one hes played with for the longest stretch of time . great product .
i bought this when my grandson was 11 months old for christmas . i don't think he's played with them yet but i love them ! ;)
my grandkids love to have toys with wheels on them . the monster theme is always a fun idea for a toy too .
this is adorable my 4 year old loves it the musical fireplace is soooooo cute , it makes me want to play dolls again lol
works , arrived on time , my 10 year old loves his refill darts !
i got this for my friend's daughters who is 6 years old . she loved it , because it was bit more matured version than what she has .
i have many melisa and doug puzzles like alphabets , numbers , sound puzzles . thankfully all of them fit in this case .
this was a great deal at $ 45 , however , i would not have paid $ 90 w / shipping no matter how much my children loved them .
monopoly is just one of those games that should be on the shelf in every families home for game night !
looks nice in concept , but my 10 months old baby didn't like it that much and it didn't help her learning to crawl !
all the kids enjoyed putting this on and taking them off . great party favor for the kids . great colors and very sturdy .
this was purchased as a gift for a child who loves dinosaurs and was quite cute . the movements of this toy is quite entertaining !
what i really like about this figure that it finally complete my avengers collection see i am a collector and its important to me to finally say avengers assemble
i have really enjoyed this rubik's twist but i did get the multiple colored one and would have preferred just two colors .
my kids love this , they like to re-arrange the iceing and then serve us cookies ! they can take a lot of abuse .
this was given to my son as a gift . this was a great addition to his angry birds collection . he loves it .
my 3 year old grandson is loving this toy and his one year old baby brother does too . i love the bright colors and popping heads .
our little batman is in love with the batcave ... lots of areas to play and make believe , one of our favorite lego sets .
i bought a few of these figures to customize . her articulations is pretty good and the joints hold a pose well .
i thought these were the larger size play dohs but they were tiny . my fault for not paying attention but my kids are happy nonetheless
this toy has made it through 3 months of play . my boys are pretty respectful of their toys , but they are boys . i would definitely b
my daughter some how broke it , i guess she pushed to hard or something but she loved it a lot
white mountain jigsaw puzzles are great for their variety of themes ; this one reminds me of the cereals of ole , most of which i still find tasty .
very good quality , i like the color and style of the dress , one of my american girl dolls can wear this dress ,
not made like the original years ago , but still lots of fun and new sound effects . a great game for great family fun !
my kids seem to like this . i do too because i think building toys like this develop the children's minds .
is exactly what is looks like , i wish it would make noise of some kind since it goes with the bubble guppies school .
they are othing exceptional - just what i expected though . they are perfect for stuffing goodie bags for birthday parties .
my neices loved them . i would definately recommend . they were the favorite gift at the party .
diamond select's marvel select brand almost always delivers and this one in particular exceeds their normally high expecations in quality . anti-venom is scary ! great job , dst !
this standard organizer is sturdy and great for keeping puzzles from being tossed everywhere . very handy and makes storage so much easier .
too small i thought it would be bigger but it was very tiny . not that cool is not satisfying at all
i haven't played this yet . its a christmas present for my son and i am looking forward to playing it soon .
for under $ 3 these are really cute . they are good quality . my son loves angry birds and these were a big hit at christmas .
green leap pad 2 skin cover . we use this on our leap pad 2 . helps protect the game when accidentally dropped .
this was a gift for a grandchild and they love legos . they had their eyes on this particular set and was thrilled to get it for their birthday .
perfect for the zombie-loving child or any zombie-loving adult still in tune with the kid inside them . ghoulia is a great addition to anyone's action figure collection .
have given this as a gift several times , and it is always a hit . good price point for gifts as well .
my daughter bought these for her american girl doll , fit is good , she is.very happy with them and i was happy with the price.compared to ag prices .
i love this learning game . my grandson is anxious to learn , ( not like him at all ) . the other children wanted to play as well .
exactly as described . my daughter is a huge m . h . fan and would have me buy every single doll if possible ...
perfect for my grandson to take his innotab anywhere & have it protected . good product at a good price . very happy w / this purchase
got this for my granddaughter before she started walking . now that she is walking she loves it ! she pushes her baby doll in it .
has many tools but not all are good for clay modeling and i used only few out of the whole set .
cute accessory to go with calico critters playhouse , but has lots , lots of tiny pieces . i'm afraid most will end up lost .
i got this for my great grandson to go with his leap frog , i'm sure it will make it last a very long time.cher
great one market / coloring book . it looks like magic . maybe that is why its so appealing.also a great way to keep a kid entertain .
cute addition to a childs beginning lego set . nothing too big , but good to have a grandparents house for a fun thing to do .
bought this item for a birthday party & it's really cool . the kids enjoyed it a lot & it's such fun
great book and makes a great stocking stuffer or gift for any young child . i highly recommend this book it is priced great too
it is a 9 hour ride from my house to my grandkids . hopefully this will help pass the time away . love it ! !
this was a big hit with my almost two year old grandson . it is really cute . it is a nice addition to the train set .
spencer is my sons middle name so that is why i bought him and love his slanted face . very cute train .
this a gift for my grandson . it came in in really good condition . he is going to love it ! can't go wrong with cars
hes he-man aka prince adam . amazin action figure this was a gift to a fan of he-man and he just couldnt express the gratitude
i have always had good luck with fp toys . the item arrived in good time and in great shape . i know my granddaughter will love it .
my two year old grandson likes this big black engine and detachable coal car . a nice addition to our thomas collection .
we recieved this as a birthday present . it is so cute ! my daughter loves it ! i plan on using this alot in the future .
this toy is great . such details included and fun to play with . cannot wait to see the faces on christmas morning !
your usually lego mini pack .. you rarely get what you want and they are overpriced but made the boy happy anyway
our daughter loved this when we gave it to her . duplo is duplo ! never had a problem with the quality nor pieces missing . happy customers :)
great quality . even holds up through the washing machine and dryer . my 3 year old and i both love it .
has been a great game for many years . purchased as a birthday gift for my four year old son . we love to play !
my granddaughter loves this toy . she's keeping herself very busy passing us the cakes for a nibble and loves pouring the tea .
what is the deal with this price ? this game is on sale on the leapfrog site for 7.99 . gotta love holiday price gouging .
ommmmm i thinck he loves it so much that he like playing games on there somethimes on it that games we gave him from here
bought this for one of my grandsons . he absolutely loves it . hasn't put it down or stopped playing with it since it arrived .
i bought this for my daughter because she loves to be creative and putting things together . this was a great gift idea for her and she loves it !
we love this game and play it often . i would highly recommend it as a family game . my kids love it too !
this was a definite hit with my twin grandsons and their cousins . we decided to get this instead of a swing set since the are all climbing monkeys !
my four year old really thinks she is donatello . she has played with this item nonstop . the price was great and the item itself was a success ..
the shark has been updated since i was a child . kit is cool with different pieces .
my son loves this cute cuddly guy ! it shipped in only 24 hours ! this is a great product for your own child or as a gift !
i bought this as a stocking stuffer . quite cute and plays sound fine , not very long but as expected . it's just cute !
even though the commercials are annoying , this is a very soft and cuddly blanket . the puppet head is soft and it seems to be well-made .
this was a halloween gift to my daughter ! she loves her plays with her everytime she plays with her dolls , would recommend.very detailed and worth it
my daughter loves these shoes . they stay on the doll feet just fine and they are really a great value .
this is a great puzzle for toddlers . my 12mo loves ' trying ' to fit the puzzle pieces back into the proper slots .
nice to see the newer princesses in the little people - was a birthday gift for a 3 year old and she was very excited
this is a great game . the animation is extremely good . i bought it for my grand daughter and she loves it .
these are teeny little rubber figures much like squinkies . they're no bigger than a thumbnail . but very cute and detailed !
this is a really nice set as the colors are so different . my grandson was really pleased with this set of bricks .
my sons want their plush toys to be exact matches of their video counterparts , and this little guy fits the bill ! worth every penny .
the batteires this thing goes through is unreal ! doll is not that particularly cute either as far as cuddly baby dolls go ! save your money .
i gave this to my granddaughter for christmas along with the unicorn pillow pet and she was so happy with both !
these dolls are just so cute , and yet again - my daughter loved this one just as much as her others !
leap frog is good to help improve children's reading skills . the book is for young books to keep their interest and teach to read ..
diamond pendant came as the image , unfortunately it broke while my boy is wearing it . perhaps the chain should be more sturdy for boys ?
these were perfect for the egg hunt at night the kids will really enjoy it they are the right size for the eggs and glow very nice
these are very cute but small . i ordered them for my daughter but will have to wait to use them until she is a little older .
i love it ! it's so cute and soothing . my daughter loves it and i love that there is a volume switch !
nicely made very sturdy she loved it ! xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx
great overall quality ! ! very happy ! arrived safely and in good condition . very cool figs . wish they would have made more of this line .
wow " tinier " than i expected . best to check the dimensions before your purchase :( guess it was my fault ... oh well
he loved it.and when a friend's , 10 - year old son came over , he was pretty impessed with it as well .
this a good activity for my grandson to entertain himself as well as play with his sister . i liked the foam balls with this activity .
i'm sure i will come to despise this little fur-ball , but my 6yo daughter loves it , so i am happy .
my eight year old nephew loved this kit ! he had a blast with it , and i would say that it was well worth the price .
fun game it was a gift to my grandson . he likes it and it had good reviews so i thought i'd buy it for him for christmas .
my little one loves this little tea set :) it's breakable , so i wouldn't want it for anyone less than 5 years old ( and is fairly calm )
this is a gift to my grandson . i think he will have lots of fun playing this interactive game with his family and grandparents .
very nice toy . good quality , very entertaining and nice ! i bought it as a present for a 2 year old girl and she loved it !
silly putty is always fun , can't really go wrong . it hardly sticks to anything . great toy to use during school .
i bought this and a frog for my boys for christmas . super cool toys until the hands rip off , which happened after about 5 times of use .
puzzles are always a great learning tool for kids and this is a wonderful one for little girls that love the princess theme .
i remember playing with this as a kid ! this is a great playdoh toy ! i prefer this to the big food sets .
this is one of my favorite penguin figures ! i am so pleased to have purchased this one ! plus the price was fantastic ! thanks amazon !
this is a nice lego set . my grandson plans to design lego sets when he grows up [ he is gifted child full of ideas ] ..
kids loved playing with them with other bug figures . they also used them with other toys used as attack of giant bugs
easy to get with my leappad .. this is a christmas gift , havent used yet but matches the leap pad 2 that i purchased
this is such a great set with not only lots of cool accessories but a doll too . a great deal and so pretty .
smaller than it looks . melissa and doug make good products for kids , but they tend to be smaller than they appear in pictures .
my daughter loved having extra darts for the gun and arrow that santa brought her . the dogs like eating them also .
this is a wonderful tool for parents to encourage their children to do chores around the house . they can track for themselves what they have been accomplishing .
this is an awesome gift for the nerd in your life . who would not love the best comic hero ever combined with the greatest toy of all times ?
goes perfectly with the little peoples happy sounds home . imagination and dexterity encouraged in using all the parts of the toy .
was not beat up & was shipped fast . my son plays with it a lot & starting to remember different parts .
my daughter loves monopoly but is ready to move up to the non kid version of this game . product arrived quickly and in perfect condition for christmas .
i am a huge fan of the educo line , and the pet set does not disappoint . it is well made , with lovely , bright colors .
my 2 year old daughter's favorite , most played with toy of all time . she loves princesses and this set is easy to bring with us on travel .
my daughter loved this . she just wished there were other kinds of " food " included in the set . will get other sets .
bought for my daughter so she can find them in the water . she also likes to carry them around with her outside of the water .
this sleeping bag fit my daughters american girl doll perfectly so i ordered another one . very soft and well made .
i just love this little tin . it's a nice size and is well-constructed . very fun for holding little treasures . thanks !
suction works great , which i was leary about ! holds up to my 6 year old poring large mounts of water into the little cup ! great toy !
i bought this as a time-killer for use in my rv . a classic dice game , with no unnecessary additions or silly new rules .
cute set , my daughter has about 8-10 sets of these . i just wish they were less expensive , otherwise lovely toy ! can't go wrong with lego !
worked great and was a fun way to give a gift card . this one seemed pretty easy compared to others i have seen .
was in love with this . i am not even sure he's taken it off since i gave it to him at christmas
my daughter got this last christmas and she still plays with these constantly ! they show very little wear , they have held up to my daughters vigorous imagination !
grandson loved it and i like to watch as it has the old time wrestling guys on it and the graphics are great .
i took this topper to a bakery and the used it on top of the birthday cake they designed for my daughter's 2nd birthday .
this game was purchased as a gift for my 5 year old son . he loves it ! this game is a crack up in our home .
a game my kids can play with their friends and enjoy themselves . you don't need a lot of artistic talent , just a good memory .
it's awesome ! ! and worth the money . the packaging was excellent . i would recommend this for any walking dead fan . i want the whole collection .
the bands works great . they do not break when strechted . i have told all my freinds about these bands . i got a good aray of colors .
a new fav . for us ! easy to learn and play for a 3 yr old and we play it over and over again !
this item is the perfect addition to the disney infinity starter pack if you plan on playing co-op with someone ; definitely worth buying for that purpose !
these don't work very well . i wanted to love it since we are huge disney fans , but we use it now for just pretend play .
glad to purchase it . its safe and best for kids and feels good for parents . i highly recommend this item .
our kids love these ! they are super cute and a great gift for the price ! ! ! this would be the favorite in our house .
i bought this dog for my son , and he just loves it ! it's so cute ! it barks and does flips !
i believe this toy will develop kids motors skills and critical thinking . it help a child develop patience and enjoyment .
my daughter just turned 1 and absolutely loves this toy with the stable and cottage ! she loves it and it is easy for her to use .
doesn't break easily , good size , easy to handle for little ones we also love the great colors and reusable box
wonderfully priced compared to others , and does just what it says . good sound , and quality . travels well . this is a nice starter set .
my grandson opened this present for his 3rd birthday and immediately started playing with it . it seemed interesting and fun to him .
and do again . my granddaughter fell in love with making rubber band bracelets . i think she has enough for the rest of her life .
great fun for the wrestler in your family ! durable , realistic and fun ! mimics the real ring ! ! lets get ready to rumble !
grandkids are into making the rubber band bracelets and love these . bright color and good quality . they are having lots of fun .
we bought this for our little nephew at christmas time - it was very well received :) i bet he will get to play with it a lot
it's a hit with my 3 year old and my 1 year old ! it has over 60 phrases ! great for any octonauts fan !
my daughter is taller than average and this was still a little too high for her ...
the puzzle is high quality and the print is beautiful ! i bought it for my 14 year old daughter and she loves it !
it is just what i wanted to give my grandson . soooo realistic . he loves it . i would recommend the schleich animals above all others
this are adorable but be prepared to deal with the loud squeak with the little ducks . it is very loud
this did not engage my child at all . it is so tiny that she could not figure out what to do . save your money !
this is another great little lego toy that keeps the kids happy for a small price the likes . that i will keep buying .
no longer like the princess items , she is 7 now and into american girl and barbie . thanks , great while she was interested .
we love uno . it's fast paced and better than the uno cards game we have , even better then uno attack !
my nephew loved this ! it's absolutely perfect . item was just as described and the arrived very quickly . very happy with my purchase
nicely made . it was smaller than i expected . perfect for my 1 year old . a little small for my 3 year old .
ths is going to a little boy and it may be a little old for him right now but he will fastly grow into it .
it really good toys and i have a good feel will value go up if maggie doing good in the show ,
this is a cute little plush for my two little mario lovers . he is really soft and my kids play with him a lot .
love , love , love this float ! we have a pool & i've been looking for a comfy , sturdy float to enjoy . finally found it !
oh total success , my boy loves grilling just like daddy , easy to assemble and so cute for garage , backyard and also for play room .
my niece loves super why and this game ! it's absolutely perfect . item was just as described and the arrived very quickly . very happy with my purchase !
the materials are good , the colors are amazing , fabric of some pieces good too , my daughters use it always , but only for short times .
our grandson and granddaughter both love this toy . grampa plays with it alot ! does not work well on carpet ,
my son has the imaginext batcave , joker playhouse , and jail . he loves this addition to his toys and it is of great quality !
i love her , my granddaughter loves her . just too , too cute ! i can hardly wait to give her her own on christmas !
i purchased this item as a birthday gift for a 5 year old boy . item came as expected and i hear it is played with often .
not impressed with the markers that came with it . the markers dry out really fast , even when the caps are on them .
i bought this for my daughter . although she loves it , she still prefers her mickey mouse doll . along with the accompanying minnie mouse .
my seven year old daughter loves it and loves to play with it . we bought it brand new and the delivery was on time .
these are so cute . great for doll houses either for play or for setting up doll houses . would recommend these .
this is a great bath toy for the horse loving child . my kids fight over this one and all love taking care of their pony .
this is a fun and educational game for kids . bought it for my almost 3 year old and my almost 5 year old loves it too .
it fell apart the first time it was opened by the child and could not be repaired . a peiced of junkfor sure .
girls of all ages love the american girl dolls and this baking set is a great , imaginative toy for dolly baking day . perfectly sized and detailed .
my daughter loves playing with the family . the mother and daughter often switch clothes , and the baby is always being rocked in her rocking chair .
my kids , ages 10 , 5 and triplets who are 3 , play with magnatiles every single day . we love them and have 4 sets .
this is such a great toy . my step son loved it . it was a nice large size so he used it for a nap pillow .
these plates are great for building and " transporting " the awesome creations built by your young ones . buy a bunch ! they come in different colors .
daughter liked them and plays with them still after 6 months . there isn't much educational about most toys , but they are sturdy and she liked them .
i bought this as a gift for my son , it was good . had lots of fun and still gets used tot his day .
bought this for my one year old . she loves it ! plays cute music and sounds . she loves the disney animals .
i bought this as a gift and it kept my 8 year old cousin entertained . she enjoyed putting them all together
i bought this toy for my grandson . he loves playing & building with his legos ! he also loves the cars movies !
got this for my 3 year old . it feels flimsy , its hard to put together ( unlike the toddler transformers ) and overall cheap .
this is like a dirty version of apples to apples . great game that is even better a few beers in .
it is so cool that these new pounding benches make it so the parts do not come out . i do not have to worry about choking .
entertains my boys well . age 3 and 5 they seem to prefer this over most other nerf guns maybe the color they love green
i purchased this doll for christmas for my 4 year old daughter . the barbie is beautiful and she loves placing her crown on everything else !
got this for my daughters 4th b-day , she really likes it & it is made very well & has a good " drumy " sound to it
my grandson loves to play out the story of blue mountain mystery movie and this toy was featured in that movie . hours of fun .
bought this for my granddaughter to go w / a wooden doll house . have not given it to her yet but it looks like pretty good quality .
my son ( 2yrs ) loves to play w it while he showers . is smaller than expected but my son loves it .
these are perfect for us ! they're plastic , so not as noisy as the real things . our son absolutely loves playing with them .
it needs to be sturdier . the clothes and accessories are fine , but the case is part of the make-believe and it falls over too easily .
not sure what kind of review to right . they are colored pencils . they are fine . just like what you would get in the store .
my neice was very happy with the andrea action figure . she is a big fan of the walking dead series .
they are what they are , random lego guys and girls and robots and other things ... my guy loved ' em , expensive on here
my grandson got this toy for christmas and he loves it ... he plays with it all the time and it's just the right side toy for him ...
a good expansion to the original carcassonne . not a must have but a worthwhile addition to your game collection . enjoy .
little girls love to make things they can wear . this was lots of fun for my grand =d aughter and she loved making jewelry /
me love coooookies ! me love leapfrog ! me love this book ! it is a fun way to help toddlers learn counting .
bought for a birthday gift for my grandson's 3rd birthday . he loves to cook and this wasn't to " girly " for a little boy .
this swing seat is surprisingly comfortable and sturdy . i have sat on it and it supported me with i uncomfortable pinching . it works great for my kids .
i ordered these for my grand daughter for christmas and they are very good for children under the age of 2 .
i got this for my 5 year old son . unfortunately he lost interest in it pretty fast . not enough on it to keep his interest .
great range and silent like a bat ! awesome indoors and creates enough lift to fly outdoors to !
nothing much here to say , harold is a cool little helicopter . a nice addition to the thomas and friends family that lives in our living room .
fabulous game for any age i got it for my 3 year old cousin we play constantly she loves it .
my kids really love this set . the only thing that worries me is the weight of the bowling ball . i'm afraid someone will hit the tv !
this gun has great aim and shoots strait ! it has a high ammo drum , and can take any type of stock ! i love it ! ! !
great price great gun , very well loved and yes it holds small water but buy the extra refills well worth ever penny .
bone curves , central bolt falls out of many bones . normal box . children playing ... it's worth its price ... not bad
this not only is fun but keeps the little ones engaged in learning . the 2 and 1/2 year old spends a long time on this .
who can go wrong with legos ? our pre-schooler is into lego and this construction building set is a great addition .
it takes time to set it up . my son really like it.the cars are very good . i would recommend it
everyone of her ten barbi's have been one of these fairytale dolls so far and they change often and my granddaughter loves them . a good buy .
it amazing who many logos there are and surprising how many we remember ... fun for all great summer or winter house game
along with a shopping cart , these grocery cans fit the bill . they're perfect for toddlers who shop with mommy or who like to play in the pantry !
was very useful in keeping together what we wanted to build . my son loves that it wont fall apart when moving it .
from the roller maze series , lagoona blue is one of the dolls my grand-daughter wanted . very sporty and cute.bought her at a good price .
my 5 year old has been using this for a year now . to tell the truth his leap pad would be trashed if not for this .
what we expected it would be as long as birthday girl is happy then so is everyone else and that's really all that count
this was a christmas gift for my grandsons . they love the game and were excited about getting more of it .
these are soooo much fun . my four year old son loves playing with these . buying a few extra " rockets " is not a bad idea .
good value for the price also idiot proof anyone can build , glue the wheel who cares if they don't roll . kids play with these .
our 4yr . old son loves it ... but , the hippos do get stuck sometimes which is major for a little guy.otherwise , it's a great game .
my niece wanted sophia the first for her birthday and i couldn't find this product in stores . cute item that was different then what was in stores .
i think i have all of the dolls in this series . i believe there is a new swimming series including a boy .
my daughter loves her new pillow pet and she sleeps with it every night . it's soft and cuddly and the batteries have lasted surprisingly long .
nifty toy for the creative child . my grandaughter will have loads of fun as she's pretending to make everyone their special make beleive desert.great service !
best glow sticks i have found ! bright glow long lasting ! ! i would recommend this product over all others i have found ! !
all the kids that come around , take a turn with it :) its a fun addition to their jake the pirates collection
my two-year-old great nephew loves the caillou program and was delighted with his caillou plus character who now sleeps with him .
the animals are very nice in this set . my kid lays with them a lot . great set to add to your existing duplo collection .
bought this for my daughter to go along with her rescue pack . she loves him ! he is cute and looks just like the picture !
we added to the doctor kit we already had . this is very nice and the kids love it . a great buy !
this is a very cute toy . i would recommend it ! the pig breathes in and out and snores and talks :)
excellent game for problem solving skills and spacial relations . shape by shape is challenging and provides hours of entertainment . another exceptional product by thinkfun .
these are really fun , festive decorations and i would highly recommend for a disney party . my twin 2 year old girls loved them .
who doesnt love a good game of candy land . im excited to share this item with family . who's up for family game night !
this is an ugly and scary toy . how any child could be soothed by it is a miracle to me . i hated it as did my daughter .
bought this for my ten year old girly . she absolutley loves to create original outfits with this kit . amazing quality
another excellent product from lego.my son loves this item very much . especially , the golden helmet that comes with the fire chief minifigure.great price and excellent product .
i love this dragon ! he is so well made and goes great with the castle , catapult and all of the other characters . thanks so much !
my toddler loves his little laptop and you can't beat this awesome price ! he carries it everywhere with him and it teaches him so much , too !
son was very frustrated with putting it together . other then that he liked the concept and the exclusive characters available with this set .
i bought this for christmas 2013 which is today ! my 2 year old grandaughter totally loves it . it was her one time favorite gift .
tint turtle . wish i could find where family bought others . they are much bigger . who i bought it for will love it none the less .
clothes are cute and the clothes did fit our american girl doll but the shoes did not ... my daughter still liked outfit even without shoes ..
great for my 7 and 4 year old daughters . great craft that is not messy and full of little pieces !
i have recently become addicted to legos . my husband and i exchanged lego sets for valentine's day . best presents ever !
cute toy . my daughter likes it but the lights are only on one side of the toy . still entertains her and is recommended .
this is so cute and easy to do ! it would make a great gift for little girls ! great for aspiring sewers and crafters too !
i have taught letters , numbers and so much more on this plus the kids can scribble with no mess involved . great toy !
he fits on all the railways for thomas and he does pop up and down but not really rythmically or too noticeable . very cute .
these appear to be well made . they are smaller than i expected , but that was good ; they are proportioned well to small children .
the best lauri puzzle . the objects with each letter are large to see and hold by a 6 year old student .
from the report her mother gave , my niece loves this thing . she makes all kinds of things and were them !
the cars fall out if you try to play with it , but it's functional as a storage device for cars
this was a christmas gift for my 8 year old grandson and he loves it , he plays with them all the time .
the tote needs to be more sturdy i will fall apart to easy but the toy is great for the 2 year old i purchased it for
encourages my 3 year old to use his imagination . it's great seeing him re-enact a scene from the tv show and movies with his trains . =)
this tee works really well . it is easy to put together and the brush withstands a lot of swings . yup .
my 2 yr old daughter loves this magnifying glass . she can find so much to see even around the house . very fun and interactive . great purchase .
you get your moneys worth with all the pieces included in this lego set . creative and neat characters for hours of fun and play .
very cute plush , he is really soft and floppy great for cuddling and sleeping with . my 3 year old horse crazy daughter loves it .
our daughter is 2 and she carries this around all over the house . the bag is made very well and the accessories aren't messy .
love this toy ! bought it quite a while ago , and the grandkids still dig it out of the toybox to play with .
we have got these markers for our kids and they have marked on a few things they should not have . it washed out with little effort .
good toy for my girl baby .. good size .. and she enjoy the music on the phone . she love it
we got this for our 3 year old who loves the rescue bots - - he still loves this thing and he's had it since christmas !
can anyone ever say anything bad about legos ? best toy ever made . new every morning . keeps children entertained for years !
my granddaughter was fascinated with this lego series . have purchased quite a few of thesets . it is a wonderful series and she enjoys it immensely .
classic game that keeps my kids active in the winter . well-packaged and durable box . i highly recommend it ! easy for even young ones to understand .
this is an adorable pj set for her american girl doll and bitty twins with sleeves and pants rolled up a little bit which gives it more usability .
i got this to go with if you give a moose a muffin . my toddler loves to hold the moose while i read her the book .
my 3 year old loves this toy . she feels like she is really learning to write her letters " all by myself " as she likes to say .
i'm told it's great because the 3yo can play with family or play alone . having a 3yo myself , i can see the appeal in that .
these are adorable for gifts at a birthday party and very colorful . the price was wonderful for the quantity and arrived very quickly . the children were thrilled .
these unifix cubes have been so useful as a manipulative for my children . very sturdy and easy to use . thanks !
perfect . lights up my daughter's ceiling perfectly . couldn't ask for more . looks great as well for her hello kitty themed room .
this is a perfect puzzle to get the family into the holiday spirit ; we all enjoyed doing it in the days leading up to christmas.would definitely recommend
these little monster high characters are just to ppperfect and very cute , all the monster high boys will want these little cuties .
got these for all the little ones in my family for the holidays .. the singing and the tambourines were amazing ! ! .. totally worth the money !
i would recommend it to kids that are over 3 because i feel they would enjoy it better at that age .
i got an amazing deal on this during the black friday-cyber monday deals . my nieces loved getting these . i wish i would have gotten more !
this was a purchase by my husband , and he and his friends love it ! this is a great product . good quality .
my daughter loves to paint . it stains clothes . is not washable . gooodbye gone to goodwill . she can paint with something else .
as with the fruit version , these are a well-made product and i would highly reccomend these over the cheaper , easy-to-destroy versions .
sturdy enough for a toddler . my 3 yr old loves it and plays with it everyday . got it along with the captain hook set and jake's friends .
when my grandson and i build houses it looks better with the windows . he loves to put a lot of windows in his houses .
my daughter loves them and the dogs try to snag them too . they are just a really cute idea . word .
we have 6 monster high dolls . this was # 2.her leg broke off at the knee now she doesn't get played with .
this is a good gift option for boys . action figures are always good and this let's them create a whole world to play in .
my granddaughter loves this " computer " as it helps her with letter formations and sounds . a good addition to pre-k education .
got these to give out as part favors for my daughters first birthday party . they were cute , colorful and fun .
this product is fun and educational . it helps kids learn different continents , countries , and oceans . beautiful colors and sturdy enough pieces .
of course the 8 year old opened them all and actively plays with them daily . great addition to his sw collection !
mommie just download it . but it costs money ... grandma will buy it and be bomb diggetty . works for me and the kids love it .
i love this set for the five toddlers i take care of . they can all make them fit together and love the variety of shapes .
i bought these for my daughter for her birthday , they fit the generic and the real american girl dolls perfectly . super cute and made well .
we couldn't but just one . we purchased all 3 minions on amazon . they are hilarious for any age . great at lifting your spirits !
love that i do not have to pay full price for the app card . the games are costly and this makes it more affordable !
great toy . i hate plastic but still a good toy for little kids .
this is a must have if your child has a play kitchen . really well made , cute and gets the kids really in pretend mode . great buy !
i would recommend this item to anyone that has a young girl who loves to play with barbies . my daughter loves it .
got this as a gift for a 1yr old who loved it - its bright and fun and holds a little one's attention for a decent amount of time .
didnt realize it was gonna be so small butkids loved itnext time i better read more into size
despite legos being a little pricey this set is pretty good because you can make three different things so you get a little better value .
i thought this back pack was very well made . loved the fabric and my grand daughter uses it a lot .
bought for 2 year old and he totally loves these books . he reads and re-reads them all the time . makes learning fun .
perfect size quality and feels soft ! big enough and my boys fight over memo and want to sleep with him
who wouldn't love these adorable little creatures ? my 7 yr old daughter sure does ! very soft , and make great " bed time buddies " .
this puppy was a gift for my 3 year old niece for christmas . she loves it . super soft and cuddly .
cute doll got it for a awesome price . 13 bucks daughter loves her . she is a little top heavy but thats fine most of the lalas are .
love to blow the whistle great for little one that can whistle them selfplastic would be better clean it
this was another addition to my son's collection . the quality control and / or design on these toys are poor . the button gets stuck all the time .
my son names his dinosaurs . he prefers the well-made dinosaurs . i have not been disappointed in the schleich dinosaurs . he is happy which makes me happy .
my son loves thomas . this is an excelent product and it doesnt take batteries which is a good point ! ! ! wish it would be cheaper though
product as described and the fit for the barbies was fine . no mis-match shoes and neither broken pieces . thank you again and would recommend product .
broke after 1 use and doesn't squeel ... hand detached from rubber band . also too diffucult for a child to pull back the elastic .
t was a good deal and decent lego item to purchase . i would recommend to others who have kids interested in legos .
cutest little necklaces for toddlers . just the right price so if they lose it or break it , it's not the end of the world .
santa brought this for our daughter and she loves it . she has aurora too so we knew what to expect so we were happy with the purchase .
great quality as described endless hours of imaginative entertainment - love these toys - would buy the lot durable and great that it is recyled
they were a hit with my granddaughter and they fit her american girl doll fine . i would buy another pair .
i purchased this from my grandson for christmas present it's very educational i would recommend it for any child between the ages of four and 10 .
as the proud uncle of 2 little girls i get a kick watching them pretend to be doc mcstuffins and the friends this lovable snowman has humor and heart
well made and keeps my little artist clean as she likes to paint daily . it has handy pockets as well which come in handy for brushes , etc .
it's just as advertised and one of the teenage mutant ninja turtles that my grandson wanted . what more can i say ?
the second one is better , and the third expansion is the best , but if you play a lot , you want all three expansions .
these things are a lot of fun for kids of all ages . a little more advanced but even young kids can operate the rc helicopter .
i wouldn't pay regular price for these plates but got them for $ 4.99 . my grandsons enjoyed having a platform for their completed christmas lego projects .
daughter loves littlest pet shop and always has so much fun playing with the items . as with any plastic toy , it can break easily .
we bought this to play with our 4 year old grandson and he loved it . of course he thought that he had won when the blocks fell over !
took this on vacation along with some liquid * ss and had fun playing pranks on other people in our rental house . good clean fun !
beautiful doll , expensive but worth it ... a family member has been collecting them for years , and this one is the best yet .
the ribbons were of good quality and the medals were cute ( if they were just a bit bigger - they'd be ideal ) .
surprisingly this item was on my teen age daughter's xmas list . she loved it ! it's nice to know she like things other than electronics :)
girls want to have fun with legos also ! it's nice to know have girls additions to lego - cant get enough of them
durable and my daughter loves it . not too much to it , but she plays with this set everyday . we have tea parties everyday =)
lego my eggo ! haha , not , stupid .. great toy though , would buy from again , my kiddo loved it very much ! wp wp
this is fun to watch the kids try to use . it takes a lot of concentration and coordination . they are having fun with it .
these crayons are very east for a todler to use to color and draw pictures . our grandaughter will get many hours of fun from these crayons .
my boys had a blast with this set , it only makes one thing but the poeple you get with it are spooky and that is fun !
bought this for my three year old daughter . soft and talks , and my daughter loves it . good buy , good product .
this is a wonderful toy . my nephew loved it and it looked perfect ! and it is not just for halloween !
my daughter loves this toy ! seems study enough and a decent value for the price . would recommend for 3-8 year olds .
bought fo for my 3 yr old great nephew per his request ! ! loves it ! ! the boy knows his toys ! !
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my great nephew . my granddaughter has this toy and she loves it . i thought he would enjoy it also .
lego ? superheroes ? a great combination . can't beat a classic building toy for kids . lego is a great way to pass the time building !
bought for grandson ( age 9 ) . he had a blast putting it together and showing off his skills . great hit !
my grandson requested this as a gift . he and his family are very much into board games . i love that board games are so interactive .
for the money , this was an excellent addition to our basic wooden train set . tracks fit together well and there is a nice variety of styles .
this is a sturdy and fun to use rubik's cube . my husband loved getting this as a gift . it is a classic and easy to figure out .
this was a favorite toy when i was raising my kids . awesome toy for traveling with so i bought this for my granddaughter
love the quality and color choice , but the price leaves something to be desired ! with 3 kids making these , it gets expensive fast !
the kids love it and love to playwith them and the kids always withfriends and play with others and take turns
for the price expected something larger . the twins into transformers but this didn't really hold their interest . they are three years old .
this looks nice up and the kids have another item to help them utilize their bounding energy . nice outdoor toy !
my kids love these . they are small but the are doll cookies . the quality is good . now i am writing to fill in space .
perfect play mats for my kids ! these are durable , easily cleaned , sizable , and a very good value for the price !
love these mermaid barbies for playing in the tub ! added to our collection and completes the set . nice that amazon offers for a decent price .
if you give out several a a time be prepared for disappointed kids as they all get the same fortune !
two ways to use it and seems like a real weapon . also , you can fight without too much pain or injury .
these toys have survived through the ages . there toys are fun to play with and make the child use their imagination .
please kids toys should be free of toxic fumes . i had to return because my kid also tried to taste the toxic material ..
this is a good toy , made tough . has the sounds , moving parts , animals , little people , and doors that open and close .
these are great fun ! my grandson has spent hours playing with these . she strings and strings and has a great time
my son loves his buzz doll and plays with him daily . solidly built , buzz has taken a few tumbles down the stairs and has held up well .
as this is a christmas gift for my granddaughter - it's hard to say re : the fun , durability . i hope it lives up to my expectations .
my 5 year old niece loves it . i purchased it as a gift for her . she plays with it constantly
i bought this for my nephew who loves trains . he's only 2 1/2 and was able to assemble this puzzle successfully ... over , and over again !
this would be a great toy if only it worked properly . it is useless because it reads the letters wrong and the sound quality is poor .
this is really a great set ! very sturdy and can take the abuse two little ones can dish out day after day .
my three year old daughter loves these markers . they are not very messy and the colors are bright . i would buy them again .
just what i wanted and expected for my collection of toys for my grandson . he loves airplanes ! he's 2 yrs . old .
the product by far is my three yr old daughters most favorite melissa and doug product . she's a cookie baking machine with this set . definitiley recommend
i thought it was a pack of minifigures but it is just one . other than that i am happy with it .
my son loves pushing the beads on this bead maze . rounded corners on the base , and the suction cups actually work .
this doll is very pretty with a lot of attention put into detail . i wish they had this dress for children / adults as well .
my three year old son loves this toy . he plays with it all of the time . it does not go in the bathtub much to his dismay .
so adorable . good quality and will be enjoyed by my granddaughter on her american girl dolls . they match sneakers she wears .
daughter loved . daughter loved . the good quality . my 11 year old is obsessed with rainbow loom . she likes these alot
is disney ... wonderful , amazing and very nice toy for kids ... is great to look my son playing with this toy ... buy it ! awesome
i consider this dress , the best ooh all the ones i bought , nice outfit with cute shoes and bag , i really recommend this outfit
this was added as a cute addition to the fisher-price first little people doll house for a 1 year old grandaughter . durable . great price on amazon .
i bought that leapreader on here and also extra books for it and my 5 year old granddaughter is thrilled . good price too ..
this product was just as it was promised . it arrived on time and was perfect for my nephew . i like it and it is nice
my daughter just loves this play set . plus they go on her cake as cake toppers and fit very nicely .
whey flying this it doesn't go from side to side therefore it is very hard to maneuver . not worth the price . over advertised if you ask me .
these construction signs were a great addition to my little ones party and would buy them again . one side is shiney and the other is not .
my son loves this . we have given several as gifts to other people . makes a bit of mess but keeps kids occupied for hours !
we have these for use with our crayola model magic ! awesome tools ! ! we also use them for play doh . great fun !
omg when she saw this she was screaming like crazy i was not there when she got it but i could only wish
the little ones delite in this sprinkler . how it sprays depends on the water pressure . well pleased . i recommend it .
michones pet number two . collect the main figures but grab a zombie or two along the way . very realistic . mcfarlane toys are awesome .
my son loved this so much the crown was the only problem it came off the same day he bought it but other than that its good
our grandson loved receiving this helicopter for his tenth birthday . he had it charged with the usb adapter and was flying it in no time .
adds merlinadds additional playersadds another layer to the gameplay to make it more thematicshould not be played without it . a must have .
my son loves this . we use it as a learning tool in many different ways and he thinks he's playing . one of our favorites !
my granddaughter loves the rapunzel doll and needed a miniature rapunzel to add to her miniature princess collection . now she has one
feels cheaply made.my daughter likes it . i would never purchase something like this again , but she received a gift card for her birthday and she wanted it .
good product , size was bigger then i expected , the colors were fine , still keep themit was for my sons birthday party .. kids loved that
this is a perfect gift to help a toddler work side by side with daddy or mommy . loved by boys and girls
wish it came with a tie , it is not easy finding ties by themselves . finally ended up using ribbons to tie the favors
this is 5 year old grandson who absolutely loves to play with all of the great colors . this product is exactly as described and arrived quickly .
my niece is absolutely obsessed with this town we got the little extra princesses and she loves it so much ! !
so many points of articulation ! totally realistic too . hands can be a bit tricky to switch since the joint moves around on a ball joint .
this is an old school game that enjoyable for the family , however the cheap way they make these games nowadays , is just plain cheap .. ! !
this child lives on a lake and will find this water toy fun as well as educational . he will love it and so will his friends
thanks so much . my son has just started playing with the toy and he loves it . thanks for being so quick to ship .
my 8 year old wanted it but got bored instantly with it . my 3 year old had some fun with it .
the party pics were cute . and it was a good price and good quality . do not have anything more to add .
this was a gift for my 5 year old niece and 3 year old niece and they love it . it is durable enough to survive two kids .
my daughters love this game ! i'm hoping they make additional books for this in the future . the game is really creative and a lot of fun .
it was just like it said on the box the original rainbow loom . very happy with it . now i can make a project with a double loom .
this is cool ! high quality , priced right has extra parts for the inevitable crash from that wanna be pilot ! can't find this gem in stores !
the paint job is excellent ! i was impressed with the durable way they were made . i would say yes this is a good buy
love purple and green together . just adorable . very soft . such a pretty stuffed animal . i am very pleased with this purchase .
this item works great and kids seem to enjoy it very much . i haven't seen my child's arm in weeks , it's covered in rubber bands .
these are ok carnival type items . the girls weren't interested in buying them from the prize area but they're good just to hand out .
price was reasonable and the items make very nice accessories for the american girl doll 18 " . victoria love them . good product
tons of fun , great quality , and you can't beat the price ! my kids love it but it's the adults that can't put it down
the screen is crazy small and the pictures are so pixelated we can't tell what some of them are supposed to be .
it is what it is ... fake parking tickets . i bought it for my husband who always complains about how people park . he really liked this gift
from elementary school-aged children on up , everyone in our family loves this game . easy to play and understand , yet challenging . great family game .
my daughter just turned 4 , and she loves this game ! ! it's definitely a bit of a challenge , but in a good way ! !
love this game . my whole family likes to play it . we even have the normal version and they love to play that game too .
this is a identical replacement battery for the syma 107 . i have used it in other models also with the same mah and volts
the book pal is easily downloadable . you can add your child's name to the pal's vocabulary . children love to hear their names .
the magnet part is a very helpful aspect of this toy . it keeps the trains together , easily , for little hands .
love is and so does my daughter . its way bigger than i thought when ordering but it's a fun puzzle .
my daughter got this for christmas last year - she loves it ... it is pretty user friendly - takes decent pictures , and makes her feel important .
got this for my niece for christmas . she wanted it after seeing constant infomercials on tv . she loves it and sleeps with it every night .
this is a cute little bag for my girlies leap pad . has pockets for games ect . easy to take places .
much larger than i expected - grandsons will love them . i have 2 grandsons and they will love this and be able to play together with them .
this is sturdy enough to be handled by little kids , and it helps improve their focus and coordination . adults enjoy it too !
much cheaper than the other animals i saw on amazon . daughter loves the different animals and zook keeper . do recommend for those who have duplo .
creative designs are made with magic jewelry , however the drawback is too many pieces to work with , the kid must have patients
my niece loves sofia the first princess doll . she watches the show every day at home . the doll talks very clearly and worth the price .
i got these as throws for mardi gras . everyone enjoyed wearing these rings . they stay blinking much longer than i expected . looks really cute for parties
every thing i have purchased has been very good the description of it i just look for things i think my grand daughter would like
nephew loves to build with these mega blocks . keeps him busy for long periods of time
my kids love these thinkfun games . and i love that they love them because it gets them away from video games and batteries ! ! !
these were actually bought to be used on chavant clay for an effect class where we had to create sculptures with detail .
these are good for fine motor skills and fun to " sew " . the cardboard is thick enough i believe they will last for some time .
my daughter got this toy for christmas she loves it just wish both maracas lighted up but other then that love it .
imaginarium letters & numbers - 72 pieces is good . a little bit too thin plastic but other wise is good for the price .
this game based on the world of angry birds really liked it , because it has stickers , coloring sheets , crayons , etc ...
son loves and had to have tyreese added to his collection . if you are a walking dead nut like my son you must have !
kids sorta , kinda like it but they are not enamored with it . all kids are different though . good little toy and teaches alphabet and numbers .
very good game for young kids . the grandchildren really enjoy playing it , the game is easy to learn and is a quick game to play .
used these to decorate my daughter's cake for her 16th bday . it was exactly what she asked for . just wish it'd included the dog !
my eight year old niece loved the fact that she can chase her brother around a pink nerf gun . just make sure to buy extra bullets
good product . i wish they cut with a little more ease , but they may be slightly stiff because they are safety scissors .
these are great for the kids as prizes , small toys or treasure box . they glow in the dark nicely once charged under a bright light .
i got these to go with a tea set i was giving my niece . they are so cute , and she just loved them .
my two year old loves to stack the branches . he really loves this toy . it is well made and plan toys is a great company .
these boots are adorable and my granddaughter loves them . they are easy for her to be able to put them on .
thank you , im very happy with the purchase monster high it's alive spectra vondergeist doll , i'm super satisfied , of excellent quality
this was a christmas gift for my 5 year old nephew . he wanted to play with it as soon as he opened it .
this is so soft and cuddly , my daughter loves it . it's great for the car too and can act as a neck pillow .
we bought this for a friend of my daughter . it is so cute and soft . i would buy it again .
she saw the ariel had a pet and just had to have it . she loves ariel and now her pet !
i bought this for my 2 yr old autistic son to help improve his fine motore skills . the pieces have to be matched w / the coordinating pegs .
they are inexpensive and realatively cheaply made , but a decent deal for what you pay . great for goodie bags or inexpensive give aways .
i gave one to each granddaughter and they both truly enjoy playing with their little families to simulate role playing .
bought this along with the dolls for a 5 year old , her sister is 7 and loved it more , recommend the age appropriateness for these items .
my grandson loves playing with this toy for hours and has learned body parts and his dexterity is greatly improved as well .
being electric is great for a small child but runs out of water too quick .
bought this for my youngest son . amazing how many hours of play he had with these things . they're sturdy and provide hours of imaginary fun .
i think the age was a little to low for this . at the age i got this for christmas my daughter didn't take to it much at all .
the thing with these toys is that they love it at first and then it just sits in their toy box .
i just don't have any complains about him , i own several transformers and this is one of the bests i have .
this is great when you are waiting in between swim event on the pool deck . as they are not ruined and keeps your kids near you .
my son is a ninjago fan and he collects them and puts them together on his own . perfect for a 6yr old !
my 21 year old son loves this . very powerful little helicopter . it has taken a few crashes but still works .
never worked . even bought replacement parts and charger of helicopter . wasted a lot of money , plus my grandson never got to play with his helicpoter .
learning fun ... and animals can sit by themselves on the table . enhances play and imagination outside of just being a puzzle .
these shoes are so cute . i purchased them for my granddaughter's american girl doll . they look adorable , and are made well .
the gloves are fine , just a bit expensive considering i found similar at target for $ 1 , and my daughter hasn't used them as much !
got these as a stocking stuffer for my son this christmas and he wont stop playing with them ! they were a huge hit !
this was a gift for my nephew's 9th birthday . he really likes it . their family plays a lot of games .
i bought this car thinking that it would be somewhat fast . what a surprise to find that i can walk faster then it drives .
this is a great value for a plasma ball this large . works as expected and all the kids love it . very good value .
my grand daughter love to help me cook in the kitchen so i know she will love this in her room
i bought this for my son very funny when you prank someone but one time it accidentally got flushed down the toilet :(
my son loves legos and he really liked this gift . price is decent and great for the ages listed on box
this was fun at first but then the darts started breaking , and the kids got bored . i don't think they ever even used the chest protector things .
it was for my niece , ( 7 ) she asked for it and when she opened it her expression was one of pure joy ! !
bought this two years ago . its still going strong . has probably been taken apart and put back together dozens and dozens of times . still like new .
got these nice guys for $ 2 . gave them to my brother . fyi : they do not come with instructions . happy shocking ,
this was poorly made and keeps coming apart , i finally threw it out to avoid temper tantrums when trying to use it
my granddaughter loved getting dee and has played with her over and over . i am happy with my purchase . i would recomend dee .
this bar is just like the original one . shipping takes a while but you know that up front so just be patient .
my grand-daughter loved this , she has always wanted a bathroom for her doll house . now her doll house is more like a house with the bathroom .
my husband and i love scrabble and are very competitive so this is a super fun game for us to play .
it was smaller than i thought , but i must have missed the dimensions in the description .
very neat colors . see through , not opaque . they came on time and the packaging was sufficient . my husband can't wait to work with them .
these check the voltage difference on your li-po's . they work and the price is right . all they do is check , they won't balance though .
like the simple thems and progress to different reading levels , kids keep going back to play , a good one to have .
didn't expect holo rares but these are very nice for the kids . they got here quickly and in greaat shape .
if you want a quick fun exciting game that can be played in 30 minutes or less , this is right up your alley .
this was a perfect gift for my son who loves mine craft and logos . he loved it . it came on time and in great condition .
played it with a couple teen boys and we all liked it . very easy to learn and play but good variety in the game itself .
i really love this toy and so does my baby ! it is easy for him to spin and is very educational . i would definitely recommend this .
this is a craft product that requires a little supervision for the younger child but it is a fun project .
it gets clogged with minimal use , but what doesn't when you shove dough into it ? the kids are enjoying it .
this doll is great ! if your little one likes butterflies or faeries , she is sure to love this ! i highly recommend it .
if you have the tag reader this is a good item to have for something other than the books . great learning & great fun !
we use this for playdoh and my kids love it . perfect small size for kids to use . bought one for each kiddo .
great idea but it could have been made a little more sturdy . when a child is playing with it the parts come out .
very flexible set for kids to use to reenact scenes from the movie . directions are easy , and didn't require parental assist at all .
someone thought hard when developing this toy . it organizes the magnets for you so you don't have mess or take time to do it . it's endless fun .
super cute and works great ! bought my 2 year old a leappad and this has held up perfectly . thank you !
our girls are going to enjoy making bracelets with these rubber bands because they are beautiful in the dark and daylight too .
my 3 year old can't get enough of this game ! we both love playing it ! lots and lots of fun !
my daughter loves making those loombracelets and she loved getting this amount of bands in one shot . they kept her busy for hours .
i bought this for my grandkids . it was very noisey . but they did enjoy and it was of good quality .
my child loves thomas and it is worth the money spent . this toy makes lots of cool sounds and gives them many hours of great fun and imagination .
so great for little ones ! this is hours of fun with and educational purpose . it's also great for parent / child activity .
she's really pretty . love the black and white theme of this doll and sort of wish more would turn to the grayscale theme .
great toy for girls little party my little girl loves this very durable and sturdy doesn't break that easily.great toy
perfect little disney princess doll ... barbie sized . nice detail , dress , hair , freckles and all . great doll for that little princess in your life .
this was a purchase for our granddaughter and she loves it . it's one of her go to toys . happy with purchase .
i like this game . it gives my son different skills . my 5 years son plays with it with great pleasure . and thank you for great price .
all of our grand kids love the picnic basket . it's alot of fun to make food & enjoy feeding each other .
my granddaughter loved it ! it was high quality made and seemed as if it could stand all the hugs that a 3 year old could give it
this item was ordered for my son from his grandma . it is a very cute game , much cuter than the original operation .
i'm glad we got these for our littlest granddaughter . they even brought back memories to mom and aunt k . good item , i'd recommend them .
would recommend buying this with my first dollhouse . all the dollhouse furniture , come in pretty colors and are durable . so cute !
my daycare children loves these items and watching the differences in the motion tubes . great prices for the pieces . like having the different colors
this is a great buy in the lego line . grandson and granddaughter love it and play with it every day . encourages creativity with each use .
i got this game to use with younger children and i think they will love it . i will likely by other spot it games as well .
kid loves skylanders games . this character is one of his favorites because of the type of powers she has in the game . he's happy . i'm happy .
my grandson has an older brother who uses a tablet and this was ideal for the younger one . came on time and still works . hooray
these were purchased for a christmas grab bag for children up to the age of 9 and were will received .
you can rarely go wrong with lego - its the bomb ! ! legi is always thought provoking , innovative , amazingly brilliant !
seemed like a good price for two but thats because they were the smaller my little ponies , just know they arent the regular sized ones
bought this item as a white elephant gag christmas exchange gift . it was a hit . people thought it was hilarious .
but was a big hit with the grandkids after they had figured out how to use it ! even the adults had to try it !
tiny ... soooo tiny , barely bigger than the size of a deck of cards
i think these will be very durable . the arms and legs are positional via a stiff rope-like material . the faces and clothes are well done .
lots of giggles and laughs . nicely made , sturdy plastic , easy to use . be prepared to supervise play for best and safest use .
we ordered this for our toddler son as he loves to swing . it seems to be of good quality and is easy to install .
excellent quality , large puppet , and fun to play with . i haven't had a complaint about any melissa and doug product that we have brought so far .
grand kids are addictedvto this game.they play every day after school.mom had to set a time limit for this one .
my daughter will love this doll .. shes wanted 1 for a long time ... she will be very happy come christmas time
in theory really cool toy . the controls seem a little complicated and more difficult for kids to , use . design needs to be re-thought
great size ideal for small kids , soft and very very similar to the cartoon caracter dora the explorer i love it
this bridge set works well with purchased wooden track set and 12 piece train and vehicle set . adds to the fun !
not as much fur not color and put together as expected . it's not durable at all and not very engaging .
a tad difficult to put together , but once it is put together the kids love it . cute , easy to ride and sturdy product .
nifty item and my daughter likes playing with her doodle bear . these wash off pretty easy if you don't wait too long . cute item .
i just reviewed a happy nappers dragon , and the same informationa applies as they were for my twin 4 year old granddaughters !
i bought for my 5 year old . he loves ben 10 . it works well . would recommend to other ben 10 lovers .
great toy . my granddaughters love it . good price , delivered conveniently to my door in the time promised .
my kids play this at every family get together and it is always good for a laugh . i purchased one as a gift after my children received one .
it is very easy to use and upload games onto . i am going to buy the charger for it instead of using batteries .
nice simple cute gel cover . we put it over a green leappad 2 . looks great with the two colors . easy to put on and take off .
got for a christmas gift . my daughter loved doing these . they kept her busy and they came out really nice so she used them as gifts .
this is a must buy ... figurine looks just like meryl and i received product b4 promised date.looks great in my wd collection .
this was a gift for my 6 year old granddaughter and she loved it . it looks to be well made and sturdy .
i bought these for my 2 little boys and they really do the job . love the color and the price ! ! !
transformer fans will love this set ! 2 good guys and 2 bad guys to battle each other and transform any imagination .
so much fun ! this is a game that even the younger kids can really can understand and play with all ages ! !
it is a great model of a western town front and has many features that make it fun for play .
really nice and durable sword made to be a toy and fun electronics . it's made how a toy should be made
my two sons wanted this toy badly , so i got it for their share christmas gift . boy do they love it ! :)
ordered this for my granddaughter for christmas and she loves it . got a few squeals from her thank you very much .
my kids love to finger paint on this paper . it has held up nicely and i would recommend to anyone looking for something like this .
our grandsons love lego . i love the selection online provides me . so easy and so many to choose from . awesome
as much as i hate giving andrea 5 stars , i must . you can bet when i play with these , she will be the first to die .
you cant go wrong with this wagon , i've had mine for about 3 years and its still going like i bought it yesterday .
this was a gift for our granddaughter and she loves it , although it drives her parents a little crazy , lol . isn't that the point ?
my son likes this toy . no complaints . he keeps trying to lose the pieces though , he carries them all over the house with him lol
this was a christmas gift . it looks like an intriguing fun thinking item to keep kids mind challenged . the packaging and shipment were great .
the transformed is a good looking f - 35 fighter jet , and on its own a good toy . the transformation adds more fun .
its a great toy both my kids enjoy but hard on their knees the wires seem very hard even though kids still play in it .
i bought this for my 10 year old grandson and he loves it . it was a nice gift for his birthday
gave this to my grandson for christmas . loves it and is now getting into spiderman items and enjoyed the movie as well . thanks
eliminates the need for batteries and disappointment ! purchased this for the snap circuits building set ! item arrived on time and just as described ! thanks !
high quality ... really nicely made . my son loves to build with these ! and i love the smooth finish . you cannot go wrong with these blocks !
i am ex marine but if my 5 year wants this , he get's it . so he now got for birthday and loves it
i got this for my daughters to share and they love it . one is 3 and the other 8 months and they both enjoy it .
purchased as a christmas gift for my five year old son . he loved it ! first toy he played with on christmas . :)
daughter loves . fun toy . hat does not stay on sophia's head . beside that , it's good . she sorta moves with the wings .
this little something extra allowed my grandson to willingly share with his sister when they play and was reasonable priced , too .
good sturdy train whistle ! our grandson really loves it . very happy with it and the company bought it from also .
my 8 month old loves this ! he spends an incredible amount of time with it . definitely worth the money ! !
i got this for my grandson it has so many games within the perplexus epic the whole family can enjoy it .
our granddaughter , who is 3 , loves to copy her dad , so now she has her own golf bag with club !
there are not a lot to build with this set of lego's . i wish there were more to pieces to this set .
she loved this doll and was very happy to get it for her birthday . it came in time and is very pretty .
we love this game because there is so many different games in one . great for our three year old who loves to the look and find games .
going to buy more as gifts to kids and adults . way too fun and this product will last.wish it came with a door hanger .
another dragon that is super cute and went in a dragon themed nursery . he was a great addition to our dragon heard !
this puzzle is very sturdy and has large pieces . perfect for the little hands of my one year old granddaughter .
bought for christmas for my grand children , they like to " cook " i can't wait until they cook something for me on christmas ,
this is the review i been figuarets goku ssj 3 i don't know why cover in orange i think he was tanning in diretos
i bought this for my youngest granddaughter and she loves how she can give it a bottle and how it talks .
my 19 month old loved this toy ! it's absolutely gorgeous and a lot bigger than i expected.the quality is excellent .
i will only repeat what i said in my previous review on bizzy . best toy / stuffed pal for children ages 9 months to age 25 .
sturdy holds a lot of sand . very pleased with this for our outdoor use .
this charger is saving us a lot of battery shopping . the product is easy to use and keeps a good charge .
a must have in every toddler's toy box . nicely designed and colorful toy sure to give every little boy hours of fun .
my daughter go this for christmas . she played it all day on christmas . it is great and the challenge cards make it endless fun .
i definitely recommend getting this item . it is beautifully designed and made to last . it is the perfect size . much better than the plastic ones
i bought this as a cake topper . seemed well-made . looked great on top of a minecraft cube cake for my niece's b-day .
my 7 year old son loves to play this game . he is a visual kid so it keeps his interest . very easy to very hard . fun .
i actually hate this thing it's sooo loud ! haha but my just learned to walk 1 year old loooooves it .
excellent for a 6 year old girl who loves science and loves creepy ghoolish items . affordable and really really fun !
nice size bottles that look like they have milk and orange juice inside . bought for my 3 yr old granddaughter . fast shipping !
i thought this would be great to replace stickers , but it is too difficult for my 2 year old and the pad is too large for the car .
this play money is excellent to teach about money in school . i use it in my classroom all the time .
my daughter enjoys this book . there are many great learning activities for kids and i am glad we purchased this for her .
all of our kids seem to enjoy this toy . we have all the horses and accessories . our kids ages range from 1-9 years old .
dump trucks are part of my grandson's construction equipment and this one is built tough but is non-toxic . less concern about harmful products leeching into a child's body .
very pretty and a lot of detail ! i have had great results with all of these dolls and now my daughter's friends are asking for them , too !
this product was shipped on time and pereformed to expitations . was already tinned for easy solderingg . charged up and was in flight in about 10 minutes
purchased these cars along with a track for my grandson's 6th birthday . he loved it and plays with it constantly .
don't bother if you wants these spoons to actually play music . they aren't balanced correctly and don't make the right sound .
so yes , we are hooked . had to actually go to the store to purchase another one . thank you ! worth every penny .
i enjoy seeing my grandkids using blocks of any form vs playing video games . they spent hours building with these
was so excited to find this specific dream light . it is exactly as described in the picture . my son was over joyed when he opended this gift .
grandsons love them . papa loved them too . they took them on their trampoline and had a boxing match with papa and a 2 and 4 year old .
they are very beautiful cars .. i hope that my nephew enjoy them alot , because he has some brand's products . hightly recomended .
we liked this game so much we decided to buy the expansion . good party game for those that dont like too intense of games .
for some reason my kids showed no interest in this but i liked it . it was soft and squeeked well .
my children love jack and neverland pirates and love this toy . it works well and has been used quite a bit .
these break very easily and the chalk dust is everywhere ! ! they write well and we do use it regularly but nothing really special if you ask me !
great quality , very surprised at how durable they are . colors and patterns are bright and fun , perfect item for goody bag .
my 4 - month old daughter loves this toy ... it's great for tummy time as she enjoys the colors and the movements !
i didn't expect it to do much , but it broke right away and i had to glue it back together .
very durable , well made product that my girls play with all the time . they mostly use play characters of miniature disney princesses and happy meal toys .
my 6 year old son enjoyed putting it together and absolutely loves playing with it ! what more can i say ?
this is a perfect case ! hold my kids explorer and 2 extra games . would highly recommend to others . . .
it is very tiny but does just what it says it will do . cool to watch . my grandson ( age 8) wasn't all that interested in it .
a bit pricey for how small it is , but it is disney ... still very cute and will make a great gift .
my 1 year old likes these trucks . this is a good set of trucks for young toddlers as they are light and easy to maneuver . no cons .
most of u know star scream , sound wave and megatron . den u must have shock wave . why ? they are thunder buddy
my 3 yr old loves this app . i sit with her and watch her , she really is learning about the story of cinderella and enjoys it .
did not like the bands . some were fat and some were thing there was not consistey in the size of the bands .
a perfect reading item to assist child to pronounce and articulate words / vocabulary . enjoyable and fascinating for young children . well worth the price .
granddaughter loves this van , especially the noisy horn . the door comes off very easily - could have been slightly sturdier .
gil is adorable and very well made . he has had a few spins through the washer and still looks good . my granddaughter loves him !
i highly recomend these they are really awesome . i plan on doubling my order very soon . the colorsare very true to camo colors .
gift for my niece . she is going to love it . very well made . perfect for little girls . great christmas gift .
my daughter was really into this kind of stuff when i bought it for her and needless to say a couple years later she still uses it .
purchased for 20 month old . he enjoyed playing with it . doesn't always give a ringing tone - sometimes sounds a little dull .
i bought this for my three year old grandson . it was not easy to put together , but he loves it .
this is a very cute set and made available through amazon at a great price . the packaging was huge ! but , the pieces are fun .
the kids loved their batman rings on top of their cupcakes.they are sturdy hard plastic , not the flimsy like the ones at walmart
a gift for my 8 year old granddaughter on her birthday . this is what she told me she wanted , she loves it .
this gun is a huge hit with my son and the neighbor kids ! works well and does not jam
this was a fun playtime but we found the pages way too large for the young age . would probably be better for someone 6 or 7 years old .
this item was a gift . the recipient was happy to receive it and it went well with the doll that she received .
the chalk is good quality and arrived without being broken . i would buy this product again . my grandchildren really enjoy it !
the hangers were a good value and it is really nice to be able to hang the clothes up and keep them neat .
these are really nice and sturdy puzzles ! educational and fun , we recently gave it to my three little granddaughters and they seemed to enjoy it ...
the little girl that received this as a gift was totally happy with each item in the package , fits in well with all her other figures .
they are cute and they mostly serve their purpose , but they should make them a little bigger . the ones this small are fun but a bit worthless .
i am a vet and got this for my 6 yr old . very cute and he loves it . lots to do and folds up
saw this at the orthodontist . bought for an xmas present . we love it . great mind game and keeps us all thinking .
exactly like the ones that came with the sniper rifle . great for when you loose darts all through out the house .
the extra pan and plates are a great addition to the fisher price kitchen . grandchildren like the spaghetti and french bread .
bought this for my little cousin . he loves it . encourages him to use his imagination . very sturdy , well made toys ! love them !
three year old girls love barbie .. now add some stickers and a holiday and it's a real winner . cute doll with colorful clothing
great toy for elementary aged children and up ! connects with other hexbug sets to provide hours of entertainment ! those that come with the hexbug are preferable .
these are basically exactly what you think they are - colorful plastic leis . they come tightly packed in plastic . cut pieces of straw separate the flowers .
my three year old loves this toy . a lot of fun for pretend play . the colors are vivid and toppings were neat .
the item was designed to protect the i-pad so that no small children can drop and ruin the device . works well for my grandchildren .
the food items are pretty small and several are weird , but it will be okay for the kids to play with the food .
worked perfectly for the " super mario " surprise party my wife threw for me . very nice napkins and perfect for the fun we had .
we have been waiting for green toys to make a plane ! my 3 year old is thrilled with it and wants to bring it everywhere
my toddlers currently enjoy feeding and taking care of their " babies " so they loved getting these magic milk and juice bottles for their babies .
i got this to go with the step 2 swing for my granddaughter . it works fine and i haven't had any problems with it .
our grandson collects these things and loves them . this one was no exception . solid and good quality and color . we are very pleased with these .
great christmas present for a two year old that loves tiggger . he bounces moves his head and talks . adorable toy .
great product for the kids to consolidate legos - and build things other than cars , motorcycles , etc . one of the essential additions for a lego maniac !
this game is awesome . it has a funny smell though because of the cards . :) love it all around though !
she is cute with her hip hop outfit and the way her hair was done . it's different and i like it
we bought this for our granddaughter for xmas along with an accompanied video and book . the horse is battery powered and works just as promoted .
allows children to find their inner artist ! you also have to problem solve to find the mystery of the missing colors
gave these out as present for a bunch of kids they loved em and price was fair but don't expect them to last long
fun game to play with the kids that helps them use their imagination ! we might be buying the other ones too .
got this for my 5 yr old grandson for christmas . he is playing with it each time we stop by . very happy with it .
it came in a nice package . i don't recommend this toy if you don't have time to build him . just don't lock together very well .
i think my teenage son loves this basketball set just as much as my toddler son does ! it's great fun for the whole family !
straight from my 11yr old's mouth : " when you drive it , all the parts , such as the drill , automatically spin . it's awesome . "
this is nice and big finger painting paper . it has a great shiny texture , so little fingers glide easily over the page with their paint .
this is the perfect paper to be used with finger painting . my 7 year old daughter could easily rip the paper off .
you never know when you're going to need these , they're just handy to have around for those unexpected repairs . and you really can't beat the low price .
this was great to go with the shrinky dink maker . kids loved making designs over the holidays . great when your snowed in .
my five year old loves this game . if she's awake , she's asking to play it . very vivid and detailed pictures of the ponies .
we gave these out along with a mix cd as a party favor for a dance themed party for 4 - year-olds . they were a big hit !
this constructicon lives up to his name , as with the others he has a cool transformation , good detail , and great articulation
i looked everywhere for this guy for christmas and even after though february ... i was so happy to find this rat ! thanks !
my grandson loves to " mow " the lawn like his daddy - perfect toy ! he uses it all the time when he's outside !
the creator series are a little pricey , but you are able to make three different items with it.you can't go wrong with lego .
my son wanted a red yoshi and this fit the bill . not the best quality , comparable to a carnival prize stuffed toy .
american girl dolls and accessories make a great gift for the imaginations of little girls . my 7 year old granddaughter loves it .
well constructed & durable . my grandson loves to play with it . my granddaughter pretends school trips . bot kids have fun time
this is really neat . our grandkids love to have a campfire and roast wienies and marshmallows , so it fits the bill at our house .
great product . my daughter was very happy with the set . it's strong and nice looking too . just right for an 18 " doll .
nice little dog . my son liked him because he looks like rubble from paw patrol .
my 6 year old , 11 year old , and us can all enjoy this one . great to have on planes , the camper , the house .
another x-mas gift . so , it is still unopened . seems to be a new quality , still in the box leapster system . very happy
my three year old loves this and they are so affordable the faces one is great too you should buy
i got for my 4 year old son for christmas and played a little with it in the package . looks great and i think he will love it .
another huggable favorite for my granddaughter . she is all about the hugs and carries this with her everywhere , just in case .
this was a great toy for my tool loving nephew ! he loves it and plays with it all the time while daddy works too !
looks so real , i bought it with other dinosaurs and they formed a jurassic park on my shelf , great art work .
i have the horror movie collection set and i was looking for just one more and this was the coolest little zombie . very detailed for the size .
as always you can not go wrong with any of the die cast chuggers . irving will fit in wonderfully with the rest .
my granddaughter ( age 6 ) had asked for this specifically this past christmas . she played with it almost none stop for days ..
this set is cute , i really think that the fabric could be constructed with better quality material other then that it's cute .
my daughter loved to decorate her wand . it comes with a nice assortment of items and colors . would definitely buy again .
my niece loves playing with this set ! it has many uses past just baby doll feeding when used in pretend play .
well to go with the klippity klop stable i bought extra for grand daughter for christmas i know she'll love it .
this toy is very fun to build with . the only draw back is that there are only so many things you can build with this set .
my 2 year old daughter loves using these paint brushes , and they're great for little hands just learning to paint / draw / color .
arrived promptly , as pictured , no problems . this looked like a fun toy for one of my little tot friends , and good learning experience too .
i bought this for my 5 year old daughter . she loves it . it helps her with simple addition and subtraction . fun classic game
my parents played this game as teenagers and so my brother and i learned to play it too . it is very fun and all about sabotage !
my granddaughter loved this she is always wanting to take a bath and now she can have her doll in her own bathtub too . she loves that :)
my son enjoyed these from age 18 on . he likes sorting them by color and shape and is still playing with them at age 2 .
my son and daughter love this car . very sturdy . well constructed . i'm very surprised it's held up so well . pictures don't do it justice .
super cute little people set ... bought them for my daughter's birthday cake and she knew immediately who they were ! we love them !
fun little pool toy . no complaints and our daughter loved it . i think we got a duck or a bird or something .
these tools are the perfect size for my 3 - year old granddaughter , and they are sturdily made . i'm glad i bought them .
not much to say about this ... it's a good little plate to build on . nothing fancy , nothing bad about it .
great family fun , simple enough for even little ones to play ( supervised ) . we still love this for family game night .
great little inflatable ballsfun colors and actually hold air for weeks ! finally , found some good trampoline balls ! ! highly recommend :)
she especially likes to find swiper when he is trying to swipe something on the show it's so cute when she tells him swiper no swiping .
another good product from lego . it is well built and parts of the wings is challenging enough to make it fun . once built it is very sturdy .
and true to color . a perfect beanie baby for little blues clues fans . our little girl likes him a lot .
very cute , large unicorn . my girls love horses so this was a no-brainer buy . i am even considering getting the purple one to match for christmas .
we got this for our daughter's 5th birthday party and all her friends and her absolutely love them . would definitely recommend .
my 4 year old daughter loves dora the explorer this game is great works awsome and haven't had any issues .
my 5 year old grandson sleeps with this every night ! soft and cuddly . if your kids are fans of angry birds , they'll love it !
purchased this as a gift for someone who works on the highway department . he liked that the face changed moods and wants a larger version for his desk .
this was a christmas gift for my son . he really likes it a lot ! i recommend it for anyone who has a tmnt fan in their life .
i love the dead tired dolls they are probably my favorite out of the monster high dolls besides the originals .
this is an effective bracelelt maker . it works very well . does need a little adult help though , but a good quality toy .
my grandson loves this toy , his face lit up when he received this item . its durable and very easy to maneuver .
got this for my 6 year old son who is really into inventions . he loves being able to make different things with this set .
these are great little pots of paint and the fact that they are washable makes it even better because clean up is super easy .
my son is going to enjoy for years on . very happy with my purchase.great for little boys to grow with , and it comes with a ball included .
this outfit is so cute . very well made and a great price . a great alternative to the very pricy american girl products .
it was the exact replacement motor i needed and worked great in the helicopter . it arrived on time and is a quality replacement for the f645 .
perfect for the skating outfits i am making for my dolls and the girls just love them and so do i .
these added to our collection of bricks , extending the fun and creativity . new colors also helped with building new items .
wonderful price and love the color , i will be back to get more , my daughter say there is a lot of colors
but why don't the girl elves come with the skirt ? would that extra scrap of fabric bankrupt the company ? seriously ?
my granddaughter has two from this collection and she uses them for imaginative play , and in her fairy garden which sits in the dining room window .
the kids love to pretend play and enjoy playing spies . the watch was a great addition to their play time .
these were fun and entertaining for the kids . they were part of the goody bags for my daughter's 5th birthday .
this is a very interesting game that will keep the kids occupied for hours . good alternative to the video games . good value .
i got this at the same time i got the main game . it's as much fun as all the reviews say .
i have a nephew that love turtle and legos , so i thought i cant go wrong here , and i didnt . he loved it .
purchased as a gift . i have fond memories of the antics we got into and the laughs we shared over this game .
does what you tell it to do ... usually . it is a blast to fly.it is practically bullet proof ... you will love it
the one we got isn't nearly as roundly fluffy as the one shown . hope it'll be better with some brushing .
my one year old loves this tent . we bought a tunnel for it as we'll . he plays in this at least 15 minutes 2x a day .
so much fun and looks darn real when it is on the floor and you walk into a room ; i have to look twice every time !
got these for my 3 year old . she loves them . she will sit and do all 5 pages and then want to start over .
super simple pirate hats . kids loved them ! parents even got in on the fun too ! it was great to use them and toss them out .
adorable . my kids love these and the bath bottle . great for pretend play and matching , too ... with the removable color coded tops !
i love legos ! my nephew and son both do too ! they are only 4 and 5 and can build pretty much anything already ! lego !
lots of toppings , easy to assemble for my 2 year old . pan included . another great toy from melissa & doug .
how can you not love this ? we use these figures when playing the phineas and ferb monopoly game . much improved experience !
we have had a blast playing this game ! i bought it for a friend's child and we all played it , kids and adults alike .
purchased this playset for our young grandson for christmas . he immediately went into ' fantasy ' mode . very sturdy and can handle rougher play .
... but most of the other people i have played with have not liked it so much , so it hasn't gotten much play .
i bought several puzzles and was very happy with the construction of these puzzles . what a great idea for little pre - schoolers .
my 3 year-old loves his dinosaur / car ! the batteries last awhile in this toy which is great and he has lots of fun with it .
this was a winner with the grandsons . in fact they fought over it so much i had to buy the version with the cars !
the grandkids just love all my little people stuff . this is great for the youngest ones as it is just their size .
i like this . i would tempted to order this for myself . just because i enjoy things like this . really good quality .
the truck is cool , the garage doors are great , the second floor is awesome . this is middle america circa 1940
finally a way to paint without the mess of painting . my two year old even loved the paint and was able to easily use it !
i got this for my boyfriend for christmas . he loves her and the show . it is very cute . and i know he will love this
hours of fun at the beach or in the yard . really gets the kids running and laughing .
your up and coming photographer will love this camera ! great product , very durable , works perfectly ! item arrived on time and just as described !
i gave it to my niece for her first birthday ! great castle , it sings and its pink , what's not to love !
my daughter got this for her birthday . she really likes it . i would recommend buying this if your child is into barbies .
have liked all wooden railway cars in this line & hiro is no exception ! well made . my son loves him .
arrived exactly on time . very good quality . very nice size and durable construction .. extras like velcro strap included.without additional cost .
this is so fun for my kids to play with . they love it ! you sould see them when they play with them !
purchased for my 5 year old son's train track . seems well made and he loves the options it gives when building tracks .
bought this for my son and niece for christmas . i think they will love it . my son is always trying to take my camera .
my 4 year old son loves to cook and this allowed him to make us pizza on the beach . my 7 year old daughter liked it too !
easy to blow up and seems sturdy so far . love the shade canopy and the cushion of the inflatable base .
these guitars are adorable , children love them and they are the perfect size for a 2-6 yr old . i would recommend them .
we love this . only downfall is that it's a lot of little pieces to keep up with / putting together over and over again .
very cool dump truck built to last . i remember as a kid how tonka trucks would last forever and this new version seems to be just as tough !
he love it . says he's a kangaroo ! gets rid of his energy ! i like that you can make it different sizes !
this phone is cute and perfect for a two year old . was it worth $ 30 no . nothing that great about it . just your average leapfrog toy
this is a really cool imaginext apatosauris figure . it has lots of accesories and the firing gimmick works perfectly . i totally recommend it .
i bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it ... it makes her feel like a princess ... it's perfect for little hands
this is very nice and it fits nicely and protects from scratches and things of that nature ! i would definitely recommend this to a friend !
bought some for some of my students . they had blast playing it . held up better than i thought it would /
if this is for a 6 year old boy . its great but small pieces and will break fast thank you
these are cute and were a hit at our safari themed party . the magnets on the back work fine on metal .
this set worked with thomas the train . the elephant as a bit dark in color , but great price compared to other train sets .
my youngest grandson has an engineering mind . he has been kept busy for quite a while with this toy . thanks
this is the transformer rescue bots energise optimus prime figure , my grandson loves playing with it , changing from a truck to a robot .
my grandson will be thrilled with this as a christmas gift ! it arrived in good time , was wrapped well , and it is very cute .
the case is awesome , the size is correct for a little 2 year old boy , the material look durable and the details are just like the picture .
my son loves all the instruments in the band in a box . super fun and a noisy good time . fantastic !
got this for my nephew for christmas & he loved playing with the only thing is that the plug doesn't hold the pressure of him bouncing on it .
if you like harley quinn figurines then this is a must for your collection . mattel does a nice job of capturing the alluring craziness of the character .
it was a great buy and great find . not even leapfrog.com had this so happy with my purchase . would be it again .
still in box since it is a gift for someone else , but my kids are enjoying pushing the talking button ! will be a great gift
these small cans are perfect for little hands and big imaginations . great for little shoppers and cooks . nicely done as are most of the doug and melissa toys
i love this train because it's blue however the paint does chip off within a few days . i love the toy
this reading and writing system are very useful for kid's learning , especially the pen gives a lot of knowledge for learning letters , vocabulary , and sentences .
we love these . this one we got to give as a gift ! awesome !
short and simple . came in the mail , is infact knifehead , and i was really impressed with the detail . very awesome .
my daughter got frustrated every time she tried to stick them to t he wall , tub or to each other . going back .
and getting the ice / salt balance down isn't easy , but once you get going it's fun and produces tasty treats . big ups from the daughter .
i purchased this for my home when my grandkids come over . i thought it was a great idea and i would highly recommend
the animals themselves are very cute and cuddly but there should be more zippers for closings . it is hard to stuff them .
highly recommend this game , my girls aged 5 and 7 seem to have hours of entertainment from it , havent got sick of it yet !
lots of money for such a small item ! i thought these were the big ones . they are tiny little figures !
one of my favorite games to play with my toddler and 4 yr old . they love it as well . great rainy day game !
these are true black and come with about 50 c clips . great for bracelet making with my daughter and son .
i got this for my youngest granddaughter and she just loves in she plays with up and down the hall .
our 16 month old loves to load this cart with other toys and push it around the house . i was happy to find it online . good quality .
now it's busted . waste of money.target has a great bubble gun w / 6 ' wand ' openings and a fan . buy that .
i was extremely impressed with this product . it far exceeded my expectations . the packaging was remarkable . a fine addition to anyone's collection .
my daughters had shrinky dinks when they were younger and really enjoyed them . hope the granddaughter will enjoy these as much as her mother did .
a fun game for kids . i love the storage drawer and how it has several different playing levels . the kids in my classroom love this game .
my two year old loves it , the toy that makes him laugh the most , he is having a lot of fun with it
quality of board and materials was subpar . just not the game i remember playing . however , we still enjoyed the game !
they fit well with our other tracks and solve that problem when you have many bridges and additions that mess up your matches .
my son is 2 1/2 and is now starting to play with this . he enjoys playing with the ladders . great quality product .
was excited to find this camera on amezon . i couldnt believe how low the price was . my son was thrilled to get this for his leapster .
great . looks like him . great colors and expression . i have the whole collection now since i got this one . happy
i remember these as a kid ... and now my son loves them . markers were all in perfect condition and can be used for lots of fun .
it works great , good gift for grandchild , fun in a dark room , fascinating for young child ( under parental supervision ) , battery powered
this is perfect for my grand daughter that is just learning to walk . she loves her little puppy a lot .
my daughter loves playing with these cups in the bath ! the holes in the bottom of the cups make a waterfall that she loves to play with .
really small set , but a great little set for young lego builders , nice carrying case . my kids like that the wings really move .
my granddaughter at 6 months enjoyed playing with this . can use it on the go or in grandmas lap .. so cute
my niece loves these little characters . i bought this one for easter and she loved it . the little animals are soft and cuddly .
i am ex marine but if my 5 year wants this , he get's it . so he now got for birthday and loves it .
as long as granddaughter is happy i am happy . would recommend for any child who loves monster high doll and is younger than seven
i haven't given this magiclip doll to my great-granddaughter yet . but they love the ones they have already . it came as advertised .
we purchased this as a gift for our granddaughter and she is in heaven . i'm sure she's going to spend endless hours playing with all the fun gadgets .
it is the amazing gestalt predaking , nothing else comes close . this is not the knock off , this is the real deal . awesome for collector's .
great learning tool for a 5 year old who wants to play store ! pair this with a cash register and it is hours of fun !
the product arrived defective , the metal plate to activate the batteries was missing . huge waste of my money . will not recommend this .
these magnetic sets are super for taking along to keep kids busy . my granddaughter loves george and she plays with her set frequently .
my kids love to make bracelets from these bands - they seem sturdy so far , and there were plenty of them .
three and 1/2 year old grandson liked this set . too many little parts for age limit on package of 2 + . suggest change to 3 .
excellent gift for my grandson , and i have to say that i was very pleased to work together with him on this lego .
this model looks very life-like . the coloring and the features are great . my grandsons are really into dinos and he is very popular with them .
the fruit looks fairly realistic and is good quality for the price . my 18 month old son enjoys playing with these .
great package with lots of x-rays . the grandkids loved it . the have had fun playing vet and healing their stuffed animals
batteries were almost dead when it arrived , but appears to be a fun toy . look forward to giving it to him .
i have to say this is a awesome puzzle set . my granddaughters love anna & elsa & putting puzzles together.well worth the price
this came right on time . it is a gift for my son . he is going to love it . these arrows are either soft tipped or suction .
the old school classic potato head ! no way to go wrong with this purchase . it's the same as it always was
adorable toy and keeps my little 11 month old so excited ! he is exhilerated by this toy ! great bright colors and full of excitment !
i gave this game to my grandson for his 10th birthday . he was so excited . he plays it often with his friends .
bought these to give to the children with a activity book during my reception . so convenient and everyone loved the idea !
exceeded expectations so i bought another . nothing more to say . the product speaks for itselfi had two of each kind
these figures are robust , safely colored and ab excellent companion for trolley . my lo loves his and they are perfect for small hands to use
my daughter definitely isn't the usual bug catching kinda girl but with this bug catcher she feels like its ok to like bugs and like pink .
a gift for our granddaughter to go with the grand doll house that we gave her last year for christmas . she was delighted and it is really cute .
i like the inchworm a lot . my son likes it as well . the only problem is that the spring action wears out rather quickly .
kids love it . bought 3 set and the boys combine them for more fun .
great fun for all who play . gets lots of giggles from the grandchildren . a great way to play for hours on end .
it was worth the wait ! if you are a fan you will need to get your hands on this godzilla !
toy is good for the price but unlike other angry birds i have , this one does not have bright colors . it is dull in comparison .
my son loves all of the angry bird pluah toys . they hold up well and the sounds are good . good purchase . :)
it took him awhile to learn to flip the ants , but was a good experience and good game . he was happy to open it at christmas .
great idea if it worked all the time . the door sticks and you have to pull it open and the micro phone doesn't work very well .
get this doll trust mebetween her look the outfit boots i love thisbest of the line in my opinion
this is a very sweet doll and it lights up well , but my daughters don't seem to play with it much beyond occasionally pushing the button .
you can't go wrong with these great brushes . they are so soft and easy to clean . great for toddler hands .
all the neighborhood kids love this game ! it's rated 10 + but my six year old knows what to do . he's definitely hooked on this game .
i love lighthouses my mom loves lighthouses lighthouses are my mom save it and so they are mine where are the best
both of my kids ( 18 months and 3 years ) love to play with this set . i will be buying more to add to our collection .
a nice product to keep my son's lego parts stationary and in one location without having to step on it when he's playing with his legos on the floor
we bought this as a christmas present for our nephew . our son loved this toy and still plays with it on occasion even at age 3 .
its a nice big toy so it wont get lost or forgotten too fast . brother loved it so it has my vote
legos ... how can you go wrong :) it was a christmas gift for my grandson ... he seemed to like it .
santa made a hit with this turtle with my 5 year old grandson . he has a huge collection of turtle toys but needed one more raphael .
this is a great toy and we are very happy with it . the description was accurate and we are glad we bought it .
the kids like it but i will be surpised if last more than a few games . i would rather pay more and get more sturdy game .
bought for grand-daughter . was able to get it on sale so i save some $ . really cute doll and outfit .
after some ikea-like putting together this is a very cute bed that fits most dolls . my daughter is very happy with it
elisabat is adorable and sized right along with howleen and twighla as the younger girls in the school . petite and fierce in her plum purple .
seems to have a firm grip , steady ... great for leappad and awesome color , looks just like the picture . recommend ! great !
my four year old daughter has had a great time doing the crafts included in this box . great value , and lots of entertainment !
my grandson loves the weird creature and plays with it constantly.he also takes it on long car trips and visits .
she plays with it everyday and i have 2 little ones of my on that wants the set so i am buying more now lol thank u
i saw her in target . very cute . shes also 16.99 there if you would like to save yourself a few thousand dollars ...
got this for my nephew , and he loved it . i have bought other bruder trucks for my kids and their quality is always excellent !
this item comes in pieces , and will never go back in place . it lastest only a few hours of therapy . don't waste your money
my four year old grandson picked this toy up and immediately started to spelling out words . he loves this toy and so does his mother .
great for gift like my daughter love toy story and pixar character . she play and they still holding i recommend .
i bought this at a garage sale a year ago . it still looks brand new , and all the eggs still squeak . such a well made toy .
cute punching bag . don't pay more than a few dollars for this as it won't last long , but its fun while it lasts !
gave these as a gift to a little boy - he enjoys playing with them is very happy with the gift !
we bought this for our nephews birthday but his mom played with it more on the first day than he did !
colorful and easy to use . lots of fun and a great play kitchen toy . nice toy for either a boy or girl .
my son loves to stand on this . it's great for any child w / autism or sensory issues . it can be used many different ways , improving imagination
this goes up to 80lbs . it works great . seems super sturdy . kids use it on grass , dirt , and pavement . works perfectly !
my child has enjoyed these toys from 6 months - 15 months old so far ... we just bought this as a gift for a friend .
some of the accessories are a little small for younger children but the detail and quality of this product are perfect ! !
fun game i played it for hours when i got it . great graphcs . i would recommend this .
it did not have any of the problems that have been mentioned here.there were 10 kids here this christmas and this toy stood up to constant use !
my 4 year old nephew and also my husband both love this toy . i would recommend it to anyone who likes star wars .
the roll pin comes off each time i move it around or try to roll back paper or something ... poor quality , on my list of returns .
the material is ok for the ball that it comes with . is not that big deal ... but is a great introduction de baseball for kids .
love this lego set . we built the log cabin 3 different ways and we enjoyed it , now its part of our lego box with the rest .
two year old nephew loved the drill in this set more than any of his other christmas presents .
angry birds star wars 5 " plush - han solo - thank you , the item fits well with my buil a bear collection
its another plastic toy but my kids enjoyed it longer than most games . it will do until the next fad arrives .
durable fun little characters and creatures from the octonauts . i don't normally like branded toys but these are so cute and fun .
my kids love this and the wing action is amazing with the spinning from a dress to wings ! best barbie ever !
soft and cuddly . my son loved him . very large . just as represented in picture . looks very realistic.packaged nicely . great toy ! ! !
fast shipping , arrived safely and is exactly what's in the picture . i am happy with the purchase and im sure ill be getting more .
they really enjoy riding around inthis the top did end up coming off but that was ok with us , the kids like looking all around
our daughter wanted a train set for her third birthday and this set of tracks was the best deal around !
got these for the goodie bags for party favors for my daughters birthday . kids seemed to like them , they were a big hit
extra batteries for your double horse 9053 are a must . these were just like the original one and worked fine .
i haven't played yet , but the cute minions figures and fun have me excited to play this new version of monopoly .
i love plantoys , but my son quickly pulled apart the excavator toy . that was rather frustrating as these are expensive little toys .
well enjoyed by 2 and 4 year old---a last minute purchase that saved me money and got to the house before cmas .
my 7year old daughter and i had a great time assembling metal beard . the instructions are easy to follow and the resulting figure is well designed .
this doll is very cheap plastic ! the dress rips easy and the sparkles go everywhere ! my daughter loves elsa but this doll is for the birds
my 2 year old loves these animals ... i like that it talks and makes the animal sounds ... this is very nice .. 5 stars ! ! !
my 9 year old daughter loved putting the dolls together . cheaper than the monster high ones , and you can make 2 complete dolls .
i did think the dress would fold with the pretty side out but that is ok with the granddaughters.so thrilled and happy to have her .
this is good educational toy as it gives basic idea about small alphabet letters as well as starting three letter words making
bought this w / blue bean bag for my ( 4t ) son . most adorable interactive tool and the extra supply of paper is greatly appreciated !
my grandson loves this thing and i am happy . would recommend this for any boy or girl ho loves to be outdoors and have some fun .
this is just a wonderful gift for the little ones they can draw , pant and not get anything on them or the carpet .
i got this train for my granddaughters birthday.the music it plays sounds really pretty not cheap.she liked playing with the animals , she han't mastered it pushing yet .
bought this for my son . so he wouldn't leave his leapreader laying around . cheaper then at store . still holding up
this gun is really pretty accurtate and super easy to find the big bullets after they have been shot inside or out . great toy !
would have given this item 5 stars , but the cost made me chose 4 stars instead . great christmas present for him .
product is as the pictures shows . strong colors . nice selection . grand daughter will love these new bands and enjoy the selection of colors
my 5 year old can carry around his built legos nicely on this board . i need to buy a few more ! !
this set is just as you would expect from lego . our daughter likes playing with it and it was nice that there were two girls included .
i purchased these for a 90s theme party i recently had , and they were a big hit . my friends are still rocking them , months later .
i find this doll extremely cool , from her rockabilly style to her interesting birth mark . she is definitely a great addition to any monster high collection .
a big hit with a five year old last christmas ! we are playmobil addicts . the light up headlights bar is a clincher .
this plush toy is great it is fun to play with and i would recommend it to any body who loves mario toys
very cute to go along with the elf on the shelf . we found our elf , snowflake & friends playing the game one morning .
the point of this was to put in gift bags for party favors so wanted them individually wrapped . also 144 pieces means 72 pairs fyi
great mat . easy to use and clean and dries fast . will be buying again so my child can have double work area .
we love the octonauts , great non-violent cartoon with fun characters and creatues , looking forward to acquiring more . durable and easy to put together
my daughter likes this little train set with its parts . she loves moving the train around , up and off loading it . it feels of good quality
there's not much to the toy itself so it is hard to pay almost $ 10 for it but amazon did have the best price around .
wish there was more flexibility in choosing the outfit , expression and position on head on this doll . it's like a crap shoot .
this stuffed hedgehog is fuzzy and soft . you can move it very easily . he is a great color and very cute ! 🐧 🐧 🐧
love it but disappointed that draculaura's pet bet is not included like deuce gorgon and cleo denile as they both have both pets included ...
my son is in love with cars and so mater was a awesome gift for him ! ! ! he loves to play with is lighting mcqueen with mater
my son isn't in 2nd grade , but he's getting a head start with this cartridge while he's in 1st . good price point and received it quickly .
if your child likes garbage trucks they will enjoy this one . sturdy and they can put their toys in it .
i was surprised to find this doll for such a great price as she is an older addition . looking forward to all the upcoming new releases .
this was easy for my 5 year old grandson to make , and even though it is pretty small , he really likes it .
my 10 month absolutely loves this toy . it is , by far , his most favorite toy ever . he always wants to play with it !
purchased this as a gift for my grandson and he loved it . i'm not totally familiar with how they work but the boys seem to love them .
this toy was great ! the wheels can come of but this toy i would still highly reccomend it good toy
this is a great doll and set you get 3 outfits and 3 shoes what more could you ask for and she is so pretty !
good so far after day # 2 . we get a lego advent calenar every year and they are a great tradition for the season .
got this and my son loves it ! perfect little figure to play with and the comb jelly is a awesome bath tub toy since his spots change color .
bought this food & the fruit for my 2 yr old daughter for her play kitchen . it is well made & my daughter loves it .
light weight but well made . bought this set for my 2 year old that loves helping in the garden . spray bottle i received was yellow .
these are the best plastic , play veggies you will find . my daughter loves them and they are very realistic in size and color . highly recommend !
this slide is perfect for the 2 and 3 years old toddler . the item is very sturdy and very easy to assemble .
you cannot go wrong with lego or mater . this is the cutest little set and the instructions were good enough for my 6 year to work .
i work in the medical field and bought these for fellow employees , they loved them and so do i . pretty cool
very cute and great for small hands . not overly noisy and annoying and little children will enjoy learning to make sounds with it .
this toy is not only pretty and has good quality , but your kid will really play with it so i guess its a hit
maybe i just got lucky but i didn't get any duplicates . my kids love the cards they got not any power no foil but still worth the money
these are great cars , durable , great fro toddlers . from hasbro who was not caught up in the toxic toys scandal of 2007-2008 .
oh , disney has the best games for kinder level educational purposes from the newest movies . ie : exciting classroom center time !
best thing ever . everything stays together and travels well . kids now take their technology with them almost everywhere . great value .
a unique beyblade , looks different than any other i have seen . spins very well , long and smooth . it's currently my sons favorite .
both grandchildren love it so much and play with the other set and this . i like the quality so both of us are happy .
used these at a restaurant as stir sticks . they really helped sell the drink of the month . guests had fun with it !
looks great and very well made , this was a christmas gift for my grand daughter and she loved it , great ! ! !
a good toy for girls who like care bears . they look like the real ones and give a good variety for girls to pick their favorites .
i bought this so that my 3 year old son could power his leappad if needed while on the go . great idea !
our 4 year old has a ton of bats and wanted a wooden one , he absolutely loves this one ! thanks
this was on my niece's wish list so obviously she wanted it and loves it . nice size , very colorful dolls .
this was the perfect item to go along with the gift of hexbugs . the little boy that received them was really thrilled .
these are great bathtub toys . i am always looking for toys that won ’ t mold and these are great , i highly recommend them !
perfect little game for our 3 year old who loves cars . no complaints . all pieces there . lots of pieces actually . hours of family fun !
my son absolutely looooves this cartridge . it's fun for him all around and teaches him words , reading , and games ! definitely a fav
my 10 year old loves putting this together and we super glued it so we wouldn't have to worry about the flying lego toy crashing into many pieces.thanks !
my daughter bought this to go with her ariel doll . fantastic set and she is just thrilled to have them both ,
my daughter loves it ! she can build over and over on it . it works with all the logo duplo legos :)
perfect bunny to give to a child at easter or any other time . this is very soft and cuddly , and well made . instantly loved .
ok idea but not much fun in the playing . we probably should just keep to the original games and avoid the spin-offs .
this is a very very handy product , we love to color in our house and this offers crayons in a wide variety of colors , perfect !
my daughter is just getting into monster high and this was her first doll . well made , no defects and cheaper than the store .
this was a birthday gift for my grand daughter and she was very excited when she opened it . haven't seen it decorated yet .
this is one of the coolest lego creator sets . very easy to build and my son loves it .
it is very good and i like how it folds . i wish it came with more trains . my son really likes playing with it .
got this figure for less than 12 during the holiday season . its well built and fun to transfer . looks great in my man cave . springer rocks !
there's nothing to dislike about a big box of legos , except the price . but we pay more to avoid plastic chinese junk , so it's worth it .
thomas pieces are just right for little fingers to play with , and carry around in a pocket ! good buy !
this game is great for sight words but my kids get tired of it after playing it a few times .
my 1 yr old grand-daughter loves this swing . it is very sturdy and provides a very safe swing for a child of this age .
our kid will get interested in this only once in a while , but then loses interest quickly . there are other games that he likes better .
put the fun in the indoor camping experience for our seven year old grandson .
all good here . good figure . etc etc etc . needs to come with a figure stand though now that i think on it .
if you're going to get the michonne action figure , you can't go wrong also getting both of her pets ! the three together make a wonderful set .
the buy for my son , he has tree years old , why not enjoy , the planes is good material .
wooden puzzles are somewhat hard to find . i love these puzzles and so does my daughter . she just turned two and loves to do these puzzles .
both 5 year old grandsons carry these birds wherever they go . toys have been through the mill and are holding up beautifully . durable ! !
friend's 2 - year-old loves it ! it her favorite show and it great to throw in the washing machine when it gets dirty .
we all love this toy ! it shoots high and even our 3 yr.old can get it to go high ! a lot of fun ! ! !
good idea and looks very nice . especially at the night when street begin to glow this puzzle looks attractive
cute set to use with ag dolls - no chalk with slate , but easily remedied ; size appropriate to ag dolls ; good buy
love this and he loves playing with it . it stands up to his rough play as he does with all his toys .
this was a gift to my great grandson . i can't honestly rate it , but it looks like a toy any one year old would like .
great toy , durable , my 4 year old grand son has no issues working it .
my son loves transformers and i bought to get the whole collection . he crash them and drops them and they still look good .
my niece hasn't loved a toy this much since her swing ! all the fun and interesting gadgets and do dads keep her entertained for hours !
not a high quality product . i did receive it in a reasonable time frame . it's not as good as i thought . overall , it will work .
the product was as pictured , the girls really enjoyed it and there were enough stickers to allow for multiple projects .
the set had no storage box nor stand . loose to keep but seems alright still .
my 4 - year-old daughter loves the orb factor mosaic sticky tiles . she is entertained for hours of playtime . well worth the money for me !
it is cute and my granddaughter loves it . just as pictured . easy to make minnie laugh and her bow lights up too .
these batteries are the exact replacement batteries for the sh 9100 and sh 9116 and are the same size if you need to replace
the puzzle itself is cute but the individual pieces are pretty flimsy and started to bend and break immediately . .
its really slow and bad barley turns i whould buy the ford mustang 1967 way better . so buy that insted
its great i like all the duplo sets . keeps my 20 month old entertained more than any other toy we have .
i agree with the other reviews . we haven't used it yet , but it looks like it is made cheaper than the old ones .
this is a great gift as opposed to a barbie . these are very detailed toys and come with some fun accessories to play with .
two 4 - yr-old grandsons have thoroughly enjoyed these kits - playing with them for extended periods of time . they seem to be congenial with imagination .
this is a great party favour - my teenage gave these out as tokens for attending her birthday party - will order them again .
our newphew loves cars 2 & this ebook was a great christmas gift ! he's learning to read while having fun !
arrived on time good shape fun game for kids with little bees falling out of hive when sticks are removed
my daughter said this was a big hit , even the older kids were playing with it ! it kept their interest !
i feel the miniatures are great , rate them as a 5but the flight stand a 3.the game system rules are a 3
bought these to go with the noah's ark for my 2 year old great nephew . perfect in every way ! he is enjoying play with them so much .
works great and doesn't have a lot of small pieces and is easy for our toddler to assemble and disassemble . he particularly loves the drill .
granted , the blocks i remember were just one color - wood . however , these are great small size blocks for small hands .
we have a dragon and knights themed room for the next grand child . this is one of the cutest and unique dragon we found for the room
all of the harry potter fans had a great time playing this version . questions and clips cover casual to devoted followers .
purchased for 6 - yr old grandson . he and his siblings put together in no time . like all lego's , they are awesome !
this console costs way too much . i returned this because it wasn't worth the investment . you can't do anything without live .
we have family game night once a week and this game is one of the favorites . it's easy and fun and everyone can play even the little ones .
absolutely darling and well made for my 5 year old jake carzy grandson ! he really loved it , canon and all ! !
i like this omnitrix the only thing that i don't like is when you move the ring of the omnitrix it make a lot of noisy
hot wheels are a must at our home and so this package went well with the car loader truck . nice price for a few of them
i ordered two of these puzzles for my grandson . the chunky puzzle pieces are perfect for little hands and little fingers .
really nice , they come in really handy when setting a train track in the middle of your living room . . . hours of fun with the little ones
i love this product , it's a perfect size paints for my toddler . it has an okay variety of colors , that could use some improvement
good quality item . my son loves it ! he loves sticking his whole hand in boo's mouth as the mouth is much deeper than you would expect .
an essential expansion for the original . you can play this as a stand alone or get this instead of the base set .
kids had a fun time wrestling and riding and beating this guy .. good quality ..
althought i wasnt fortunate to get the other movie versions of this figure , i like the version as a replacement to add to my collection
love this kitchen , good price very good quality ! girls love it , like momys kitchen ! . . . . .
seriously ... if you didn't know ... you might think these things were real . glad i bought them and better yet ... nothing got broken ... :)
i bought many thomas trains to add to those that children in the familyalready have . they ( the children ) love them all .
i was expecting some pretty vibrant colors from the packaging , but the colors of the chalk seem quite muted . my kid doesn't seem to mind though .
my son loves police and fireman and asked for a fire hose for his 4th birthday . this was exactly what he wanted . it's very cool !
these are a great quality set , but i wish the blocks were larger since my daughter is still under 2 .
my son loves angry birds . this same toys are 10 $ at walmart . so it was good buy online . colors are bright . overall good product .
this dress is any little girls dream . i'm sure i'll have to make my granddaughter one to match . top quality .
seam well made but they are lighter than i though they would be . the handles are also made of plastic and i though they would be wood .
my daughter loves these type of stuffed animals . very soft . i'm happy with my purchase and would buy again . happy .
i think the glowsticks don't hold there color very long and the lighter colors dont look very bright compared to the darker ones
my 6 year old blind grandson just loves this . makes music and jack jumping out of the box is so much fun for him .
these were a hit at christmas . they are still a hot 6 months later . innovative and keeping the young minds curious enough to keep playing .
i did not get these colors so i am very unhappy . but i hate having to return things so now i am just giving it away .
this gift was well received , but i did not get to see it played . so my comments are limited . thanks .
she is reading all the harry potter books and is collecting as many lego sets as possible . she assembled this on her own and loves it !
not too difficult to build for a five year old and fortunately not too easy to wreck either . a great ninjago vehicle .
my grandson was so happy with this gift and we have had a lot of fun playing with it and he is learning about money .
i bought this item for grandchild . he loved it . would recommend this item . i was very satisfied with the order .
i bought this for my nephew . he absolutely loves it . he's 3 years old and wanting to learn new things
too simplistic and nothing to it . i am returning it , because my four year old hasn't looked at it . definitely for a much younger child .
all of my kids love this toy . it is made of good quality and they are having fun with it . ! ! a great buy . ! !
this mat is made of a pretty thick plastic and has held up to multiple uses and twisting , pleased with it .
it's just old fashion fun for my grandchildren . i told them it's something like what i used to play with .
i wouldn't purchase this , because the wings break ( have had several made from this material and they break easily ) . don't .
this toy was perfect and was exactly what he was looking for the toy works well and seems pretty stable .
the aurora plush bella " siamese cat " flopsie is soft yet sturdy enough to sit in its sphinx position . nice stuffed plush toy .
with or without the cards my asd children love the alphabets . we use them on every activity we have in our home ..
they are magnetic kids letters . you get upper and lower case of each letter . if you have kids , most of these get lost immediatly .
fast shipping ! good quality rubber bands , for you loomers out there get it ! ! ! one rubber band did break though . i recommend
this is a great addition to the crayola toys we have gotten for our granddaughter , and she loves it . recommended
these are a fun addition to my sons train set . definitely helps make tracks fit when you don't have the right angle . kids think they are cool !
and super fun to play . i bought a bunch as they were giving them away and we gave them for xmas gifts . fabulous classy present .
kids love making necklaces for themselves and others . it helps them with patience , hand eye coordination and learning their colors .
since this was a gift i cannot comment on the quality on say that it arrived in the time that it was expected .
i bought this for my five year old for christmas and she loves decorating and making her own headband and bracelet creations .
nice size for my two year old who loves dora and her friends . seems well made and she loves it .
these switch tracks have made a great addition to allow just about any configuration and the grandson just loves all the ways he can setup the track now .
my granddaughter loves scooby doo , and this one is very well made which makes me happy . now if i could find the rest of the gang !
my 2 and 4 yr old love this game ! ! ! very cute and a great way to practice number recognition and counting .
i bought 2 of these , one for my daughter and one for my nephew . they both love it . it's so soft and cuddly !
these a well prepared slides for a 6 year old to begin exploring his miniature world and sharing the results with parents and peers .
it take a good part for a good product . syma is the way to go.you can not make a mistake with company on your side .
this is still a great game from children to adult . a rainy day favorite or when we have company over . easy to play .
i've bought different thinkfun games for my son and his cousins . they are always great fun to play and enjoyed by everyone ; including the adults .
my nephew is all about this kind of stuff . a great idea for any younger boy or girl and keeps them busy
changes colors as it spins . the kids love it , i found myself playing with it too ! it works as advertised .
we got this game today and have played it several times ! it is a lot of fun for both me and my just turned 8 year old daughter .
my grandson loves these puzzles and i am happy to , because they are very educationaland are very good for any children .
i used this as a small grab item and have not actually used it myself , however , the person who received it said it was fun
albeit there is lots of luck involved , the game offers enough choices to really have fun . it's one we take on hikes and to restaurants .
does what it is meant to do . not sure what else can be said about it.good price here on amazon compared to other local stores.entertained daughter
fit perfectly on wagon and easy to use . a little low for kids view out . love it and will use regularly
having a bunch of the expansions is also nice , and the box is large enough that you can certainly fit additional expansions inside . love it !
much less expensive than other brands and they hold their shape extremely well . so long as they are not abused or dried out , they're great .
other than being very pretty , i don't get why this game has such high reviews . this is coming from someone who loves lotr and mtg .
my kids seem to like these better than lego . you can build so much with this set and they spend hours just creating new things . seems sturdy .
a greast gift idea for that mad scientist in your life . gift for my six year old nephew . alot of fun .
this was purchased as a gift about a year ago and was from a perfect seller . the helicopter however breaks constantly and has to have pieces replaced .
we got this for our daughter for easter and she is still playing it she loved it and there was a lot for her to do
rainbow looms are the latest thing - they are super popular . these items are gold , which are hard to find , and popular with kids .
these are exactly the pieces we needed to match up our crazy connectors and make some elaborate tracks ! they fit perfectly with the hodge-podge of brands we have .
looks sturdy , hasn't fall in pieces yet like the other chalk erasers i have bought in the past from other companies . definitely recommend it !
no collection can be without gollum and bilbo's experience with the one true ring . i'm so glad these sets come with more than one ring .
my l ittle one has no clue what to do with this set . he have it as just storage . i would not buy this one again .
i had to order another rack because we filled up the original rack with puzzles . chunky puzzles take up almost 2 puzzle spots .
my grandson loved the gift . he is three years old and loves bugs and critters . felt it was worth the money to have the larger bug collection .
bought these for all my grand kids and couldn't believe the low price . they are exactly what you would pay double for in the stores . excellent purchase .
my grandson received this for his 8th birthday . so far , he has had fun with it . he's big on toy monsters .
i bought for my niece and she loves it ... the material is good the the dress is easy to change .
my kids have all the marvel sets under $ 50 and this one is their favorite by far ! love that it comes with so many mini figures .
what a great toy ! it encourages walking and has entertaining moving parts . it is extremely well made ! i would recommend it highly .
my daughter really liked this because it went well with the dinosaur mountain and also came with another dinosaur . all of the diego stuff is a big hit .
original replacement landing gear and arrived early . they bolted on and i am flying again . great replacement parts that fit like thay should .
haven't used yet of course because i bought this for my four year old for christmas . i think he will love it .
it is a great product . it fitted perfectly and gave back my syma to the air . highly recommended , will buy again when needed .
very large truck . it does a lot of things and was a gift also . this will be a toy that lasts a long time .
i love my lazer bird ! it is very soft , and warm . i got this today , and it is great ! thans
these are made to co ordinate with the leapster gs . i use them in other devices as well.in my opinion , they were well worth the price .
it's crayola , and it's all mess free . my grandchildren love to colorand crayola wonder is a great product for the children & no messfor the adults .
like the price and the quantity you get with them , love that it has the clips , what a bonus that was ! ! !
great sea dragon , plastic but well made and a good size as well . colors are bright and item is well made .
i purchased this for my preschool classroom . the kids seem to enjoy practicing their letter writing ! i would highly recommend .
made the birthday cake look great , the vehicles set off the construction theme well and added to the authenticity ! grandson loved it ! !
my grown daughter sheepishly asked for this and loves it . and the sw memories we all still need to get toys for xmas .
not much to review here . as described and child likes it . teaches animals of thee farm . it has large knobs for little fingers . cute !
i bought extra paper for the easel set i got for my grand daughter for christmas along with other supplies . the whole package was a great present !
great little napkin for cake and ice cream time ! very bright and colorful and my son loved them ! a must for a mickey party !
great project for kids of all ages and upon completion they have something to display and enjoy . colorful and enjoyable to make .
we have had this puzzle for years and my kids still enjoy putting it together . large floor puzzle that is fun to put together as a family .
my twin 6 year olds love it . pieces are small so easy to lose , but all the characters are there .
love these ag like clothes . my daughter loved receiving it from the easter bunny ! made very well and looks cute on ag doll .
an old favorite still popular and a great value . kids love this vintage game . young and old will enjoy this game .
my kids spent hours playing candy kitchen on the beach with this collection . absolutely love it ! my kids are 1,3 , 5 , and 7 .
it works ok . needed sunlight to get a rainbow out of it . i was expecting it to work with a flashlight ... its ok i guess .
my kids like it ! and the price is affordable to buy another one in case some parts are lost .. good service .
kids loved these little cuties on christmas we even put gifts in each pocket to extend the fun of the gift . great quality .
i purchased this to play with my 5 year old niece . it is a lot of fun and reminds me of when i wasa little girl ,
we have all wattat take apart toys and my son ( 2,5 year old ) very happy with those toys . very good quality
my granddaughter loves her calico critters bunny family . she has fun playing with her family and talks to them as if they are her everyday playmates .
leapfrog count and draw , my child love it and have been playing with it all the time and will not share it her cousin .
the plastic blocks are pretty sturdy - it is easy to build the structures shown on the cards . the slingshot is a little erratic , though .
worth the money ... after 3 cheap stuff in the package this is the nicest one ... im a happy duck ...
these are perfect fit with our brio set . makes our track possibilities endless . we will be ordering some more pieces soon .
my grandson loves it - - now his castle has a king to reign and fight the battles with . he loves the realism of the characters
a variety of shapes and colors , but i don't use as often as i thought i would as pieces can be very hard to push together .
its durable , kid friendly , it makes learning fun for her . i would recommend it to other parents . very wise buy .
wanted this so they can actually play with the elf , and not mess with his " magic " . it's adorable , and just the right size !
not so much for the cam.which is good ... but you can strip that off add a much larger batt and get plenty of flight time
i think this item is so educational for little ones . a gift that keeps on giving . delivery was quick and easy to open
my granddaughter loves this and uses it to carry her little ponies from her house to mine . thank you so much .
my grandson loves these and uses them all the time . great quality and very colorful . wonderful for their creative side .
my 15 year old niece loved these , they are cute little notes and fun to use as well . five gold stars !
the guns are cool , the targets are from the cardboard on the back of the box . my son likes them so cant go wrong there .
this puzzle is great with bright colors and easy to hold pieces for very young children , especially young children with special needs .
children of all ages had fun with this on christmas morning . easy to use and pictures are nice . does have a funny smell though .
i love the colors and the blood splatters . great for collecting or displaying . very realistic to the show . i love it .
any girl will love this to play pretend . all of the accessories work great & the hair dyer isn't too loud or too strong .
bought this for my granddaughter for her 1st birthday with a melissa and doug 12 " doll jenna . she loves it ! ! !
despite having no real use , they could be helpful for makin your own dart arrows for a home made bow !
our grandson loves trucks and these will be perfect ! he won't open until christmas but the toy looks well built and was a great price for two .
i'm not sure he really follows the directions , but he loves everything that came in the box . great shipping , and was sent as a gift too .
my 2 year old grandson loves cars and trucks so this should be a hit . we wll see on 12-25- 2012 .
my kid's love this toy and want more and more . they literally play with this for hours . definitely recommend for kid's who are into playing angry bird's .
dc heroes from the new 52 on the nintendo 3ds ... i really don't know what else to say except for that . chibi batman .
bought this as a birthday gift for a 5 year old , and she loved it . makes a great gift fir kids and it's not to expensive .
great addition to my walking dead crew ! looks great on the shelf ! it never comes out of the box ! great addition !
i was hoping that when i ordered these i would receive them as pictured ... sadly i did not . very disappointing that they aren't as pictured .
i bought this twice for birthday gifts , the 8 year olds seemed to like it .
great turbo pack my son loves it , only problem is in this set turbo hides in his shell but does not have a wheel .
i really like this plush , it's well made , my son loved it . it can go in the washer with no problem , no seam problems either .
these are great ! they are pretty big too . my son has had them for a good year or so and they are still going strong !
the head fell off bowser shortly after receiving same . very disappointed and would not recommend . we tried to fix but it was not happening .
this provided a great delight to the 14 year old girl to whom this was given . she was able to quickly learn how to control it .
this was a gift for my niece . she liked it so i can not complain . her mom didn't complain either so that's just as good .
once again a amazing game.my 3 year old has been on cloud nine with all the games he has gotten lately and he loves dinosaurs ! !
although these pieces are small , the quality and attention to detail is very good ! i would highly recommend to anyone
we love chess and so do our grandchildren . this set is great , very stylish , got the kids excited to receive it .
this is an amazing educational toy for my son to help with his gross-motor skills . i highly recommend this product
game art is very well done and cards are good quality . comes in small pouch which is great for portability
this toy is well made like the other melissa & doug products we've purchased in the past . this toy is great for coordination and its lots of fun !
its nice , tough , handles light wind condition , everthing as described . good little quadcopter . would recommend the upgradeable battery for longer flying time .
this is a fast paced , uno card game , and our daughter and her friends love to play it . it does get exciting and fast paced .
i ordered this jacket last christmas for one of my granddaughters . i was very pleased with this darling little jacket
this was great to have for our last road trip . my girls played with this game for hours . highly recommend .
my little ones love percy . train is well made and i would recommend this as part of your thomas collection .
this should only be 5 dollars , why is it 40 bucks ? its not like they could fly or anything . i dont understand
this kit worked as expected and my kids got a good lesson from it . we lost one of the butterflies though
he's been good about not losing the tender car but i liked how gordon's coal car is connected but he's a pull and go type . overall great toy .
cute toy ! i am surprised that my 10 month old daughter isnt more interested in it , but maybe as she gets older she'll enjoy it more .
it's a fairly sturdy , giant bubble wand . i haven't tried this with any other solution other than gazillion bubbles , which works great .
these are great tools to teach my two year old ! too small for him to play with alone , though . make sure your child is supervised !
this is a fun product . we used it all summer long and got lots of compliments everywhere we took it .
my daughter got this for christmas and is still lugging it everywhere with her . she enjoys the accessories but mostly just the case and dog .
daughter loves this dollhouse . it has alot of pieces to put together but other than that , it is a great doll house .
both of my granddaughters love mickey and minnie so i knew this one would be a big hit with them .
my 2 year old loves gill . she always grabs this doll when bubble guppies come on . the quality is excellent ! very happy customer .
we have twin 24 month olds . they really enjoy the colors and shapes . they like to stack them as well was lacing them together .
my 2 year-old niece played all christmas day with them.she dressed up her dolls in them with all the outfits
got this for a friends son and he loved it he is a tough kid and really works this toy with his friends and it holds up well
great variety of activies , my 5yr is still enjoying it since he got it over the holidays . he loves it !
a very nice paint job . the best way to describe this piece as a beautiful piece . a must have for collection item .
we need durable protection for a product used by a six year old . the color is great and it does the job
these are so realistic looking . my 3 year old daughter loves anything to do with cooking . she loves these . they are very good quality .
granddaughter likes everything about it except getting mom and dad to lay in bed together without falling out of the bed .
good fun for little kids that like tents . they don't take up a lot of room , and what kid does not like playing tent ?
this gun is great fun , the barrel holds so many , no worry about reloading so fast , very impressive and works great
my daughter was so excited when we received these figures . she loves the show and loves playing with the figures .
purchased this for my niece.she and her sister p [ layed it the next day . they both said it was fun !
my son's loved this hat . it went great along with his vest . career day was a success for him .. safarist
as i said about the other story cubes these are so much fun for the family and friends a like .
we bought this for our two year old grandson . he loves it ! lots of cool sounds and tools that he can manage .
lovely purple knit sweater to compliment dress ... recommend to buy over budget fashion pack all day ... looks even better in person ... great buy
this is a great toy . our son received for his first birthday . it's a great hit . he still likes it and he's almost two .
they are cuter and more detailed than i expected . they kept my 3 1/2 year old happy . they also sparked her imaginative play .
my 7 year old great-nephew loved this . nothing else to say except , you can rely on great lego quality , as always .
i expected to be bigger - after that everything is ok with the product , i hope my nephew enjoy it
grandkids love legos . they love getting them , building them , mixing and matching them , joining lego clubs . you can never go wrong with legos .
this game is great love playing every moment.great graphics , nice game playstill have not gotten all the items .
we have had so much fun with this game having more game pieces just make it better . hope more come out soon .
these hangers are sturdy and held their doll clothes nicely . i was disappointed that they did not fit in the doll closet i also purchased
my niece just loves this . as all barbie girls she likes all the latest trends and she sits for hours in her own little barbie world with this !
bought for our 4 yr old and she loves it . great practice with counting and recognizing the spelling of the numbers .
got this for my 7 year old granddaughter and she was very happy with it and it's surprisingly sturdy and still working after a year .
a great cooperative game with well-made pieces , lots of strategizing to work-out together , and different enough from forbidden island to be worth the additional purchase .
these are a cute set of horses . sturdier than i thought they'd be . my 6 yr . old daughter loves them .
great price for this item . easy to assemble . works great . the horses klip klop with ease down the slides . my children love it .
son loves these puppets and i plan on using them for when i'm taking photos of kids to keep their attention on the camera to get good smiles .
lego harry potter the knight bus #4866this series i intend to collect ! ! great set , have you will know ! ! discount when buying a good !
larger than expected but of very good quality and very detailed . this was a gift for my 15 yr . old son .
my ten month old son loves these squirteers keeps him occupied in the tub . be sure to squeeze excess waterout of the toys before putting them away
es mas grande de lo que nos imaginabamos y el precio mejor que en tienda , lo recomiendo para niñas de 8 años en adelante
this toy is perfect goes with the rest of the set . my son enjoys all of his imaginext toys . i would recommend !
granddaughter was glad to get these for the american girldolls she has fun dressing them up this completes it
decent construction . one whisker had a loose string upon arrival . smaller than i expected but a good representation of the classic character .
this cute activity tin is great . all pieces are stored in a colorful tin and perfect for travel.recommend to all
my son needed more lego storage and also wanted a big baseplate . this fulfilled both so he is quite happy with it .
i'm amazed at the reviews of this product . didn't everyone see the dozens of other bad reviews ? is this the worst reviewed product on amazon lol !
very well made - bought it for my daughter last christmas - she loved it ! decent price for the quality as well !
just wish the top would fasten so if she drops it all the dolls don't fall out . top is hard to get on . should have a zipper .
this was purchased for my granddaughter and although we have not played the game yet , i am sure she will enjoy it .
love cleo ... love black and gold blended hair ... recommend to buy over budget fashion pack all day ... looks even better in person
so we all know you gotta impress the dads as well as kids and this is what i got my husband he was excited .
i bought this as a stocking stuffier . this broke very fast and its not meant for people with big hands .
fun ! i have used these to put in packages to send overseas to my military families ! i would buy these again !
i bought this for my 5 year old daughter and she loves it its cool for playtime in the tub .
i do not understand wht legos are so expensive but this was a good price i guess . i would buy again
kid loved this book . i would buy this book if you have youngsters . i think this might turn them into readers .
as other reviews have mentioned , this was not the color i expected . the clouds look like cheap print outs , but from across the room they're cute .
my 6 year old son got this for his birthday . it has held up to lots of play and love . perfect for the minecraft fan !
i like how big the coloring pages are . my daughter has both the blue and pink and loves them both .
my daughter was very happy with it . i like how her face is not all perfect and pricessy and she has big ears :-)
these were great for decorating the crafts at the party and just overall fun for the girls , there was a great assortment and they stuck great !
i love how all the doors open and the noised that the stove makes . very cute addition to the loving family doll house .
kid likes it and it's comfortable to lay on . the pillow is made well and doesn't feel like it will fall apart easily .
we still play this game . even using the easiest version , we still lose about half the time . it encourages team work and has great replay value .
very sturdy bike , easy to put togeather . possibly a great toy but so far our 16 month old has shown little interest in it .
the favorite character of my daughter from finding memo , she have to go out with dork never lose it . great buy .
they look nicer on picture . but the brush was too stiff to use . so my daughter does not want to use them .
or one evil overlord versus the rest . it's extremely well balanced . almost every game we've played has been very close .
my granddaughter loved this ball . she was using her brothers , and was excited to have one of her own with the different colors .
this little toy is very cute and a lot of pretty colors . it's a good toy for any child to play with .
very cute cake with velcro to stack it or to put on the decorations . 3 year old loves playing birthday with it occasionally and serving everyone cake .
not for a young child . my grandson of 11 loves it but his brother of 6 hates it . you be the judge . the product does tingle
we got this for our son for christmas and he is absolutely in love ... it is sturdy and the perfect height for him .
i ordered this to go with all the other items i ordered from you for my granddaughter for christmas . i am sure she will love it
they are the same at any store ! ! ! much more cheaper … they are so cute , my son enjoy playing with them , totally recommend them .
my daughter loves her ! she adores mh dolls . she likes having pretty much every doll she sees in the videos / movies .
love the idea of these ! bought two for my 5 year old grandson who loves dinorsaurs ! let you know after christmas how they were ! !
i love this toy and how it moves when it is pulled . it's a great toy and made very well .
my 6 year old loves these legos . can really use her imagination and build a lot of different vehicles at one time .
well made and colorful . it had lots of parts and the fact that it integrated with thomas the train was a big plus .
this cute little house full of stuffed animal dogs was a hit with my granddaughter for her birthday . just the right size for carrying around .
i am very satisfied with these dice . there are no flaws that i can see . i would and have purchased additional sets .
my 10 year old son loves this & it seems to be made sturdy enough to last . very satisfied with this purchase .
it is achristmas gift but i think its to young for my 3 year old . but it looks like it will last along time .
loved this one was so funny and was a nice size for price and grandson enjoyed very much unlike other minion i purchased
i love legos and so does my nephew , he was very happy to combine this set with the others lego city sets .
my grandson loves this toy--good job on offering some star wars lego sets that the 5-7 year olds can master as well .
my husband and i have had several cheap laughs over this toy . omg , i'd recommend this to anyone who wants a good easy prank . haaa !
this puzzle was challenging , but the many different signs and things made it a little easier and very enjoyable to do .
my 3 year old son loves this toy . perfect for kids who love firefighters . very little assembly required and it's ready to go !
when it arrived i couldn't believe that i paid so much for so little , but ... i guess what really counts is that my grandson loves it .
have had many hours of enjoyment playing with my grandson . it is both a toy and a learning tool . recommend
my 2 and 5 year old love this . lots of buttons . key pad works like a real calculator . belt moves and it plays songs .
vehicon first edition i like it , but i have to keep it boxed . i love how detailed all the prime characters are .
exactly like in the store only for a fraction of the cost . comes well packaged and my son loved it . not much more to say than that .
nerf did an excellent job on this hatchet . very strong and sturdy for the kids outside war or zombie games .
ordered this for my grand daughter's birthday . she loved it ! i would advise anyone to get this for their child / grandchildren !
cute and looks just like the picture online . would recommend to anyone . the item fits right into our playroom perfectly .
great toy enjoyed by children ages 2 & 5 . i can see it helping us learn about the different coins in the future as well .
this was purchased for my granddaughter . she loves doc mcstuffins and this product went well . very durable .. i would recommend it to anyone .
not bad product for the price however i expected it to be a little shinier then what it was but all and all it was a good product
which is unfortunately true of so many games and toys these days . the lights are actually touch pads and don't move the way the old ones did .
ordered a bunch of theses ships and they are awesome . everything you could have wanted in a star wars game .
another great ravensburger puzzle . they are sturdy and the pictures are wonderful . makes if very easy for young ones to assemble .
purchased this for my 7 and 9 year old , they love tattoos ... this is perfect . easy to use and they are loving it
why the hype ? my one year old rarely picks this up . i try to engage him , but he's not interested .
i bought this to go along with the melissa and doug easel i bought for my grandchildren's christmas . now they have plenty of paper to draw on .
this is a very cool and stylish doll and car . my daughter loved it and it was a cool addition to her barbie dreamhouse .
we have had many of these starting from the one produced for the youngest age range.this now being our third . my 9 year old son love this !
our son is a huge angry bird and star wars fan . these were a hit for birthday present time . amazon sells for much less than stores nearby
great puzzle . i like this brand and my grandkids like it too . colors are vibrant and the pieces are sturdy.can ' t go wrong with this brand .
i ordered this item as a gift for my grandchildre and this is great . received on time and in excellent condition .
this is a wonderful toy for sesame street followers . my 18 month old granddaughter takes abby everywhere along with elmo .
bought this for my grand son . he really enjoyed playing with it at christmas and continues to play with it .
my daughter really loved this and her doll looks adorable ! this is a great deal and really pretty , at a great price !
watch out , once you start with one disney couple , you want them all ! very cute , i hope i can get abu and iago next !
i don't know anyone who didn't have this growing up . sometimes the simple things in life are the best ! my niece loves her poppet !
this is such a cute little set . gave it to my granddaughter along with the elsa castle and she loves them !
i bought it for my son and it is good quality toy . highly recommend it for anyone who want to make happy their kids .
lots of thomas fun , you can select easy and difficult levels and it is a very educational game . definitely recommend .
my son is not exactly gentle on his toys . he's batted this around a great deal and it still remains undented and spinny . he loves it .
my grandson loves the garage . he received it as a birthday gift and plays with it a lot . his sisters also enjoy playing with it .
these worked for my purpose , but they were just ok . they are very plastic and an ugly color . and not enough detail as i was hoping .
the triangular shape is such a great idea , and easy to color with . just wish they were a little bit thicker for my toddler .
we love olivia's closet ! the most beautiful made barbie doll dresses in all the land ! we will only buy barbie clothes from olivia's from now on !
my 5 yr . old granddaughter wanted this for christmas . at night this lights up the entire ceiling with stars and a moon . very cute .
this is such a nice alternative to plastic that is a concern with little ones . tray makes for quick pick up and organization .
my childcare kids love it . has different looms really helps them with creating things . rings and bracelets all over the place
super cute to spruce up the high chair . cheap and not reusable , but for the price i would buy it again !
bought this for my 4 and 6 year old . perfect size , easy to operate and happy with purchase .
this little deck of cards keeps our 4 year old alert yet occupied during car trips and what could be more important than that ?
my grandson loves this train along with the dash and the jumping jobo wood he loved the movie and plays wth this a lot
my grandson loves playing with this puzzle for hours and has learned not only his dinosaurs but his colors as well .
seems to work fine on doll hair . couldn't bring myself to pay for the ag brand , so this is a fine substitute .
my grandson loved this knight they are made sturdy for rough play when attacking the castle lol well worth the money . and fun
my son loves luigi and was so happy to try it on . he can wait until april 11th to wear it to pax east .
bought this for my 5 - yr old , but my 8 - yr old enjoed it the most due to its difficulty . the penguins are very cute .
was looking for a great mix up starter kit of matchbox cars for my nephew , and this fit the bill !
these were the biggest treat for my daughters dress up closet . she loves these ' high heels ' ! they are cute and were a decent price .
the kids and i loved playing with this . what a great toy to keep their attention . great buy ! very pleased .
they know what age appropriate toys work . the three year old grandson loves tools and enjoys naming them as he puts this puzzle together .
the doll is beautiful , is just what the i expected , the box has all the little items that appears in the picture and has the doll stand .
this was super cute . the fabric and hat looked adorable on my 3 year old niece's dolls . oh , and she loved it !
i bought this for my niece so that she could play with something that i pleyed with when i was a kid . it's one of her favorite toys .
great idea , poor engineering . the bones get stuck inside the dog and cannot be taken out .
my 5 year old grandson loves playing with this in the bathtub . would recommend to others . great gift for children .
this is a great map and a wonderful addition to our classroom . i am so glad i purchased it for the kids .
this is an ok rack for the price but it didn't fit most of our daughter's melissa and doug puzzles . make sure to check the sizes first .
most trains get stuck as the tunnels are just not tall enough . it looks nice just wish it were more functional .
i really like this doll , but had never seen this model . i found very little . more worth it ! i love the jessie !
it looks good but certainly not the tough plastic we had as kids . might not survive outside play . happy truck playing !
all the little girls and boys who got one of these enjoyed playing with them a lot . they are bulky to mail , but are very lightweight .
the ticket to ride games are a lot of fun , and it's nice to have a new twist , but this one is just ok .
my toddler daughter loves ( by loves i mean is obsessed ) with pandas . this was a perfect addition to her collection . very cute and soft .
the boy we bought this for loved it ! it is a good size and just enough of a challange for him .
this is a beautiful , safe and sturdy toy ; however , the sounds are not loud enough to keep baby's interest and attention .
i got this as a first doll for a newborn . so soft and cuddly ! i'm sure it will be one of her favorites .
i bought this for my great grand daughter's 2nd birthday and she just loves it . great for her to put leggos in .
i bought this toy for my 4 yr old son and love it . it is durable easy to store .
our 6 year old grandson enjoys all legos , but he really seems to like these 3 in 1 sets . the directions are clear and easy to follow .
we've had problems with other crayola products before .. this one , we like . it does what is described . very cool ..
she was totally captivated by the lights and sounds and it didn't take her long to figure it out . she is three .
very well worth the money , plus this set comes with a special edition sports car . was surprised ! very satisfied with my purchase .
rescue bots are awesome and i would recommend them to anyone who has a young child interested in transformers . well constructed , durable and easy to transform .
realistic fruit and like a puzzle to put away in box ; seems like it will last a long time too
wish there was a way to strengthen the parts that actually attach it to the main body . they break really easy .
these are a lot of fun to use with children , making a new color every night , learning colors and which colors mixed will make new colors .
this was okay . it seems to be more popular with the younger children 4 - 7 years old . the older kids didn't care for tattoos .
this is a very educational toy . i wish the letter pieces were bigger and the paint didn't chip off . other than that it's nice .
letter and number magnets will be very beneficial to my grand-daughter as she gets older and can recognize the letters and numbers .
adorable soft three piece outfit . well made . fits the american girl doll perfect . would highly recommend this well made quality set !
the metal wheel doesn't have much , if any , attack potential due to the way the gaps are covered . still nice to look at .
no qualilty issues , fit the 7 wonders cards perfectly . would recommend to anyone with seven wonders as cards can wear .
gave this to my 6 year old niece . it was a big hit ... she was very eager to use it as a part of imaginative play .
bought these for good bags for my daughters birthday . i think these are great because they can be used for boys or girls
i have a huge stack of table games at home but this one gets more play than the rest of them combined . giggidy .
did not know they were going to be so big . they are almost has big as a backpack for small kids , enough room for treasure to fit
great quality and what i would expect from eric carle and co . beautiful pictures and shapes i haven't seen from other nesting block sets .
this doll nightgown is really darling ! well made , pretty , soft old fashioned print . i am so excited for granddaughter to see it at christmas .
go stringer . my 6 year old loves putting this together and adding to the hero factory collection . one of the best in the series .
my newest grandson really likes his new puppy ! great product for teaching little ones simple songs and following simple comands .
my grandson was a year old when we purchased this . it's tuff and durable and he got a lot of play out of it .
my two foster sons love playing with their thomas trains . my 14 yo loved them as well as a child .
got these for our trick-or-treaters and all the kids loved them . they aren't a high quality stamp , but the ink pad is decent for the price .
i love this but my son just randomly presses the buttons and puts in letters to his liking . magnets are strong and great for fridge
the twins , they are four , really love to play this game and it's very entertaining for them and they use it daily .
this looks so fun we bought it for our grandchildren . we thought the new little sister would loveto join in when she begins crawling too .
it's lego , well duplo . it's always quality , it's always a brilliant toy . cannot wait ' till we start on the ' real ' lego .
this is so cute , best of all it is entertaining . our little 2 year old loved this . i would highly recommend this !
these shoes are very pretty , and they are perfect for any of my american girl dolls to wear . they're sparkly !
our grandson loved this for christmas . but don't be fooled , they will still go for your ipod or telephone or real remote ... lol
this is my absolute favorite design book . the patterns are so intricate and fun to color . i can only imagine the possibilities !
no problems with this item . it did the job . six year old loves the contents . uses it all of the time .
my kids like it . it is cute and has held up . good price , quick ship
my little ones love this alphabet toy . it sings , and works on sounds . it's fun interactive and just a great addition to our learning toys .
who knew that you could buy something for a doll that is so true to real life ? these are great !
melissa & doug birthday party cakefun gift for a 3yr olds birthday party ! can't wait to give it to him
this doll is beatiful , my daughter is very happy with her , i think scaris skelita is teh best , congratulations and thanks
my son loved this and we got much wear on this before the leg broke when he dropped it down the stairs . this was his " pet "
soft and adorable , but not very durable . it lasted about a month before the seams started coming apart . he'll need lots of stitches !
my son has been playing with these since he was about 18 months . they are durable , transform easily & are great for imaginative play .
my twin toddlers loved this and have benn playing with it non-stop since they opened it . wish it came with more golf balls .
my grandson loves this toy . is made of plastic , but the detail to good . time will tell how well the construction will hold up .
both of my kids enjoy playing with this set and using it to help me make dinner . i even enjoy playing with it with them .
grandson loves the experience of cracking rocks and seeing the treasure inside .. what a feast for the eyes . be sure to have goggles to protect the eyes .
keeps the kids busy and works with regular lego sets . always need extra pieces because for some reason some always go missing .
great buy super deal . better than described good for kids and adults . it even performs well out side ive flown it over my house
my three year old daughter absolutely loves this game and we have enjoyed playing it over and over . it's adorable and educational .
it is a beautiful doll , i wish they made more accessories for the collection ! and a full length movie like the monster high dolls !
my little guy loves cars and he liked these . the color and the size was just right for those little hands .
i reviewed the product graphics and considered it appropriate and something my grandson would be thrilled to have included for his tag reader system ( green ) .
grand daughter likes pink too bought for christmas for her rubber band loom she likes this kind of things to play with and making
i bought this for my grandson . anything made by leapster is great . he loves it . it's lots of fun and also educational .
my 5 and 6 year old play with this as they pretend they are going shopping . the tote bag is about the size of a plastic grocery bag .
what not to like about lego , even better if you can have whole series together and play with your brothers or friends .
this was perfect for my needs.my son loves this and we liked it so much we bought it for our nephew .
fun little doll that lights up . she is cute but the brand is poor quality . i'm waiting for something to break as our others have .
happy with the product great addition to the collection'service excellent would order again from this vendorhappy in generalgood
paid a little more then i would have if i had found it in a store but otherwise very pleased .
the qwirkle board game is fun and we play it as a family . i would recommend it as a gift .
both of my kids ( ages 5 and 2 ) love this game . good value . educational games . overall i'm pleased with purchase .
they didn't seem high quality and they were smaller than i expected them to be . would not buy this item again .
my two and four year old both enjoy this ! they see it more as a ball , however , i show them where our family lives on it .
abbey is my daughter's favorite character so she loved opening this on her birthday . she comes with ice cream though , not the magazine as shown .
true to sizing . these are very fun . no peeling paint yet & we've had them for a few months . very cute & colorful .
at just 2 years old my grand daughter is playing house and bringing sandwiches to all of us . nicely made and a nice storage box for the pieces
such a clever food play toy . my six yr old grandsons run their own pizzeria . the box nicely converts into a pizza delivery box .
the beanie ballz are super cute , i bought two , super compact and made by ty , a name you can trust in plush .
great little set for your little adventurer . my daughter loves to play with bugs , so this is a great way for her to really look at them !
amazon had the best price for this toy , and it is very durable and cute for any jake fan ! ! my four old loves this toy !
i was so glad to find these guys for my daughters princess castle ! she loves princess jasmine and i could never find her in stores
our great grandson loves this " hiding place " . he really likes crawling through the tunnel . we are very pleased that we purchased this little hut .
good stickers that can be easily removed from almost anything . they are also really thick and sometimes can be reused .
i teach kindergarten and this puzzle takes my students a full lab rotation to complete ! it's been working out really well in the classroom .
i can only say that the 5 year old this was purchased for was ecstatic when opening this gift . she couldn't wait to use it .
bought this along with the rubberband loom bracelets , so that my granddaughter had extra charms when she designs her bracelets .
my great grandson plays with his thomas brio trains a lot and will love to have this addition . i appreciate the quality and prompt service i got .
kids love it and worth every dime . plenty of hours worth of learning and playing for my girls . great buy
bought this for my 2 year old son . he enjoys lacing the objects . it's great for recognizing colors and shapes !
i bought this for my sons curious george inspired room and it is great . bigger then i thought and so pretty , i love it
i prefer that she names and gives her toys names . great for imaginary play . it went very nice with the whole castle theme .
our granddaughter loved this doll ! she plays with it everyday . this is the one toy she will not she with her sister !
this is a really cute set and perfect for the artsy / crafty child . melissa & dog toys are most always good quality .
sort of flimsy , but basically a great idea if it holds up . i wish the compartment for clothes was a bit bigger .
just like the real thing . we use shredded paper for carrying and dumping . son loves it . great value for money .
my grandson is 3 years old and loves legos . perfect size and amount of pieces for a young child to begin their creativity . great product and price .
fun and challenging . the pieces easily stay with the case.there did not seem to be cool games like this when i was little .
maybe i didn't know this but novelty is code for junk . can't see anything through them . kids were disappointed . should have read the reviews before buying .
this is an excellent action figure and the quality of the mcfarllane toys design appears to be getting better with each series !
grandson's 5th birthday present . kid proof and they love taking photos . many options on enjoying the pictures . would recommend . * *
these are really good figures . they are very colorful and interesting . i think they can facilitate or compliment and interest in ancient egyptian culture .
it's still going strong and no leaks so far . it's built pretty thick and the handle is very well made .
my 3 boys loved this but as soon as it got knocked over once the bubble wands quit spinning . now it's headed for the trash can .
very cute . perfect for my sons superman basket for his 1st bday party with the super heroes theme . looks just as pictured .
alot smaller than expectedthis was tinymy nephew loved it but i was worried since it was so small
i love this card game but i'm a bad person so you might not want to use me as a point of reference .
great toy ! ! my 2 year old and 1 year old both love this toy .
kids really liked the tie die coloring . i gave it 4 stars because there are mostly pinks and purples , would have liked more color variety .
good for 3 years old who is too old for 3 wheels scooter but too young for razor.radio flyer quality . adjustable . perfect summer toy .
my granddaughter could not wait to take it home . she loves dolls so much , this was the perfect gift for her .
my grandson wanted this for a christmas although they didn't get it yet pieces are colorful and look great 3 more days and he will be a happy boy .
this doll is super cute ... her legs and arms are soft and she is very huggable ... my daughter loves her . great purchase ! !
such a fun game . would highly recommend . my 6 year old can't get enough of this game . great travel game , comes with a pouch .
using it in conjunction with proper modeling proves very effective . otherwise it just turns into a bunch of cards for the kids to shuffle around .
nicely painted , mini plan toys vehicle that makes a nice addition to other plan vehicles or plan train track set .
my children love this game . let's say because its a character connect four that brings an extra flavor and touch to the game .
cute game , the kids love it . it's easy to follow and the 4 and 6 ear old can play together .
my 8 year ols has so much fun with this product . she loves to write invisible notes to her sister !
such an amazing figure . the detail is prefect . the way it poses and stands . it looks great in my collection case .
my two year old doesn't like playing this . will introduce it to him at a later stage . he however loves the song .
love the sturdiness and color . the size is perfect for my granddaughter to store in the cabinet of her play kitchen .
part of son's xmas ' santa present ' - he enjoyed building it , the rancor is a good size.again , hate word limits .
i choice this cooking set because it looks sturdy and durable and not easily damaged . liked the bright colors of the set .
saving for my grandson's birthday on january 21 , 2014 . has not seen his reaction yet . will be glad to rate after 1/21 / 2014 .
a nice learning toy without being too complicated and gives a break from all the electronic toys ! easy to store and easy to clean
the mirror is cute and the doll has a different outfit , but this is essentially the same as the doll that comes with the doll house .
very cute balloons . they were perfect for our birthday party . colors are bright and fun and none of them popped on us . good item .
i purchased this as an amazon add on item , couldn't beat the price , the toy is adorable and will work perfect in my daughter pirate themed bedroom
you can almost hear the chimes as you are building this replica of one of the most famous clock towers in the world !
bought this in addition to the tent and fire for 5 year old twins , they seem to really like being able to camp in their bedroom
i got this for my great grandson who loves thomas the train . all he wanted for christmas was a train so this was a great gift for him .
this is just to much but ive had this for a long time and they have not broken my son just love them
great baby toy ! love the sound it makes - very soothing and relaxing . bought it for newborn and my now 1 year old still enjoys it .
my daughter loves this game . she plays it all the time . fune and entertaining while teaching . that's what learning is all about ! !
it's great . with different levels of play , agricola is easy to learn and tough to master . great playability and very cerebral .
very helpful when playing card with a little one so they can hold their cards in their hands without straining to keep them together
i love that they are made of wood , very sturdy for small kids . my grandson and granddaughter love them so much .
this doll is just too cute with her pouty pink lips . bought to put in my monster high doll house . makes a great addition to anyone's collection .
the spot it ! games are very popular right now and this one is no exception . my grandkids love it ! we all love playing it .
this is a wonderful figurine for any child that loves fantasy or grown ups who love dragons . great coloring and details .
cute christmas elmo . received as a gift . my daughter loves elmo and likes to dance when he starts singing his chrismas carols .
this is a very cute little webkinz horse . one of my little ones asked for a horse for christmas and this was super cute .
these are smaller than i expected , but the kids loved them anyways . they don't move in any way . they just stand there ..
my son loves this figure . the paint articulation is good and i suggest you buy this toy . it . s very good .
love watching his cousin get on the bus its a good thinggreat way to start learning about a bus
game itself arrived in good condition however , when i tried to determine how to play , the directions were too vague .
other than being loud and annoying after awhile , this is a great toy . it's got lots of different sounds and songs and is great for car rides .
with all the accessories my grandchild has numerous hours playing with it . it is like havingj a beautician in the house .
dont buy this or if u do , realize it will b really small for such a price that is way too much for this toy
these are great for starting scissors . teaches little hands to cut and create . we love these and have been using them for a year now .
my son was happy to get this though he plays with the steve character more than the creeper . they are fun little toys for minecraft fans .
i ordered this for my grandson , he is 2 1/2 yrs . they are wonderful .
works okay to decorate the snowman for my little boys . nothing amazing just a carrot , hat , eyes and buttons . does the job
it was very popular with my grandson and they play with them often , lots of children have them and the are a popular item .
these are great to snap together with the other parts of the track to make it bigger and better , more flexibility .
my nephew plays with the toy but it doesn't change from the dinosour to the robot easily . overall , it's an okay toy .
nice quality ... worth the money ... go for it , even if you just collect cool ships ... 5 stars !
great idea for helping kids learn to like math . giving this to my 7 yr old granddaughter for christmas - hope she likes it too !
the hit of the gifts for the 9 year old ! and it even breathes flame mist ! ! ! great sale price too !
these are exactly like the bottle set i remember having when a child . they are the basic , staple baby toy ... perfect !
this is a great tool for a child to learn colors and shapes . it also teaches patience and sorting . a must have !
we gave this to our little grandson as part of his christmas . he loves it , and plays with it all of the time .
this is a good quality toy , but i don't think my children ( 4 and 8) are that interested in pirates . they prefer the animal figures .
all of this lalaloopsy stuff is junk . the girls really seem to like it though , so i buy it anyway .
my daughter loves tweak so much that i had to sew a stuffed one for her , so of course she loves this little figure .
i bought this for my 5 year old grand daughter , she really enjoys playing with it and then it gets washed and you can start all over again !
nice looking figure , but leg joints very loose and falls over quite easily . other than that i would really recommend it .
kids loved it when they opened it , seems pretty durable too , cant ask for much more then that , good quality toys
this breadboard will be great for my son who likes to build electronic projects . it was a good value too .
these are cute but not great . i wish there had been more in the box to add to the designing but my niece enjoyed it .
all the kids really like this game . they really get into it and its awesome to see them enjoy learning so much .
my son loves the chuggington musical car . i like that it is not extremely loud like some of his other toys . works well on kidkraft wooden tracks .
the grandkids loved to see all the variety of play-doh that they could use . this was a real holiday favorite .
this works very well and we have not yet run out of balloons so its lasted us for 3 years .
must have for pre school . we love this game and it challenges my daughter to learn to look at different people and see the differences .
exactly as described . bought for a christmas gift along with the loving family dollhouse and was a hit ! ( : ( :
well built , it makes noise ( one song ) . but it is a you drive item , and really could use a anouther animal .
great quality - has been using it everyday for weeks , future artist , helping him learn to draw - arrived @ our house in 2 days
got to watch my grand daughter open this via skype ... she was thrilled and her dad put it together quite easily too !
these 18 " doll sneakers are made very well , fit very well and look cute with all the outfits for the doll .
very cute , good picture , light weight and durable . the sound is good too . the kids like it so i like it .
i have not used it birthday is in june but he loves thomasi'm sure it will be fine hope
melissa and doug always a great buy . child loves dinosaurs and puzzles . this worked to satisfy both . would recommend to a friend
excellent qualitymy daughter , 2 and a half years old , loves iti would recommend it as an individual set or in combination with others
great product and very enjoyable to use . as long as the battery last , i will be enjoying it . durable and easy to fly .
i bought these for my 4 - year-old's valentine's day party at school and they were a hit . really cute and a fun idea .
we used this in conjunction with the backyard safari field tools kit to give the grandson a professional look as he explored the back forest . he loved it !
these figures are so small that you really can't play with them . what is the point and i felt misleading .
these mario guys are so cute but the all fell off the bottoms right away and are very poorly made .
has provided some additional activities geared towards the little ones . my grandson says he likes it and it's a keeper !
my daughter got a new dollhouse for christmas and these little people are perfect ! ( she is 2 however i think they will work for years )
my boy love these . easily to attach and detach for more unqie versions . its actually really fun to play with
the colors are fun to add to the other structures building planks . they provide the opportunity for planning and carrying out a building plan .
good good size and sculpt . fair price too ! glad to have it in my collection . i wish i got it sooner
this is a fairly long battery , not great for the hubsans or ladybird . the added weight requires more power , which makes the whole thing pointless .
i purchased this game for my five year old daughter for christmas and it ended up being a treat for all , including adults ! !
these elves are simply adorable ! a nice size , well made , and easy to sit without it falling over as soon as you move .
my 4 year old loves this game ... he's learned a lot about counting and which coin has which value . it's fun for an adult to play too .
this was another toy my grandson wanted . he carries it around all day and sleeps with it at night . it is exactly what he wanted .
my wife is using this in her kindergarten class and it is a big hit age 4 . i have enjoyed it myself with all sorts of ages .
this is a great price for restocking the rubber bands for loom bracelets . the black bands are hard to find in the mixed bags
my daughter loves her little people . these are the perfect addition to her little people princess castle so cute ; love them .
adorable hat ! quick shipment . will be great for future tea parties with my daughter.reminds me of something from one of her fancy nancy books !
although these puzzles are smaller than i thought they were when i ordered them , they still made a nice birthday gift and he enjoys them very much .
this game is so much fun . it moves super fast , so there are lots of chances for everyone to win . way fun .
this is a great game with a self containing tin for easy put away . it is an great combination of challenging and fun .
this is the only place i could find this for my granddaughter and this is what she ask for this year .
my grandson max loves playing with gil and all his bubble guppy buddies . he and his sister love this program .
my daughter 10 loves them and shares with her friendsthe arms and hands move well and opens up their imagination
i thought it would be challenging for my 3 year old , but it was fairly easy to keep his balance standing on it .
my 7 year old just got into this series , and for the price i got it at we are both happy with it .
this set is so cute , the bright colors really pop . plastic is very hard and durable . couldn't be happier with purchase .
excellent . works great with grand daughters leappad 2 . wont leave home with out it . we just leave it on for easy charging .
a very special chrsitmas gift for a boy with a daddy in the construction business and a hugh sand box ! !
love this game . we have made our friends learn to play it and have even bought on ipad for traveling .
my little granddaughter loves playing with her doll and being able to sit her in a high chair and feed her was so fun .
very useful for the usage of the batteries we bought a few for these helicoptors and we have ordered more .
my daughter got her mobigo for christmas . this works great to keep the mobigo and the games contained . i couldn't imagine not having it ! !
great protection for a very much used toy . it helps to keep the leappad from any damage incurred by an active kid .
this is also the frosting on the cake . material is well made and can be used for many different applications .
bought this for a one year old who loved it ! also is safe for babies to chew on ... all around good product .
couldn't go wrong for a 4yo boy gift . great quality and sound effect . this was a great purchase for under $ 20
the 4 year old boy we gifted this to loved the toy . the package was easy to open too which was nice .
fits leappad 1 perfectly and protects it from dropping etc ... when changing batteries it is not too difficult to remove
purchased the entire assortment of these foam glider airplanes and they do not fly at all ! do not purchase or buy for any reason ! waste of money !
i bought this for a gift for one of my friends . they are great markers for writing or drawing on black paper
vibrant colors that quickly dry so that they can be done again , easy to use , and no mess . perfect for an almost 3yo !
my daughter loves this toy ! she has fun playing with all the different animals . she also loves dancing on sound mat .
came quick , priced ok , sona nd husband loved it . made great christmas gift . not too complicated and they were happy
it not like regular toys as walking dead , but somehow you can enjoy the toy for a while , value may somehow go up little bit
loved these ! they made an excellent addition to my table decorations . they are larger than the other blue diamonds i ordered and catch the light perfectly .
these jumbo blocks are a fabulous way for kids to learn cooperation and large motor skills . every house needs them !
this has provided a lot of fun for my 2 - year-old . lots of learning involved . the 5 - year-old brother also likes to play with it .
what a wonderful legoization of a historical figure . the hair piece and bald head is a fantastic touch . the quill pen is wonderful .
my 4 yr old likes it quite a but and plays with it quite a lot . gets lots of play
these were cheap and i got a reward for buying them at the time ! will make great presents for x-mas .
great extension cards to original set . my daughter and her friends love this game . they place this all the time .
excellent fit in the vinyl pocket pages and you can write on them to keep all your coins identified and organized
bought this as a gift . heard back from the child's mother , her daughter loved it ! said she had lots of fun decorating her heart box .
when in doubt - always stick with the original brand name bands . they're the best . less breakage and bands are more uniformly made .
i purchased this for my four year old granddaughter for christmas and i know she will have loads of fun on this !
chuggington trains do not fit in this tunnel . but for thomas and brio , it is great value . my boys will like them ( one each :) )
great design . toddlers like to bite off the tips , but it is really hard to do with these markers . love them
i bought this for my 4 year old grand-daughter . it was her first lego set . she plays with it constantly .
this toy is really noce a nd durable , but the machines included are not able to do more than one lap , even if you charge them very well
the price was good and made well . they fit the american girl doll good and my grand daughter was happy .
gotten for christmas to increase track size . grandchild was really excited . now the living room is full of train track and train .
my 3year old loves this ! excellent quality build and works great . one of his favorite toys without a doubt !
my son loves mo willems so what i saw the pigeon i just had to get it for him . great
this fashion pack is lovely and l really like her shoes . its fun to mix and match and share with her other friends .
all the batteries are working fine . would be worth 5 stars if it had a connector ( also on ' copter ) . _ - -
this gets almost daily use from my 8 year old . it is very easy for him to use , it shoots farther and faster than i had expected .
bought this with other thomas pieces for my 3 year old great nephew . he has & loves all his thomas pieces !
bought as a gift for a 5 yr old . it's looks really pretty and cute ! couldn't beat the price since we go to so many parties !
a great game ! ! everything was fine and not boring unles it's over 1.5 to 2 hours . but the title and review says it all .
my grandson really enjoyed playing with this game and could not put it down . it was also easy for him to learn it .
if find it hard to find good quality dino stuff these things are cute . my daugher love them for what they are worth .
love that these cards are held together by a loop that is permanent so no cards all over the house fun facts about animals and very educational
fun pages included for hours of fun ! a great way to spend a day at home when there's nothing to do !
this was a great purchase i bought as a gift and they loved it so i would highly recommend this to anyone considering this
arrived on time . my 2 year old and 5 year old both enjoy playing music . i would buy this for a friend .
very cool little copter . this has been surprisingly durable and is enjoyed by all males in my household from age 6 to 48 ! !
the kids and i have had tons of fun playing with this wrestling ring . it's sturdy and durable and the floor also has a little give to it .
this is a good product and is exactly as advertised , the child loves it , and i would recommend this to anyone .
the control and ability i have with this item is the best i've been able to find . would recommend to anyone .
this microphone is everything that i hoped it would be . the echo is even pretty realistic . it is durable and educational . would highly recommend this toy .
easy to use , stays floating up rite and my daughter loves it ! easy to clean as well . i would recommend this one !
my son had these on his kids bathroom tub but with time they peeled up . so these are replacement ducks and hopefully will last a long while .
my mom bought this for my son to learn money , the money looks very real . it is easy to relate it to real money .
this was a birthday gift for my 5 year old nephew , who loves mine craft . he was thrilled with it !
small pieces . great tricks for beginning magician . 10 year old grandson loves to do the tricks . good quality melissa and doug product .
fuzzy , warm cute little blanket perfectly sized for a three year old . my daughter brings the puppet to life in her play .
this is one of the nicest dolls i've ever seen , it perfect for little hands . my daughter loved and treated it like it was a real child .
well made , adjustable and the kids love it , keeps them safe and give me peace of mind . would recommend this
my 3 year old grandson loves this as it teaches him to recognize words and is helping him learn to read as well as being fun .
super cute and my kids love it.easy to use and my 1 year old and 3 year old love to play with it with their other super hero toys .
we bougth this to accompany a play doh set . the tools are large and easy to use . just as expected . functionable .
this is full of useful military figurines and actions pieces . my grandsons play a lot with their military sets and this was a great addition !
man these balloons were so big at the party . i was so happy with how they turned out , used all
good figure for the price , decent articulation and good paint . even comes with a nice stand . no complaints on this figure .
this little set is cute for the " my little pony " set . but my granddaughter is 10 and it's a bit too babyish for her .
i just want to thank fp for making this package so easy to open and get this toy out ! i wish other toys companies would follow your lead !
my daughter loves these and i like how colorful they are and that they are made of wood ! def recommend !
so many stickers ! i am very pleased with this purchase . great stickers ! will make an excellent addition to children's favor bags .
these are very cheesy , but the kids liked them for the 5 minutes they had before they broke . good party favor for a safari-themed party .
it's a lego plate upon which to build . some things don't deserve a review , but if they did i'd give it a 👍
this has been in our top 5 toys for our 7 month old since the time of purchase 4 months ago . she may be out growing it now .
my eight year old loves this doll as much as her monster high dolls ! she is cute and fun to play with .
cheap price and they work great . my daughters love all the colors . came fast too . will definately be ordering more when she runs out .
fun game have the whole set now waiting for the next installment . fun with friends and family ! buy a complete set today !
my girls love it . vibrant colors . you can always expect good quality with doug and mellisa . i have several of them
it is my second baby , i call it second monkey . it is very comfortable . i like its look very much .
i purchased this for my grankids . i was disappointed with the product itself . however , the kids seem to enjoy it .
i got a few games for a friends kids 4 xmas , this was another that was a lot of fun . pretty easy , just get it .
just love these legos , it's about time . every little girl deserves to let the creative , imaginative juices flow and these sets will do it
i bought this for my 2 year old son who loves angry birds . what's to say other thank it looks good and it works ?
this is a cute little beanie baby toy for your dora lover . my daughter is collecting the whole dora beanie baby set and loves playing dora with them .
cute set , durable , with a nice case . picture quality is pretty bad though and it's hard to see pictures thru view screen where's it's so small .
my son loves this torch . i really like how the light flickers when it's on . it gives it a realistic feel .
kids love these . easy to use and can use repeatedly . haven't had problems yet ! good deal too and can use in science class !
my 9 year old loves this and uses it for all her barbie stuff and it was under $ 30 which is really reasonable .
another great little wind-up from kikkerland . we just love these . they're durable and fun ! this one sparks while it goes . my kids love it .
what a great del at 19.99 . she really is a pretty monster high . although she is a mean one she is a fun one .
my daughter was so happy to get 2 ever after high dolls for christmas . she loves them :) and they are really cute .
awesome price for the amount of bands you get . they do not break very easy and i will buy them again .
purchased for 3 and 6 year oldthey love these . and even love matching the colors with their outfits when playing .
lower priced than you would pay at retail stores . doesn't have any sound but really who wants to keep hearing it over & over ?
this was a christmas present for my 10 year old daughter . she put it together without any assistance . she loved it .
these pages are great for the young person who likes to make pretty pictures . they love to make the pictures for friends .
this bear is so cute ... it sits on my grandson dresser and it makes the room so cozy . do it's worth buying !
i ordered this for a 10 yr . old granddaughter who loves to draw and design clothes . she really liked it !
we've tried to play this once , but my 7 year old couldn't answer any of the questions . i don't see up playing it again for a while
my granddaughter zips around the house " helping " her mommy vacuum with her new dirt devil junior . she loves it . excellent product .
i wish i would have saved the box , this is a waste of a toy
my kids play on these everyday . these and the plasma cars i bought them have been the best investment for wearing the kids out . highly recommend them .
it arrived in a timely fashion , no issues noted with the foam sword ( broken , cuts appears deformed ) . very impressed with the presentation and appearance .
my daughters like the dolls . they are a fun twist on an old concept . i wish they didn't flop so much
this stuffie is adorable . very soft , has nice construction , very cuddly . our granddaughter loved it . has lots of hiding places for her treasures .
my child likes it and plays quite a lot with it . my child takes it apart puts it together works great .
love it . ! they have played with it for quite awhile . the discs go behind the couch and dog retrieves them !
the first one broke right after christmas , but toysrus.com was really nice , and sent me a new one . that made my son very happy .
great value ! i got this a s a birthday gift for my 7 year old niece and she just loved it !
very cute toy . i love the honking song . its amazing what they come up with nowadays . makes me want to play with it . lol
love the play fruits . i wanted some good toys and found melissa and doug . they cost more but thats because the quality is better .
our granddaughter squealed when she opened this package . she loves playing with it with the octonauts home . this is a good buy .
i only received 10 instead of 12.1 / 2 of them didn't hold air.the ones that did hold air were cute .
i did not receive all the colors pictured . did not receive pink , purple or berry . there also was not 250 clips . i am very disappointed .
my 7 year old loves this card game . he can easily understand the strategy involved and it's a great precursor to the original uno game .
love these little chuggers with the stacktrack ! they all fit together nicely and move through the track smoothly . very nice little toys .
a great additive to the starting game with even more silliness and mayhem then in the starting box set . enjoy .
all the little animals that came in this package are very cute . my gradaughter really liked it . she loves little pet shop .
this game is so much fun ! if you like magical themed games it is not too long and a great game to play with friends .
if you can find the games , this is a great product . it is easy to use and has lots of activities .
this is a great easel and my daughter really loved it . very sturdy and well made . a toy you can base down from one child to another .
oh i love this doll ! he's the perfect little caillou to take with us
bought for my grandson for his birthday ... kinda spendy but definitly worth the investment because it is well made thanks
perfect for the mike the knight lover in your house ! very fun to play with . would highly recommend this toy !
i bought this for the books that go with this and crayola color wonder books . we always seem to lose one or two .
described perfectly well and my granddaughter felt is was exactly what she wanted for christmas and love the gargole and wings that come with it . perfect gift ! !
christmas gift for my daughter . she loves it . the tent connects great with no problems . lots of fun for my daughter !
received new in original box and is exactly as described . grandboy loves tmnt characters , the good and the bad ones .
purchase as a add on for my granddaughter . purchased the rainbow loom band kit , and knew she would more rubber bands .
absolutely love when i can find games that do not require batteries and that the kids love to play . they are great for travelling .
so far this is my daughters favorite outfit . she likes dressing her other dolls in this set also . priced well .
my toddler likes having a night light that changes shape at her control , and i love that she is learning about moon phases .
bought for my dad and he loved it . nice colors nice design got guickly etc . i would recommend buying more of these ravensburger puzzles .
this is so iconic and stylish . each part is so well designed . i think this is a must have for any lego minifigure fans .
i bought this on sale for $ 5 and my 5 year old son absolutely loves it and i love the fact that it was such a great deal .
my two love to help me clean . now they can have their own size and not be hitting things around the house with my broom .
my daughter received this for christmas when she was about 16 months . she loves it and enjoys figuring out how the tools work .
the guitar arrived broken , the strings were completely out of place and part os guitar not glued down , returned . did not reorder this .
my son can't get enough of these - we do each one every night ... sometimes several times.they ' re educational , have solid graphics and are durable.great value .
love all the details on the monster high furniture.there was a lot of thought put into making these things . great for draculaura .
what is a vacation home without a beach home too , love it , will make a nice addition to the barbie town we are creating .
great interactive learning toy that hold their attention . i am very pleased with this book set . my grandson is only 10 months and he enjoys it
feels like a simplified d & d adventure game . i really enjoyed playing with my children , friends , and family . really good buy .
this set is so fun and cute . all the kiddos love to play with it when they come over to visit .
these figures are fun and cool looking . my son has all of the imaginext dc comics collection , and he really enjoys these two heroes .
we like this smock because its very easy to clean and our toddler can take it on and off herself easily.good buy for school / daycare or home projects .
this novi star doll was also a welcome gift . the girls loved it and the way it lit up . they also liked the little pet .
my four year old grandson loves playing this game . also bought the original and he loves that one as well .
i bought this for my youngest daughter first birthday . she loves the plush feel and sleeps with it everyday . thanks !
i love this phone - anything leapfrog seems to have quality . it does the most out of any toy cell phone i've seen yet .
my grand son likes this he has been having trouble reading this has helped a lot he works in it all the time
great addition for the numerous lego duplos we have . i also purchased a larger plate for building . i highly recommend .
add on add to adding from beginner legos to advance before you know it you have a whole fire department
got this and the bow for my 5 yr old son . he seems to love it . sticky arrows only stuck for a moment .
got lots of laughs when someone opened this at a secret santa exchange ! everyone got a kick out of it . there are even unicorn parts inside .
this was a good purchase . george pops out of the box each time and even my 8 year old enjoys doing it .
this toy is ok . for some reason my daughter didnt take to it too much . i thought it looked nice and was of good quality
my grand nephew loves this toy ! he learns while he plays and the toy is very well made . it was an excellent gift for christmas !
my grandsons just loved this item . it was larger than i expected . it's a really good size . it's made very nicely . a great product indeed .
keeps my 9 month old entertained which is very hard to do . great price , and super fast shipping . i will be ordering more for gifts ! !
our 22 month old grandson loves to imitate his mom and dad . so this broom set was the perfect gift , he loves it .
bought to go with leap pad given to granddaughter for christmas gift . she loves it , so i bought more for her birthday .
the boys liked it for a while , but tired of it after about 10 times of using it at church . they don't pick it us much now .
i don't what i was expecting , but after playing with this for about 2 minutes everyone had lost interest , myself included .
my toddler boy aged 3 years , loves it , and he spends a lot of time paying with it : i am really very satisfied of this purchasing
this is pretty cool because it has rubber tires and really rolls nicely , but it's pretty small , which could be good or bad .. nice quality
another very educational , product for young children , daughter loves it and older brother .. 8 .. does too , i even love to play with it .
my 18 year old daughter loved playing with these & now so does my 2 year old daughter . i'm so glad they still make these !
another great set ! my son and i enjoy legos and spend alot of time together putting the sets together ! quality time !
work as promised . and our little one love it . she is two and she learns to assemble it and it was a lot of fun for her .
this is great for the car , anytime you need to wait patiently ( doctor's office for ex ) or just need a quiet activity .
good dimension for 3 to 8 years , colors nice and very useful to put childrens in kitchen or making paints , or other activity .
i collect monster high and love this outfit of operetta love checking out all new one and the lower prices
bought for christmas gift haven't used yet but they are very cute . will update more later after christmas . cute though .
good price for a download card worth more than you pay for it . gave it as a christmas present last year . thanks
it's worth the extra money to get these . my son is a little young to fully appreciate them , but they're great quality !
my child received this as a gift and loves it . it is one of the prettier barbies that she owns .
my three year old son loves this . its sturdy and durable . the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it's a little pricy .
basic toy for a baby who starts learning the colors and shapes . the package came on time and well wrapped .
these crayons are nice and easy for my daughter to hold . i have absolutely no complaints whatsoever ! they serve their purpose .
my grandaughter loves frozen and she loves this olaf tea set . it is her favorite of all her birthday gifts .
my 9 year old daughter loves it . it is a great size - has a lot of nice little details . just don't get gouged on the price !
we love the minnie mouse bowtique . very fun toy and uses great skills to practice dressing minnie and picking out her outfits to match colors and patterns .
the item was shipped out quickly and well packed . the flash cards will be used regularly by two of my nieces for their baby girls .
just as other reviews state this is a small toy . super cute , constructed well and just the right size for my toddler .
my daughter got it as a gift . she loves it and it is a good quality . had to buy shoes to go with outfit though .
what fun we had at the beach with these fun mini beach balls ! they were cute and tiny and plenty to share with anyone who was there !
finally a way to keep my nails from getting chipped up on a regular basis . it does the job and thats good enough for me .
bought this with a four year old in mind but think it's more appropriate for a five year old and above . but keeping til he turns five .
got this as a gift for the nephew who had a hard time getting the magnet to pick up the larger sized pieces .
my son loves bubble guppies and i got him all 3 of these stuffed animals for christmas . he loves them and sleeps with them every night .
bruder makes the best toys for little boys ! this crane is awesome and my 4 year old loves it ! great present !
i love this probably more than my kids do . nice big size very detailed . my daughter loves it at almost 8 yrs old .
this is a cute set ! my 4 yr old daughter loves sophia the first and she was thrilled to get this set !
what boy , or even a girl , doesn't love these remote controlled toys ! always makes for a great gif ! they always love them !
these are cute , modern versions of the my little pony dolls . accessories are quite small and easily lost . not sure bigger accessories would do the trick .
purchased a christmas gift for youngest grand son who i know will love it . i based my purchase on other reviews .
grandaughter loves this and plays with it constantly . she pulls it along and seems intrieged by the sounds it makes .
my son loves his angry bird plush . he has added it to his collection . he plays the sound a lot and it still works .
i expected more bang for my buck he liked it but soon was unimpressed with this toy i gifted for christmas
my great nephew picked this out for this sixth birthday . he was thrilled and couldn't wait to start playing with it .
i purchased this game for my grand daughters . so far they have enjoyed hours of fun playing the game and looking for new challenges .
this is the egg thieving helmeted battle pig my son was waiting for to use his birds on . i just wish these things were more reasonably priced .
it doesn't seem like a whole lot of pieces , but you can really build a lot of objects out of this box . worth the money .
my grandson's love it . personally , i think it is kind of dumb ... however , it is well-made , and they play with it !
i gave this as a gift to my grand children . i thought this was something they would like . i assume and hope that they are enjoying it .
these are so adorable . i ordered them to go with the book . my grandson loves playing with these when i read him the book .
melissa & doug always put so much thought into their toys . the paper fits perfectly with the easel , and the rest is artistic history
this was a good buy . the chalk lasted forever . there is a good assortment of colors . good price to keep my toddler busy .
my kids loved watching this movie . it was shipped super fast . perfect christmas gift for any one at any age .
my kids love this game . it keeps them busy all day . if this game can keep my kids busy then i recommend this for everyone .
kids like seeing how far something can be thrown , tossed and sling shot . this is a little inexpensive game for short attention spans .
it's a beach ball and its educational . a fun little way to learn geography along with animals of the world .
my kids love the octonauts . this is the cutest toy ever . it's a little expensive but they love it ! thanks
i like all the different products that are included in this . however the paint is chipping already on a few of the products
my daughter just recently learned about the movie despecable me and loves the minions . she loves this plush toy ! great !
yep , it was just as expected , they worked fine for birthday party favors , kids found them fun . would buy again
my niece made these for the family to see . she had so much fun being creative . the sweets looked delicious !
one more mini figure would have been nice but the set contains alot of nice pieces for the price .
great training for future world travelers . when you finish assembling it , you should know a lot more about the countries around the world , near and far
a must have with the leappad 2 . my granddaughter uses the leappad 2 constantly and this is a must have optional item .
knex like lego is great my ten year old grandson and granpap really enjoyed putting together . stays together and works really nice .
good product and price . easy to adjust for size . our 6 yr old grandson loves this and it has gotten lots of wear and tear .
great quality , good price , works well . great mode of protection for an electronic item used by toddlers . it stands up well .
my little ones love jack . he is well made and i would recommend this as part of your thomas collection .
these are great ! bought them for my grandson for his birthday to go with a castle . he loves to play and make believe ~
this toy is fantastic . controls are easy to use and this thing can go over rough terrain in our backyard no problem . 10 yo boy loves it .
nice toy for my nephew , he loved it ! walking dead is pretty awesome , so excited that the show is back on !
this keeps my kids attention more than any other toy he has . he loves hitting the button and making the wheels go .
easy to transform even without instructions . comes with a dvd which is a nice bonus . nice looking car mode . was shipped in a timely manner .
while my grandson has a lot of the leapfrog learning games - i think this one is his favorite . it is worth the money spent .
these work nicely with the little people castle . my three year-old was thrilled with them so i was too . :)
i bought this for my grandson . he just loved it ! he got it for easter ! he couldn't wait till it arrived .
well made , very cute , almost life-like chimpanzee puppet . a great size . my favorite of several puppets ordered . grandchildren absolutely loved him .
melissa and doug make awesome floor puzzles and these are no exception ! we are very pleased with our purchase . we recommend them !
bought this for my 2 year old.he sleeps with it every night.he loves the long tailit is his favorite item to sleep with .
the little tiny flames are stickers ... these things are tiny but the toy is awesome ans worth the price for sure
i only give it 4 stars because i didn't get to play it but the friend that got it says she loves it .
protects my daughter's leappad , and is a cute purple color , i just wish it was a little harder for her to slip off of her toy .
these little critters are the perfect size for toddler-pre school hands . my granddaughter loves thiswhole series ! shipped on time !
gave this as a gift to a friend's family of 3 girls - - know they will love it & play it often !
luv this character and was glad to have gotten it and have it displayed in my home along with the others .
this is a good quality , fun toy . it's very durable and its volume level is perfect . i would definitely recommend it .
my grandkids loved this ! it's fun , easy , and clean . simple to use , simple to clean up , simple to store . thanks
this puzzle was not quality . the letters bent easily . they were like a cheap cardboard . this didnt last long in our household .
molly is so bright and one of my son's favorites . he plays with her daily ! the train has held up very well to rough play :)
this is one of many books my son used to help him learn proper pronunciation and spelling . it is a good tool at the right age .
i got this for my son who plays legos pretty much the whole day . i myself enjoyed making these models with him .
this is a good little toy . i will provide lots of play time , especially outside . it seems to be well made .
i have purchased two of these for both of my sons , they love them ! very simple design and easy use .
the buttons arent very easy for a young child to press . maybe my 14 month old will enjoy it when older .
grandson likes star wars and legos he was happy and so was i would i recommend it sure i would .
i really don't know anything about these little guys , but my nephew likes to collect them . he likes little collectibles so these are ideal for him .
bought this for my nephew for his first birthday and he loves it ! i am never disappointed with any little people product .
she is really great and nice as alll monster high dolls ) lagoona is the most beautiful doll ) and i like this collection
my grandson loves this . i bought it for his fourth birthday , and it's one of his favorite toys .
this puzzle is eye-catching and sturdy with thick chunky pieces . i really like this because the pieces aren't just flat like other puzzles .
my kids love this game and it is one that we don't mind playing with them . it's good for several ages .
my 4 year old niece loved it . i accidently ordered two - so i will give her another one in a few months to decorate
lots of dragons to choose from - this one is just the right size , and sturdy , so should hold up with lots of play .
this treat tower is a perfect addition to the fisher price tea tray ! can't go wrong with melissa and doug products !
our grandson loves this dinosaur lego set . great purchase for a 5 year old who is really into the world of legos .
these are way pretty . a very vibrant happy color but the numbers are still easy to read , the white looks good with the blue .
i am no puzzle expert ... this was my first in years ... it was very challenging and quite the brain tease . excellent graphics and very rewarding when completed
this was perfect for the fire engine cake for grandson's birthday party . would definitely recommend this item and order again .
bought for my son at christmas . he plays with it in the bath tub . he loved all the men that came with it also .
my 5 year old daughter loves these . she is a big ariel fan and has lots of these little dolls for the other princesses .
this is definitely a huge wall decoration . it makes you feel like you're right there with them . the birthday boy thought it was great !
great product . was purchased as a stocking stuffer , our daughter loves these and really enjoys this one . great price and great toy .
fun to put together and cool but not as sturdy and others we have built
i got two bookmarks and both of them worked fine . my kids love them for tracking school reading . this would be a good gift .
it's a good game but it's get boring after a while just pressing the same button over and over but it is a good game
granddaugther loves monster high and she wants the house , one day i will purchase it . birthday might be a great time for this .
a lovely and cute toy at a very good price ! and it is absolutely bigger than i expected . it also looks exactly as in its picture :)
looks great and is a good representation from the book / movie but my nephew said the instructions were really hard to follow and it was missing a piece .
my 2 - year-old son loves racing his mater and lighting , and he is learning words because he tries to repeat what mater says . worth the money .
bought these for my nieces . they loved them and i loved the great deal i got on them when i bought them during the black friday-cyber monday deals .
i bought this barbie for my niece . she loves the versatility in converting outfits . she also loves the color purple . this item shipped really fast .
i really like the sturdiness of the boxes , not to mention they are life size . granddaughter really enjoys playing with them .
my grandson loves jeeps , since his dad got one . he loves playing with this , and so does his dad . ( 3 years of age )
great figure ! highly detailed . somewhat poseable . hat is removable . comes with stand . i highly recommend this figure for any arkham city fan .
the rifle worked fine and the extra darts and shells are great . the rifle's loading mechanism is good and it can fire darts far .
our grandson loves both christmas and playmobiles . this will be perfect for him next year . we may use it as a kind of advent calndar .
i bought extra of these because the price was so great . i've put them away for birthday presents later in the year
my niece tells me these are really nice . the price was right and the service excellent . they made a great gift .
i forgot we even bought this puzzle ... we are assembling it again now . great color , size and durable enough for years of use .
i put this on toilet so when my friends come over and wanna use my bathroom they see this and change their mind , hahahahah .. thankx alot
great game in younger version . glad we have this in our board game arsenal for visiting grandchildren . good time passer , especially on rainy days .
what little girl wouldn't love this kitty ? the was an awesome gift for my cat loving granddaughter , who loves it .
this leapfrog car adapter is great for your little leappad lovers in your family . great for long trips in the car .
got this for my grandson and he loves playing with this toy . i got him extra cars which helps to really keep him engaged .
over heated after about 20-25 minutes of use and crashed and literally burned . seriously caught on fire and was smoking . not very user friendly either .
great for kids ! really keeps your kids occupies in tub . didn't realize it comes with lots of pieces . so beware !
what can i say , best flying product i've ever bought for under $ 20 . i wish all products from china were this good .
my grandkids really love this set . they spend hours upon hours making me all kinds of different meals . thank you
once our granddaughter opened it - she couldn't put it down . played with it most of christmas morning ; until dinner
this book is so much fun for my 6 year old daughter . she loves the creations and it looks so professional !
pretty good , a little pricey for what all comes in it . but i'm sure my daughter will love it when she opens it up on her birthday !
we love this game and always get it out when people start getting a little tipsy . just makes it that much more fun .
so cute its like a little fake touchscreen for the little ones . my kids play with this daily very fun
i don't place this but my husband loves and it's a great game . if you like to draw this is a great game for you .
i am very happy that we got the deluxe version . it comes with a board and pieces to make keeping track of your level much easier .
my niece loved this ! the trick door is pretty fun when the rabbit drops and " disappears ! " i would recommend this to lego friends lovers !
pretty nice , and they are not as thin as other dolls , i like that . one of my favorite dolls when i saw it . :)
maybe my kids are weird , but neither of them liked this toy . they just don't see the point of it , i guess .
our class just loves the llama llama series . it is nice to have the actual llama stuffed doll . good value for the price .
perfect size for a 3 year old . matches his leapster . good quality . lets us have a quiet road trip . what more can you say !
she is just 18 months . her parents help her coordinate elmo and his guitar and elmo's instruments but she is getting the hang of it .
this works very well on our play table for our grandson . we have brio trains with a thomas added recently .
. duraderas para el juego , ahorrativas para los padres , buena calidad y resistencia excelente se la recomende a varios amigos .
since my great grandson is small this will work well for him . thank you for the prompt sending of this product .
got this so my grandson could try out some new games or music when he gets bored with what is already on the tablet .
would like to see more like this for all continents and countries . too difficult for most toddlers , but good for ages 4-12 .
i bought this for my 4 1/2 yr old grandaughter for christmas and she loves it . she has been playing it every day .
it holds a lot of my son leap frog books and it doesnt take up a lot of room to store it .
this one is fun and kids get to practice cutting with a pizza cutter . big , chunky , sturdy pieces , great for little hands .
granddaughter loved it . she liked having the car and the barbie doll . she is a pink and barbie doll fanatic .
one of my grandson's favorite toys at christmas . i paired this with the wallet of money and he buys and sells things for hours !
it is a nice toy , the edges are not that well finished but nothing to worry too much for . it is very nice and it looks durable .
crayola never disappoints me . the chalk is just as expected . no dust at all and a lot came in the package .
a new take on the wood puzzle . toddlers loved it . it's a puzzle , it's an hide and seek came ... it's everything !
my husband recommended that we purchase this game and i am glad we did . easy to learn and great for both crowds and kids .
kids love them . have purchased over 100 and 99 % work . good value , great party favor . will buy more . you will love these .
keeps everyone's brain going , new game every play kids and adults love good for vacation homes because adults will pick up and play
there is nothing worse than using igniters that don't work . estes makes some of the most reliable igniters available today .
this is a great game for so many skills ! you will absolutely love this game ! i use it for speech for preschool children
my son loves these little packs , and they make great birthday gifts too . he plays with them all the time , lego is a great product .
my kids absolutly love legos ! they play with them all day everyday ! legos were packaged just right and easy to open ! :)
great puzzle for this season . love the easy and durability of the puzzle . the only problem is that it wasn't that challenging .
these tracks go perfectly with our thomas the train wooden set . but for way less of the price of brand name .
i got this & the incredible hulk action figure for my nephew for christmas . the detail on this action figure was absolutely outstanding .
necessary but really should be included with expensive sets . needed to help keep everything together . certainly best for water legos .
nice set for the child who likes doctor who . grandson will have many hours of fun with this one and being doctor who .
this is our grandson's favorite toy ! with all the toys out there - that says a lot ! makes a nice little sound when he shakes the fish .
brings me back to the day when we got smelly stickers on our papers at school . the kids love mixing the scents . i would highly recommend !
durable , creative , life like . any kid would love to get this . great for the child that is into mythology . brings the past to life !
my nephew loves bugs so when i saw this toy i thought it will be the perfect golf for him . funny insects that come out really nice
actually have bought this product before and thoroughly enjoyed how much fun our oldest son had when his room ceiling stayed light at night . would recommend
this puzzle is great fun . i wish the sound was a little louder but you can hear the train sound in a quiet environment .
they always come through . the paper is of great quality and fun for coloring . great job ! i would recommend this for more kiddos .
this figure was in perfect condition and sits right behind the hulk as if hes ready to attack . cool to see everyday
what's to say about a tried and true fun game ? there's a reason these things last for generations . fun for everyone , even mom
my grandaughter loves barbies and now lets see how she likes a talking barbie ... it will be exciting to see her on christmas morning
these puzzles are nice for toddlers ! they have knobs on top for easy gripping and the puzzles themselves are nice and thick !
granddaughters like pink and these shoes didn't disappoint them . the fit normal 18 " dolls , are easy to put on and take off .
it is a nice doll . , and they are not as thin as other dolls , i like that . very cute for girls .
fits perfectly on baby bitty , love the outfit , and looks adorable on the doll . very quick shipping . can't wait to buy more clothes
very cute little addition to our set of thomas and friends train set . my son and daughter love playing with this .
my daughter uses it all the time she likes the fact she can combine colors etc .. i really recommend it .
was happy with the quality and the size of this house . its on wheels so its easy to move around as well .
this was a gift for my 1 year old granddaughter . she has just started walking . she was very happy with it .
amazing realistic details , so far quite durable . my son loves his cat trucks . we are looking forward to getting some more .
these work great with the princess palace and my niece loves it and all the sounds they make ! ! each princess is her own !
bigger than they appear to be online--that's a plus ! i love the spill proof lids ! awesome invention ! stores the paints well ! no complaints
great addition to step 2 deluxe canyon road train & track table . the kids in the nursery really like these even though they aren't thomas the train .
i purchased this as part of a christmas present . my grandson loves playing with this fun toy during these winter months .
i bought these for my 4 year-old grandson . christmas morning found him tromping all over the house in these . he loved them ! !
i can't say enough about how great this game is and prosperity is one of if not my favorite expansion !
hi , these are the real blocks you remember when you were a kid ( assuming your an adult now ) . i would recommend them .
exactly what i had expected . great quality and affordable price . i can see this lasting a long time at our house .
cute toy . goes with the set i bought . my son likes how the car and the city can talk to each other .
bought this for my two year old and she loves it . it has a volume control so if it gets too loud you can turn it down .
this is going to make a perfect birthday present for my grandson , he loves spongebob . d ball
a gimmick toy but it was a christmas hit and my granddaughters loved it . fun for 6 + girls . get it .
nice simple set ... with soldier , bandit and cannon ... purchase more sets to build an army of these :) get it if you need more cannons !
got this product just in time of teething ! ! ! put it on and my daughter is soothed right away to her la la land !
it is so darn cute and well made . we are building our collection and this one was hard to find in our local stores .
grandson loved it , but grandma is grossed out by it . the instructions are easy instructions to follow without supervision and kids enjoy watching them grow .
my 2 yr old loves it . plays with it , so worth the few dollars i paid for ... easy enough to take along too .
this game is the best ! it is better with your dirty minded friends . not for the faint of heart . awesome !
my grand daughters enjoyed making these with a couple of their friends . this kept them busy for an hour or so .
cute my 1st of this kind with the doll and petfun looks good on shelf with other stuff i collect
this is a nicely designed toy box that was easy to assemble.this is the second kidkraft product that we have purchased and have been happy with the quality .
while this is cute , it is smaller than i expected and a little pricey . i do realize that doc mcstuffins is a very hot item this christmas .
this was a little big for my 7 year old but his head is the same size is mine.great for the price . it came quickly and well packaged .
this can be purchased directly from fisher price for less than half the price on amazon ! why ?
this was a replacement apatosaurus and i liked it better because of the medium size and general look . the boys were very happy with it as well .
this was a present for my grand daughter's birthday . i got her all three plush characters and she was thrilled !
my baby loves to feed her stuffed animals with the little spoons and cups . it's such a nice gift we received !
my son loves cars and loves to play with this mater toy . seems durable since he plays with it all the time .
this is an excellent toy . my son loves cutting his fruits and veggies . great quality product . would recommend for sure !
had a lot of fun playing with the kids and adults . easy to learn and moderately challenging for most levels .
purchased this for my 6 year old and it is huge ! he still loves it but i wish it was child-sized . great addition to the nerf set .
the movements and the noise make it very interesting to play with . my nephew definitely loved it more than the fisher-price imaginext apatosaurus dino .
my granddaughter was very pleased with her beanie boo ! she is nine and loves them , as do my six year old granddaughters .
a 3 yr . old uses this and it is just what is called for to protect her lp2 . my expectations have been met .
my young toddler really likes this puzzle . she loves to open each door and take out the item . definitely a good purchase .
these are more like what you'd put in a party bag with many other things . they're cute but so very small !
my son loves beyblades and i know he will love this on christmas . they look like standard beyblades and are well packaged .
i ordered more than one , and none of them worked . placed them in direct sunlight for more than 5 hours , and nothing !
this little set is great ... has many block sizes and characters to go along with it . our two year old loves playing with her legos !
my grandson loves it . the perfect size for a 2 year old . can take abuse from a 2 year old .
my grandson loves this puzzle . i purchased it for his birthday and we do it when i am with him .
this doll is so cute and precisely complementary to the monster high products my grandchildren enjoy . they were perfect as described and arrived in perfect time for christmas .
got this for my daughter for christmas is a great way to play with kids and help them to recognize numbers and exorcise memory skills .
my grandson loved anything and everything sharks . he loves the game and plays as often as he can get others to join him
great gift , daddy and son play with it all the time together and the glow it the dark part is a plus with the days getting shorter now .
2 year old grandson loves it---easy to use and provides hours of fun for him---well made to take the abuse of a toddler
these headphones fit my 4 yr old perfect and it helps keep him and the car quite for an 8 hour car ride .
our granddaughter has really enjoyed all of the activities presented and it's a great way to promote movement activities . as a wellness activity .
this was an awesome buy for the price ! lots of pretty colors ! same quality as if we bought in the local store .
this is ok . it is slow moving and can get very boring fast . i would not recommend this product . it is extremely small .
exactly what i was looking for a place for my son to put all his trains away in . simple and cute and doesn't take up to much space .
i love these little toys for my little girl . they are so cute and so detailed . fun and sweet ! love them ..
this spider is very nice sculpted and detail i recommend to any spider girl fan and any collector .. she also comes with the gobling torso .
this was purchased as an accessory to a magic kit . the only thing missing is the rabbit ! good quality product . good value .
my granddaughter loves this baby doll . it is very soft and cuddly and just the right size for 18 months old .
my 2 year old grandson has alwas been fasinated with cell phones and this keeps him busy for hours petending to talk to other people on his new vtech phone
6 out of the 30 crayons arrived broken . that's a ridiculous amount and the packaging clearly isn't sufficient for this product . total dissapointment .
my daughter loves to hunt our dogs with this toy . it shoots easily for a five year old , although the dogs don't care for it .
great fit , 5 year old niece loves them ! they are a great price and will last a long time ! :)
this is another one of our grandson's favorite chuggington engines ! he has several . he loves them all and plays with them often !
we gave this to my horse loving granddaughter for christmas , and she absolutely loved the set . the quality was good .
my 10 year old doesn't stop until all the dots are connected , he loves finding these under the christmas tree .
what can i sat it was a toy the kids love it and it is educational , thats the most inportant part . would highly recommend
great tatoos for party favors or just fun for little ones who love to wear them . being princess was a bonus .
these are soft , silky and actually pretty good for the price . not cheap feeling at all . the kids love them . definitely worth what i spent .
this is an easy and fun game for the little ones . we enjoy playing it with the grand kids .
grandson wanted this because he has all the power ranger swords , he thinks it is great , he plays swords a lot
the magnets dont work very well and the paint job is crummybut they are still very cute and i can wait for my son to play with them
it is soft and cuddly and just what i was looking for my grandson . i would recommend this toy to anyone who has children who love sesame street .
this is a great assortment of penguins . there are many different types of penguins in the toob !
the chicken should come-off or cluck when squeezed , needs to do something more than just twist-stupid idea ! disappointed in overall design .
this was so much fun to put together and it looks great with my star wars collection ! go for it !
this was given to a 10 - year-old autistic boy who absolutely loved it ! easy to use . great , sturdy product . great price .
the kids have hours and hours of fun playing with these four vehicles , they play with them all the time .
we bought this for a birthday present for a 9 year old girl . the set is cute and makes a nice present .
love love love this ! not only is it very well made but the story and elf have provided a lot of fun reading it .
it's a cool figure interesting transformation and the comic was a fun read . i am considering getting the whole series for the figure and comic .
my 2 year old daughter loves princess cinderella . this will be her first barbie type doll i think she will really like it . very pretty .
great piece of innovation by fp , and including an app is brilliant . nephew loves it ! protects the phone well too .
cute stickers for toddlers . these are very small but a nice size to put inside birthday cards . great price and value .
my great granddaughter requested this doll . i wasn't exactly sure what she was describing , but this was just the thing . she really loves her new doll .
bought as a christmas present for a six-year-old grandson . it looks complex , but i am sure he will love it .
i was very happy with this game . i purchased it for my kids for christmas and it was so much fun . the whole family played !
my 4 year old loves scooby doo and when he oped this for christmas he couldn't wait to open it . all the figures move and bend at joints
my daughter loves peace symbols and this set was a big hit for her ! she had lots of fun doing these and loved how they all turned out !
i bought this for my great nephew for a christmas present and he loved it so much that he couldn't wait to call me to say thank you .
i have been collecting monster high dolls for a few years . i like when i can add a new character to my collection
i bought this for my granddaughter for christmas . when she opened the present she loved it and i loved seeing her face when she opened it .
everything that lego does is a favorite of my grandson's , and this is no exception ! add to your collection a . s . a . p . !
the mom & dad are not bendable , the other pieces are . very sturdy and fit well in the sophia castle .
ton of train tracks , fits with assorted other tracks we already had . i ordered some additional switch tracks to go along with this .
large puzzle , good price and my grandson really likes spiderman . he couldn't wait to get it out of the box on his birthday !
i gave my honest opinion of this tiny truck earlier and was roundly verbally attacked for my words . our little one likes it .
i ordered this for my sons 1st bithday . it was cute . arrived just as described we used it as a background for pictures .
got this without checking with my daughter . it doesn't fit in her kids machine so i had to send back .
my grandson is 5 and loves itit picks up leggos in the bucket and carrys them to his project
i have 18 month old twins and they each have one of these and love them , will be attaching pics ...
used this for our ball pit . girls love it and has had a ton of use for the past few months and still holding up strong .
great toy ! i purchased this for my daughter & she loved it . shipping was fast and toy came undamaged . would highly reccomend for girls ages 3-8
my daughter loves these charms . they seem good quality for the price ! she likes to put them on her loom bracelets .
richard scarry graphics are always so cute , so many details for a curious 3 year old . fun , simple game to share with the family
my children loves to dance to this musini . the volume control worked great . great toy to get those kids moving .
this is great my daughter likes to color but isn't old enough to understand to only color ok n paper . its great for young children
thank you for the baby ariel doll . i added her to my collection , and i have all of these dolls .
it's every bit as cute in person as it is in the picture . not very big but a big hit for halloween .
cute . these a so cute my grand daughter is going to be so happy with all the dol ; l clothes she will receive at christmas .
my son is obsessed with legos . this little minifigure guy was added to his collection . i'm pleased with my purchase .
we enjoy watching the boys and girls discussing the food prep and menu . they really felt that it was great working together in the kitchen !
got this for my 2 year old nephew . he loves it . and i get to be the cool aunt that bought him a drum set .
i was very surprised in the quality of this playset , its real wood and seems to be very durable . thumbs up plan toys !
soft , " well built " ( meaning it has good stitching , doesn't look cheaply made ) . bought as a gift , and she loves it !
this one was a big hit ! fun to watch the babies crawl after it . our grandchildren chased it as it rolled away .
i purchased outfit for my granddaughter american girl doll . clothing fits well and a very good price . granddaughter loves it , so i did well .
this tablet was worth every penny - it keeps my 4 year old quiet as she is always amazed by the games and e-reader - worth every penny ..
i recommend this product for young kids - my grand child loved it - she has a collection of these babies - thank you
the perfect squirt gun . the batteries lasting a long time and the kids love to chase me at all times !
these little goodies have made it possible for my very young grandchildren to come up with endless possibilities they couldn't make before .
these are a must have , especially when you have kids using the helicopter . don't forget your spare parts . thank you .
these arrived exactly as described but some were hard to decipher what they were because they were too narrow . otherwise , i was pleased with the purchase .
the monster truck is a nice addition to the city theme aside the 60027 set " monster truck transporter " , they look very alike
cool toy , cheep materials used foceps useless organs are squishy . good for intro to human body but not very detailed .
my son loves this movie and wanted all the main characters to " vroom " through the air . we are very happy with our skipper riley .
fun twist on a hot wheels car . my son got a kick out of this . cute design and just as well made as other vehicles .
my grandson's both wanted this for christmas . i bought 2 of them . they play with it a lot . they are both lego lovers .
bought this for my 19 - mo-old nephew for christmas . it entertained him for quite a long time while the rest of the family was opening gifts !
i have two daughters who love pokemon these are perfect they make great cake decorations if you want to use them for that or perfect stoking stuffers
my 2 yr old daughter loves this puzzle . she plays with it every day . i reccomend all of their puzzles .
my 2 year old never gets tired of these fun textured blocks that are easy to stack and build with .
did not give it to my grandson but im sure he is going to like it he likes all legos
glue sticks well , tatts stay on for about a week ... great kit would buy again . the templates hold up pretty well under multiple uses .
this was a big hit with my grandson . it came on time for his birthday and he was very happy to receive it .
the doll was well put together and perfect for a small child . she is soft and nothing to hurt a little girl that might fall asleep with her .
my grandson loves this toy . it was a good price , cheap shipping.glad i found it for him . it is big enough for little handls to handle .
grandson , who is 5 , absolutely loved these robots . i couldn't figure it out but he had it figured out in the first few minutes .
read this as 11 mini figures :) i'm sure if you are a collector , the # and series means something to you .
my son loves his play kitchen and has a great time pointing out what each vegtable is when we play and cook !
my grandchildren are thrilled with these additional , flexible tracks so they can complete any configuration of tracks when they're playing together .
i purchased this dress up set for my granddaughter . i know she will have a great time since she enjoys watching doc mcstuffins .
another oldie but goodie ! very well made & great price ! perfect gift idea ! very fun ! a + + +
i thought this produce was pretty average . the doodle pad wrinkles and is a little too big . would recommend you cuy something a bit smaller
my granddaughter loves these because she gets to see the liquid magically reappear after she feeds her baby . it is a must have to accompany the jenna doll .
can't go wrong with melissa and doug . hours of creative fun for adults with kids as well . we had fashion shows with the finished products
i had to return this toy--this is the second toy by this brand where the quality was incredibly poor . disappointing .
have purchased these before for my grandkids and now for my nephew . they are sturdy and the kids enjoy playing with them
cute set . made with sturdy plastic pieces . vibrantly colored pieces invite hours of play . my preschoolers seem to love to build with these !
my granddaughter's other grandma is a bit jealous that this is her favorite toy ... and i'm the one that got it for her ! !
my grandkids love " catching fish " in their little pool with this fun toy ... it's also a great way to spend time with the grandkids
this puzzle was a joy to put together . it's much prettier than the picture shown and the color palette was very nice .
this is a very nice viaduct . it is a little larger than i thought but will still fit on my grandsons train table nicely . i would recommend .
adorable music , lights and sounds from this toy-keeps the kids glued to it for long periods of time .
what can i say except wow ! so cute , well made and now i order all my grand-children's doll clothes from sophia's you will not be sorry .
i got this for my son for christmas and he loves it . he takes it with him everywhere . a very good buy .
it's flimsy and the dolls don't stay in . when they are in , it looks awkward and cheap . i do not recommend .
cant wait to see my grandaughter on christmas morning opening up a barbie doll that can really talk and say words back to her ! !
this product is awesome . my grandchildren love it . the have had so much fun with them and they can take them where ever they go .
the candle got all chipped up and would not stand up right innless i shoves it in cake other then that was ok
simple shapes , paintbox colors , everything works , so well thought out , and the best is ... the kids just love to play with them
cool crayons . you just have to love crayola . always a great product . no complains . my son loved these colors . perfect for coloring in robots .
got for 2 yr old son . he loves it . paint coming off eyes already but otherwise in good condition . soft and a good size .
this is a perfect set for a toy kitchen . this is the best set i've seen and i searched quite a bit .
cute ! great size too for cheap price tiny bit bigger than a beanie baby . and just as pictured . good quality and soft .
this is such a cute shopping cart . it is like the real thing and my daughter absolutely loves it . best play shopping cart you can get !
who doesn't love dinosaurs ? my little nephew couldn't wait to get this out of the package ! looked to be a very sturdy toy .
my grandson just got this toy . it is his first see and say , and he enjoys every sound and is learning how the piggy goes .
these are perfect to make the necklaces and bracelets that everyone is making now . there are tons on colors to choose from .
these are super cute and great quality for the little wonder pets fans . we love them and would buy again .
i'm very happy with the glow sticks and i'm well stocked for the night swimming in our pool with the kids ! good value .
this case is a nice shade for kids and it protects the leap pad even from the enthusiasm of my 4 year old grand son !
this car and the race track were the big hit at xmas . grandsons loved it and so did all their friends .
they are very helpful to make bracelet with bands . my 8 years old daughter can loose some of them and she has received a lot of them .
purchased as a gift for my grandson . he loves playing with these . very interesting toy and educational challenge for him .
bought these for daughter . she loves them . they are very durable in bath , pool or beach . very easy to clean .
this is a great toy my baby loves it . i have nothing bad to say about this toy .
i was concerned about the safety of this item , but it turns out to be quite safe . grandson enjoyed it .
easy to set up and a lot of hours of fun . very pleased with this camp set . both of the girls play with it a lot
bought this for my toddler grandson with a helmet , knee and elbow pads . with a little practice he was a pro .
we have had ours for over a year and it's part of our collection of musical toys for our girls . they always enjoy this one .
love these awesomely imaginative creative games for kids ! there are several other , we bought the other sets as well . great addition to family game night !
i can't wait to surprise my 6 year old son with this on december 1st ! he loves star wars and will love this advent calendar .
if you haven't played dominion , then you need to ! this expansion is great and comes with all of the base cards necessary to play the game !
our 2 yr old loves puzzles and these were a good starter . unfortunately the pieces need a little work to fit together which can be confusing to toddlers .
my son wanted this to go with his other chuggington trains and he has enjoyed having it its a fun toy
i purchased this because it is what my daughter wanted for her baby . it arrived in good time and in great shape .
the doll is a perfect addition to my daughters collection , the details of the doll are perfect . she will be very excited to receive it !
my grand kid is very into monster high dolls . they must have clothes . this is one of my grand kid's favorites .
my niece loves her new lalaloopsy loopy hair doll . she's been wanting this for a while . she is one very happy little girl .
i don't like this 25-30 piece sets that come in the bags ... boo boo boo boo boo boo boo legos ! !
this was not too hard to put together . the plastic pieces have to be seperated and everything assembled but it does not take long . it is really cute
my daughter received this for her second christmas . she loves it ! ! that was two years ago and it is still played with daily ! !
another fun addition to the loving family doll house ! provides hours of play time with the loving family doll house .
i bought it for my grandson's birthday . once he opened that present , he carried them all over the house . shipped promptly & packed well .
it erases chalk perfectly on a real chalk board , but not so well on the chalk board paint . it's a nice eraser .
got this for a friend of mines son for his birthday and he absolutely loves it the perfect gift for that little someone who loves cars
not the best quality , but cute . and they were all different , which surprised me because i was under the impression there would be duplicates .
these are thicker than the normal bands you get , but they seem to work great . love the color . would recommend .
great sewing cards for little ones , i love that they are made of wood so they don't get ruined easily . my daughter loves sewing like her mom :)
it makes many of our camping trips , among other games we bring along . it's a short , fast-paced , easy game to wind down with , fireside .
goes with the zoo so cute ! my daughter loves to take the animals on a ride away from the zoo !
a lot of fun for a 4 - year old . the tiles can be a pain to reload , but it's really not a big deal .
my 7 - year old loves playing with these and keeps them on his bedroom shelf as decoration when not in use !
very happy with this purchase . nice finish , good storage space , safety hinges work well . only took me about 20 minutes to put together .
my 3 year old son loves to change his bath water color . hopefully 300 tablets will last us a while :)
very fun game---all of us in the family enjoy playing it . very good for kids starting to learn about strategy and thinking ahead .
i bought the game and all the expansions together ... i knew i was going to regret it if i didn't get everything .
very soft but was a lot smaller then i had thought it would be . but besides that it is nice quality and so cuteeeeeeeeeeeee
tired of the plastic shopping carts that wheels break off as soon as you buy them . this cart was well worth the money and very pleased with construction .
this is my toddler's favorite thing . he likes it way better than any trike . it's nice and stable and rolls well .
my little cousin loved it , great gift for the kids . item is just as described and can take some beating .
one child has the tug boat toy and the other has this one . green toys are awesome and quality made here in the usa ! highly recommended !
my son had a 5th bday party and got a bunch of disney planes items . this was just another great buy and he loves it .
got this toy along with the 12 set dinosaurs for my nephew for christmas .. he loves dinosaurs and is going to love this set :-)
i bought this for my 1 year old nephew . he loves playing in his little kitchen and this set was made perfect for him .
this is a simple little set at a reasonable price . very happy with the purchase for our 4 year old daughter .
its too light and it tips over . i have to put it against the wall for my baby to sit on it .
this toy is so cheap . it has one engine and that is it . i am very disappointed in this purchase .
both my daughters played with these when they were younger . i'm hoping my grandson will enjoy these as well . i'll know christmas morning .
we have had hours of educational fun with these . these are a standard size that work with cards i have purchased elsewhere and printed from google searches online .
this set is so much better than the plastic pan sets . they have held up nice and are great for my daughter's pretend cooking .
bought this item for my granddaughter's 6th birthday . she absolutely loved it and it was exactly as pictured and expected ..
mi hija de 8 años quedo encantada con esta muñeca , que al parecer es una de las mas completas en cuanto a accesorios
but that was the point . my dog loves things that make noise and they fly as well so she is thrilled to chase it .
its a great , fun family game , especially when the kids are little . provides quick , easy to understand game play . we really enjoyed .
my own children were given this book as small children . i have since given three as gifts because mine loved it so much .
i love this , my son is 4 and loves riding on trips to the grocery store . we have room for him and lots of stuff
very cute , and better quality then american girl store . it's a no brainer . why pay three times as much somewhere else ?
perfect for my daugher's first birthday . she absolutely loved them . good quality and didn't rip easily even when my daughter was pulling on them !
it doesn't leak ( i do hand wash ) and my 2 1/2 year old likes to drink out of it . what's not to like ?
my 2 year old loves this puzzle book . the magnetic pieces are a great learning tool . i would recommend this product .
i bought these for my kids party and they loved them . they lasted forever i still find them hidden around and in good condition
you won't go wrong with this set - it's awesome - realistic and we have been using it for a year and they're still great
game strikes right balance between simplicity for ease of learning and complexity for replayability . a very enjoyable game to play .
fun addition to the talking furby . f . y . i . this one does not move or talk .
i , personally , think this is a weird-looking train . but what does that matter ? my son loves him . all of these toys are quality products .
thais is an excellent mini 4 channel helicopter to learn to fly 4 channel heli's . this is a rugged little 4 channel copter
this is a fine set , probaly worth the cost . the best part might be that the pieces store in the folded box .
my grandson's family loves this game . it is great for math skills but also for problem solving and just plain fun . clever idea for a game .
got this to go with a child's majorette costume and it's exactly what i expected . was shipped in a timely manner . no complaints !
my child spent hours making necklaces and bracelets and really seemed to like the look of the beads . loved it !
i bought this for my 9 month old son for christmas . they are fun little cars that are the perfect size for him to grasp .
works great , kids love it , got it for christmas , and the kids haven't broken it yet , and trust me they are rough on their toys .
love the things you can make that are personable ! my 3 year old will be painting these with my mom ! ! can't wait to see the outcome !
my two year old son does not like it as it was not really creative . he gets bored after a while .
i like getting a new set of cards to keep mixing things up ! they never disappoint and keep the laughter going !
my child loves the yo gabba gabba toys for bath time . i was not happy to see how small they were .
i purchased these doll shoes for my daughter's american girl doll . very good quality , just like the ones made from ag , at a great price !
recipient of gift loved it ! he is really into legos at this time and it is great to play with
my son saw this being advertised but was a little disappointed with the capabilities most parts are stationary so it needs a lot of imagination to play with .
this item was for my 5 year old grandaughter . her mom requested it and everyone seemed very happy with it . does require supervision.purchased through amazon .
i loved the concept of this for my little 3 year old fireman , but the gift broke on the first use .
bought this for a daycare present and it worked like a charm . very good for 5 year olds ! thanks so much
at this point in time our 5 month old is just a little young for this toy . i do think she will like it in a few months .
need to put age group older as it was very hard for 8 year old to assemble . had to have older brother and parent help .
this toy is easy to grasp and very soft . the colors are vibrant and fun . this is a wonderful toy for infants .
this was purchased as a christmas gift for my almost 1 - year-old great grandson . i hope that he has fun with it .
these things are just the right size , colors and amount for little boys ! i bought them for a few kids and they went nuts ! loved them !
our 5 - year-old got three switch ' n ' go dinos for christmas 2012 . he absolutely loves them . great toys . i would recommend them .
my little lego lover likes the burning recycle bin :) nice little set for the price . perfect for an easter basket or stocking stuffer .
used as a party favor box . filled a piñata and gave the kids these boxes to fill as a souvenir
bought for 5 yr old and he had it mastered in 20 min . real easy to fly and learn on .
just a neat little extra that's helpful when building mini cities . both of my boys get good use out of it .
i have bought these coupes many times for grandchildren . they are tough and fun for the kids . it was shipped quickly . love it ! ! !
i like the sizes of the pieces in this set . just right for little hands . my granddaughter loves this . she likes changing the configurations
its well made and soft enough to cuddle . my 7 year old is satisfied .
well made , adorable , and off button for the sounds which can be rather grating after say 6 or 8 hours .
perfect size for my daughter she loves the pajaminals and this is perfect for her to hold onto while she watches the show !
we love leapfrog and my grandchildren will enjoy this ! what more can i say expect i love leapfrog toys .
this bubble machine added an extra touch of fun at the kids party ... the adults enjoyed it too . great value .
i've bought quite a number of the safari-brand dragons , and each one is well-made and very well-liked by a grandchild .
my son liked this toy . he played with his friends and cousins . they battled and battled.the toy eventually broke , but all toys do that .
this was given as a gift and as far as i know the recipient has enjoyed playing the game but he enjoys math .
christmas present for grandkids ages 10-13 was on their lists from santa and they weren't disappointed , worked onit thru christmas
picked this up to keep at my desk for something to keep my mind occupied when facing the soul-crushing reality that is my job .
this is a great product for your child . very well made , and beautiful colors . therefore , i would highly recommend this product . dame hilda
my niece was very happy . i did not see her play with it so my comments are limited . thank you .
dolls come with second outfit , and cute accessories . my daughter loves all the life in the dreamhouse dolls , she has all but ken .
recorder needs to be louder . too low can't hear but my kids love it . needs to improve on sound only .
harold is really a great addition to the thomas the train set . a must have ! my son plays with a lot .
i am sure i could have found this at the dollar store ... nothing special but kids wanting nesting dolls .
your kids can have their own clubhouse . come withs mickey and minnie figures . easy to assemble . kids enjoy playing with it .
i bought this because my almost 2 year old pretty much destroyed regular crayons . these are perfect and extremely durable and the case is great to .
i bought this for my granddaughter's second birthday along with the disney princess songs palace . she loves all her princesses !
in my opinion i believe the following : miniature is a 5flight stand is am3game system is a , 3overall happy though with the purchase
this is great for on the go , knowing we may need it when we're out and about ! even if we have a fully charged unit !
all 5 lipos work fine . more power & more response . unless you have a large indoor area , fly her outside .
this is a fun bath toy that my 2 1/2 year old son and 4 year old daughter enjoy playing with .
purchased this for my two grand daughters . they have spent a lot of time playing with them . old fashioned toy .
very realistic looking . sturdy . great addition to a walking dead collection . nice size to display on a shelf . great detail .
i enjoyed playing this game with kids and adults . it was easy to learn and challenging enough for most levels .
my son expend all the time playing and also like to collect them very nice idea so he can learn to value them
this is a great extention to the thomas train track my grandkids already owned . super durable and impressive . good job !
if these were a little larger i would have liked the product more . small in size so they can't pretend to cook more than one item in it .
it's a great toy for eye-hand coordination . i bought it in combination of a small swim pool for a birthday present .
bought to apply to face painting designs - claim to be self adhesive but they are not . maybe they stick to paper but not on painted faces .
my daughter loves this ! she gets to style each monster and has fun picking out all different styles for each monster .
i do like this product but the trailer doesn't come off , so in a way its good and bad at the same time .
doll great for collection . it is above the other on the floor of the head . very beautiful . comb and stand black . thank you .
14 month old loves to use this broom . now i can use my broom the sweep and she has her own . works great !
my 5 year old son loves the new disney planes movie so this was a great gift for him on his 5th bday party to get !
great banner for our sons birthday party . very bright and colorful . it's a little small but still woke great . cute !
do 5 sprays while someone in the shower and see what happens . i purchased this thing twice b / c it worked so well .
fairly easy to assemble and the size is pretty much what i was looking for , comes with everything shown in pic
this was really cute . came really fast . it was a little pain to put it all together but it was worth it at the end .
this set of clothes is nice , and barbie looks different when she wears them , but i expected to receive a better quality .
my daughter was very pleased with this purchase . it was a nice assortment of colors at a very reasonable price .
melissa and doug products are great and my 2 yr old daughter really enjoys fishing for the puzzle pieces . great for eye hand coordination .
this is very good activity book , colors is very good , and occupies my son 2y10m well.its also good for alder kids .
you will not need a exercise ball for this mammal ... he is his own built in ball for rolling . but is is so darn cute !
the child i bought this for is a one year old and she loved the whole set . she loves to rock !
we love m & d puzzles ! this is a great quailty product , and my son loves them . i would recommend this to anyone .
link ! is perfect i couldn't say anything bad . this is also one perfect figuarts . must to have to your collection
loved the price and the size its perfect for flying around the house very fun its a great product for sure
works as advertised - they cut dough - great for kids - lots of colors and all plastic with various shapes you can cut the dough into .
my granddaughter loves to throw the ball in the basket . i love the fact that it's adjustable and has a ball return spout on it .
i realize these would not be very realistic , but they did not last through christmas day . the lens broke and then were thrown awaya waste of money
i bought this toy when my daughter was about 8 months . it isa bit loud so she jumped everytime the worms pup up .
very cute toy for the young ones . it is animated , easy to interact with and makes a great deal of noise and different sounds .
i think this is a great game for kids . it's a classic game revamped with nice illustrations and simple gameplay .
bought at christmas time for a friends two daughters and they love the item along with the cradle i bought them .
these are cute their 3 " tall and look like characters unlike some figures ive seen . i purchased them for my nephew and he loved them .
we needed a game that would be great for all ages to play . this game was perfect ! super funny & lots of laughs !
fun novelty for kids ... we used them during scavenger hunt and the kids still use them to try to prank people ...
this fun game from my childhood was purchased for my granddaughter . she loves it as well . fun for everyone . recommend .
i think any little train lover will enjoy talking spencer . my toddler seemed drawn to the shiny silver . the take-n-play products are great for little hands .
this is a must have for the early school age child in your home ! my daughter loves school and she loves playing this game everyday !
i bought these little critters for a xmas gift for my kids . the claw these are the perfect size to fill the machine with .
i bought these to give to our dog . they're fine for that purpose . i think they are a bit bigger than regular tennis balls .
it is nice well made and looks so nice . we love doctor who and had to have this . good item .
i love this little lego set - it is very fun to build and imagine . legos have always been a " go to item " for me !
both my 2 and 5 year old like this . thank you melissa and doug for the great products ! ! ! we are enjoying it
you can never go wrong with legos . the granddaughters loved it and couldn't wait to put them together . of course their dad had to play too . lol
my sons were excited to see this game come to the door . they learned how to play it easily and quickly .
this toy helicopter is awesome the guy comes out or you can leave him in the helicopter its big would make a great present for any boy
5 year old grandson did not like it , boring , very limited levels of interaction ... i believe he would have done better with an actual i-pad .
i ordered this for my son ; this item was exactly what i was expecting and he loved it ; thank you !
it is the perfect size for a 4 year old . she loves putting cinderella in and out . good material and easy to move around .
cute , soft , and well-made . seems like it will last . looks just like the pvz character . my sons love the app and the plushies !
my son wouldnt even touch it . it is pretty noisy and my guests had to complain a bit about the noise .
got this for my daughter as a reward and she loves it ! it's cute , soft and well-made . everything you'd expect a disney stuffie to be . :)
this is a great product . the kids love these sets . they bring a whole new meaning to lego blocks . great purchase . tons of fun .
graphics are good , there is just not that much content to this game .
the dog is very soft and looks very cute . i bought a few to give as favors at my daughter's wizard of oz party .
my daughter loved it soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much . lllllooooovvvveeeedddd iiiiiitttttt . i do recommend this item.it works great does everything is suppose to do .
a great educational toy for my 3 year old grandson.he has learned his abc's - - - his numbers & improved his vocabulary . i highly recommend this .
came in a timely manner . very easy to set up . my son loves to play with it alot . little tikes is a great brand
they were like your average decorations at a good price , my daughter liked it so much they hung them in there bedroom
i much rather have purchased this for my dog to chew on . don't waste your money very flimsy and not well put together . terrbile .
excellent details and articulation . he would've been perfect if he was more muscular and taller . comes with a passable effect that is for a kamahameha wave too .
this thing is a steal for $ 10 . i'm not afraid to let my 3 yr old have fun like a kid should on a karioke machine
i really like these ! they are so realistic looking and well made . i'm sure my great grandson will love them . i know i do !
i believe figuarts has made the best power ranger figures to date . green ranger looks excellent , great articulation . very habit .
my son still plays with this toy and we've had it for quite a while . that's a miracle in itself !
this is something my 6 year old granddaughter wanted and she is very happy with it . i have not idea what it is or what it does .
great gift for my 20 month old , she loves monkeys . not much else to say about this toy blabla ... bla
would have given michelangelo 5 stars but the cost made mechoose 4 stars instead . made a great christmas present .
my 2 and almost 4 year olds fight over this doll house . bought for my daughter and my son plays with it just as much !
mario is a favorite in our house , and my son loves the silly ghost with his tongue hanging out . very cute plush character !
the addition of the taco and burrito set to our play restaurant is perfect . it's easy to assemble and the product is well made .
my daughter loves this toy . the only thing i don't like is the toy is small . it is a nice toy .
this pool was easy to set up and is a great way for small children to cool off in the summer heat .
this is a large figure of superman , and our kids love it . it is well-made and very appealing to all kids . recommend ! !
intriguing game that is tough to play but feels great once you master it . it is worth the challenge ! ! highly recommended .
these are really cute and not too thin . we bought these for my son's 2nd birthday . i am very happy with them .
it's a delightful and pretty way for a child to have fun . when it's not wetting a toddler , it sits in my garden and looks pretty .
anytime i can make one of my kids happy for just a few dollars , great . came in timely fashiion , fit her doll . win / win
for the price paid , this box set is worth the money with a minifigure , the trophy and the race car . kids love it .
never met a child who didn't love the classic see ' n say , adults , too ! this one won't disappoint the youngest to oldest .
this is a good version for the kids . the plastic locking pieces keep the game board from being shuffled or sliding if kids get to excited .
these lacing plates are great ! my daughter loves them . they are cute and helps with motor skills . would recommend .
my one year old loves this book , e mostly pushes the questions button and its annoying but it says whatever picture he pushes and has the words .
several of these telescopes were broken when the package arrived . the ones that were still intact were a cute addition to treat boxes .
i bought this set for one reason : to get the tauntaun . i also like that it comes with many minfigs and guns .
these do exactly as advertised.they ' re just refills for the rocket launcher , and they actually do glow in the dark .
got this game for my 8 year old . we have played it a few times and he really seems to like it and it makes him think .
some of the shoes were a little big for the barbie doll . nice selection of colors & styles . still a good buy for the price .
angry bird plush was a super gift for my grandson for christmas . for any child that is an angry bird fan they will love this one .
this is an over the top barbie house . my daughter is gonna flip out when she sees this on christmas . cant wait to give it to her .
this was a gift for our friends ' 2 - yr old . i was surprised by how small it is ... i hope they liked it ...
balloon doesn't fly very long and if it touches grass it's out ! little kids will need adults to put together nozzle .
my son loves his percy , thomas and diesel squirters . he can now play with his trains in the bathtub . which is fun .
just as described , really pleased . little girl loved it ... would recommend . got to me in time , satisfied with the product
a must have if you want to fly for an extended period of time . they come with the velcro needed to attatch to the bottom of the plane's fuselage
my 8 - year-oldson is a science geek . he had fun with this clock for 1 experiment , then the novelty wore off .
great shape my daughters love monster high dolls and for the price this was amazing . 5 star for sure . wish i could get more for this price
great figure . tight joints . very well detailed . the sabers can be abit fragile so take care of it . i highly recommend this .
really nice tennis shoes that fit the american doll . my granddaughter willlove these for her american doll . she will be surprised .
my 1 1/2 year old granddaughter likes to remove the binky and kiss baby stella . the doll is well made and is cute as a button !
this doll is so pretty . she has very cute clothes and is a lot taller than i expected . my 9 year old will love her !
these are great for church and long road trips . i have two of them and my kids both really like them . nice size for travel .
very well made . sturdy and will hold up . bought it for church preschool class . kids love it , and it will last .
awesome games . awesome education ... awesome fun . what more do you need for your child ! !
girls loved them and they all had earrings for a while , none want to get them pierced so this worked for them
although my 4 year old grandson enjoyed playing with these , i thought they were a bit smaller then i thought they would be
my 5 year old grandson wanted transformers . the bigger ones are to complicated for him . this one is perfect for his age
the bed is perfect for the lalaloopsy littles . she can enjoy playing house with this size furniture that goes with the lalaloopsy sew cute large three story house .
this was just perfect for the child who received it . he was really happy to get james to add to his collection of " thomas " trains .
my grandson , uses this to store his lego pieces . he also uses it as a seat . i am glad i bought this
my granddaughter loved this addition to her loving family dollhouse . she has really enjoyed playing it . very cute , durable product .
nice quantity . looking forward to play time.more words it is great fun and looking to lots of creations fun fun fum
this game truly is family fun . we all enjoy playing . i have never laughed so much playing a game with my sons .
bought this for my daughter's preschool room & they love it . a fun little toy where they can pretend to be their dad , grilling out :)
i bought these secret diaries for my three grand daughters ages five to nine years old . they absolutely love them !
i bought this for my grandson as a gift . he has played with it everyday ! he just laughs and laughs at it
for the money , the best zoob to dollar ratio ... and my 8 year old has been busy playing with them since the moment he opened the bucket .
kept her busy for as long as the stickers lasted . after that she was done with this thing . another gimmic !
jaguar was ok not as cute as boots the monkeyi would buy again , he was a great size . good quality
my daughter loves these . i wish they hadn't dried out so fast , though . i had to buy more in less than a month .
my 4 year old daughter and my 2 year old nephew adored sharing this gift on christmas ... definite must for everyone with kids !
cute little set for christmas gift for 2 year old , good price , came quick , she still plays with it , was very little but cute in person
this was perfect for my four year old granddaughter . she plays with it almost every day . it is great that you can adjust the height .
no barbie dream house is complete without her highness miss barbie ! ! my daughter is gonna love it for sure thanks
mack the truck is part of the kids cars and trucks . it is made sturdy and bright , easy to roll on the floors .
ordered several characters for grandson's 7th birthday . he loves them all . no complaints here !
works well with existing wooden track system . locks in and fits well in all slots . nice addition to track layout design .
my daughter loved putting this lego friends tree house together . she is 5 and loves to do the lego friends sets together .
my niece is a minecraft junkie , she has loved this toy , she is 10 years old and has been able to enjoy with no issues .
bought this doll for my daughter . she loves it . it is super cute . just like the mini lalaloopsies but bigger .
these blocks are very interactive and brightly colored . baby reached for these many times and seems engaged inacting with them .
amazing saber my firend bought the darth vader , so now we can revive the epic battle . ben kenobi vs darth vader .
purchased for my 5 year old and she seems to enjoy it . it took her awhile to get the concept but she is having fun .
recipient of gift loved it ! he is really into legos and so he built it quickly and plays with it often
purchased at grandson's request because he needed a hook and a magnet ! both of which are on this train compliments his other engines
my six month old granddaughter got this for christmas . just right for a first doll . all of the corolle dolls i have given are just great .
i love wood toys for kids , and these are great . nice colors , and the pieces are very easy for little hands to work with .
very cute game ... my little one really loves to play with the mattresses and blankets and pillows and her dolls though . :)
my granddaughters love making these and playing with them . it keeps them busy and makes them happy . very nice gift for girls .
this tea set was still being used a year or more after the granddaughters got it . grandson loves it too . very durable .
this model is very nice and comes with a stand to display it when it's all together . my 8 - year-old nephew loved it !
my grandson loves everything dora so this toy was great for in and out of the bathtub . it's very well constructed . highly recommend this product .
purchased as a gift to encourage my 11 - year-old niece who likes to draw . she appeared very excited to receive it .
love it you pull the trigger an in about 6 seconds all 18 rounds are down range . you will need to buy more clips to keep the battle going
as mentioned before . my son enjoys all his pixar car toys . he has a collection of almost all of them .
after online set-up the card is easy to redeem . the good apps are excellent but pricey . i got a $ 20 card which didn't buy much .
i rated this a % because i love it . i would recommend this to every one i know . thank you
my son wanted a top hat for dress-ups . this is cheap but perfect for him . the ribbon around the rim immediately came off .
i was disappointed thatthese were just cardboard . but they are attractive and fun for the grandchild . don't know how they will hold up .
my daughter loved this toy from the second she opened her present ! this was a huge hit and i highly recommend it .
i bought this for one of my grandsons for christmas . he loves it and that is good enough for me .
bought this for a toddler for dr dress up . great quality and it arrived prompt as usual . great bargain for the price
love the super hero designs , the kids loved them at the office . would recommend to others to buy . good deal
i looked every where and amazon had the best price like always ! my kid loves it ! good purchase and great product !
this a great set for play therapy . clients greatly enjoys these little finger puppets . be careful opening , i cut one opening the package .
leapfrog leappad 1 explorer learning tablet was a hit . no complaints . kids love it . you can't go wrong with these educational toys .
i am a day care provider and i bought these toys for my day care kids . they really like them .
was a gift for a grand child . there was no complaint so i assume all is well . kids love magic .
melissa & doug has an awesome reputation for a reason . this is just a fun little toy to break up all of the normal puzzles & coloring !
never worked on my syma . it was too heavy and the heli could never take off not even taking out some chasis steel parts .
the boys love playing with these magnetic trains . what boy isn't in to trains ? makes a good present any time of the year .
was a wedding gift , yahtzee is a classic game and great addition to any home . perfect couple game for those starting out .
my 4 year old really enjoys this game . he also likes to play with just the butterflies and the nets , lol
my little grandbaby loved this phone and all the sounds it makes . he can press buttons and the sound is great .
loved the cinderella carriage ! bought this only for the turrets . balcony is nice piece too . cinderella's satin skirt is precious .
i definitely recommend thomas ! my boys learned how to say the number 2 by this talking thomas . it also keeps my boys entertained .
nice railway jack . son loves it . works as expected . would recommend to anyone looking to add to their train set-up . :-)
purchased to use in a fun photo booth . fits adult , but a bit " shorter " than i'd imagined . still , a good purchase .
i bought these for my son and he loves them . there really made well . very colorful and makes a bath time fun .
my daughter fieles like a princes sin her birthay , she enjoyed her tiara very much
this is one of my grandson's favorite characters . fast shipping , great car . i would buy again and he loves playing with it .
our kids - 4 and 6 - loved this puzzle . floor puzzles let them spread it all out and enjoy the pieces . we highly recommend it .
cheap , inexpensive and a great toy ! my grandkids love it . they spent hours playing with it . it is also built well . good buy .
this is a nice game for the whole family . it works for many age groups and i think it is a nice gift .
this is not a kids game this is truelly for the adult with a warded mind and not squeamish about adult humor or inuendo
mmm , i think i've played the more generic version with other people and enjoyed very much.this one did not seem as fun although it was comedy movies ?
my toddler loves these . the only thing i would change is to add numbers in with it . can't find them in the same style .
this toy story , lotso is fantastic ! he's very high quality and a terrific price . my 4 yr old niece adores him .
was bought as a gift for a six year old . it didn't hold her attention for long . it's one of those toys that depends on the kid .
this is really a simple , easy to use , and fun little toy . i'd call it a classic toy .
this is a great educational video game . my daughter has learned so much from playing it . i am extremely pleased with my purchase !
this bow can be used indoors since it doesn't shoot too hard . great for younger players . i would recommend for children as young as 5 .
the product is as advertised the kid is happy and loved it . this is very soft and a good size .
i bought this for my cousin and she seemed to like it.the bunny i bought for my niece was made rather cheaply . i hope this one fared better .
i bought this for my granddaughter as one of her christmas presents last year . she really loved it and played with it a lot .
i am a huge transformers and lego fan . all the parts work with legos as well even though its made be kre-o .
classic , doesn ; t get better the an oldschool toys . worth the money to collect or give to the next generation of turtle lovers !
it's not what i thought but i hope my son likes this i got it for him for christmas . we'll see
setting up the track is all the fun . the nanos are a bore . i'd much rather have my 1970s vibrating football field .
toy has no off button . goes off in the middle of the night . waste of money . also , not that easy to stack the cups .
i really recommend this toy as it is not only pretty but has great quality and your kid will really use it so i guess its a hit
always happy with md and this is no exception . the chalk is solid , it does not break easily and is very low dust . good buy !
daughter was very excited to get it , but then once we started playing with it not so much . parts break easily .
eggs are a little small for a toddler.the ones with yolks just rest closed , if held they fall apart quickly .
when you purchase the nerf gun , you must get back up . the darts go by fast especially in a friendly fight :)
purchased as gift for grand daughter at christmas . we did have tea with the set and teapot did not leak , like many of the past ones .
cute candles especially when your little one loves anything that represents cars , roads , rescue trucks , construction and similar
picture is a little deceptive as they are more like birthday party favors . not a toy for kids to play with and have it last .
my son is happy , i really like the lego brand , want to buy bad cop chase , by lego movielove lego
i love melissa and doug stuff as do my kids ! these are great quality puzzles that get played with frequently !
this was a great stocking stuffer and alot of fun . sounds are somewhat realistic and its good for kids and adults .
my 4 & 5 year old love this . it's a simple clean up . easy to refill the paint bottles and cut more papers .
they fit great on the ag doll and it actually has elastic around the heel to help them stay on .
my 3 year olds liked it for 5 minutes and never returned to it . i wouldn't recommend this to anyone .
bought these for my son for christmas , they hold up really good but he uses the whistler nerf darts more than these .
my son has always been at breaking the unbreakable , but these pencils survived and that's a miracle , will be buying more of them .
this doll is very cute - well done to me . i am an adult collector ... and the price was not too bad
but really , who does not love lego ? ! it was given as a gift , i would assume that it is awesome .
we just started using this to encourage good behavior . the colorful stars get our four-year old's attention ! sturdy construction , plenty of stars for everything !
these puzzels of melissa and doug are always a big hit with the grandkids and so many topics of conversation with the puzzle and animals and what each does
can't dress the doll . the position of the legs make it impossible to dress and play with . the face is cute though .
i sent these to my grandchildren in ca . they share them and they play with them every day . good purchase .
so glad i could find this on line . my grandson loves science and i could not find anything in the stores . he has enjoyed his science wiz .
this is just a fun little tube of faeries that is perfect for party decoration , young children's play or party favors . they are small and detailed toys .
wasn't very easy to use and there were a lot of pieces to keep track of . i'd only recommend for serious magic goers .
my grand daughter enjoys this , learning the animals and her shapes.she spends a lot of time playing with this.really likes it .
this is a pretty doll . typical construction and quality expected for a barbie whose dress transforms . the girls enjoy playing with it .
my son loves it ! ! ! the car sits in the mouth and you launch another car toward the mouth and it falls out .
we purchased this as a birthday gift for a boy ... perfect for an introduction to knex and a fun present that isnt normally duplicated !
my son loves his duplos and cars , great combo got it for a nice price . ideal for young kids and tons of fun no matter your age
my son has enjoyed playing with this set . it is a lot of fun and enjoyed by both my children and husband as they all battle together .
excellent . good for kids who are just starting to form words .. works best if you start off with the following sethttp :/ / www.amazon.com/gp/product/b004pbngem/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8=1789=390957=b004pbngem=as2=nealo10a-20
material a little too silky for my liking , but my 5 year old granddaughter loved it . it was worth the money .
my granddaughter had just been in cheerleading class and loved it so i got this outfit for her doll she loved it
not bad the pirate party was a hit tho kids loved it my son kept one hat cute i saw it the other day made me smile
this set is a great addition to the little pet shop collection . well made ! no complaints . daughter has had so much fun with this lovely collection !
my son totally thinks he is a spy and loves to use his goggles when he goes to bed . very cool
one of the most innovative games . everyone in the house loved this game . great for a long trip or lazy day at home .
a very cute set but be sure to purchase twin babies to go with it because they don't come with the set .
the details on this piece are awesome ! my son is going to love it ! thankyou for a great piece lego !
5 star , recommend them the quality is great and the color was hard to find for my granddaughters who love them as christmas presents
just what i was looking for . my 2 1/2 year old loves it . good size . soft . arrived just as described .
grandsons love them . thank goodness they fold in for travelling around . there are sturdy , well made and hold up well to active twin boys .
both my grandkids who are 4 and 2 love this vtech guitar . it has a few different keys to keep them entertained .
it looks really cool , but it's for a birthday party in june ... so i really don't know yet ... i'm sure it will be great !
he seems to like it but just worth what it is asking , still a nice present for the little man .
my grandson always wants me to order these for him , but he really does not seem to play with them very long .
these are very pretty and the kids love them . a beautiful paint job , very feminine . also they fit into each other nicely .
i bought this as a gift for my grandson . works and not bad . it's a sit on the floor toy with no seat .
this is the best batman figure , other then the sq.enix figures . l love it , especially the cape
much bigger than i expected and i am thrilled ! bought these for our 2 1/2 year old and they are perfect .
small but sturdy . my 3 year old loves it and carries it around the house all of the time . she loves it
my husband and i purchased this for our daughter's 5th birthday . it has kept her leap pad safe even after dropping it on the steps outside our house .
this is a cute tattoo book with lots of different images and sizes . the tattoos stay on fairly good , some spots better than others .
what a fun way to learn all the states and their capitals . my kids love playing with this puzzle . great buy
lego has always been the best thing for my grandson . i swear he has them all ! it keeps him very busy for hours on end !
i love these dolls and this oasis is just as you would expect it to be . a beautiful and luxurious oasis for my doll collection .
great games . great for parties . great entertainment . i recommend for kids and adults . the price is also right for this game .
this was a great toy for my 1 year old . it is very simple to put together . he enjoys it a lot .
i thought my granddaughter should learn how to handle money .. she is 7 years old . she loves board games , but hasn't played this yet .
my five year old loved this game . he play's it all the time . and his older brother plays it also .
it has been a few days and we still cannot figure out the rules . the rule booklet is big and rules are very confusing .
great addition to our puppet theater & puppet set . definitely good quality item , the kids love it ! very nice item .
already had the original loaded questions game . saw this and had to purchase . hilarious game , hours of fun for adults !
this allows children to practice writing their letters as well as using letters to create words they should know for kindergarten !
my three-year-old granddaughter loves to play in her kitchen . this was a great addition so she can now make coffee for everyone .
good quality as leaffrog usually is , this was a decent price for being able to bypass the battery use when in the car .
my kids really like these little toys and have a blast playing with them . we have a few different designs .
chase is a great rescue bot toy ! he transforms really easy and looks really cool in bot and vehicle mode !
no complaints from me . one of my sons favorite christmas gifts . and his sword . lol works perfect and is fun to play with .
these are nice and white as opposed to some i have had . also very nice bands not skinny but substantial .
love this new addition to my grandsons thomas landscape table . he loves it too . only 2 years old and he figured it out fast .
i had no problems with the instructions or wires on mine , got it charged and it was good to go ! flys really easy and smooth .
so colorful and numbers and lots of fun ways to play with them . able to make them in one ball with all inside . kids love them
my grand-kids love them ... they take them to bed , in the car , on trips so it was a good investment .. loved it
bought this as a toy for my grandson . no interest at all . how do they tell the difference between a fake phone and a real one ?
i bought this for my grandson as a gift . he has had the best time playing with it . it is so cute
this is a great trick . it works every time , and it fascinates everyone i do it on.thank you again
purchased for a plane ride with my 8 month old . he loves it , he loves to shake it and rattle it and play with the moving balls .
my 15 month old loves this . the gears come off and are easy to put back on and stackable . very good toy .
i bought this for my grandson as a christmas gift . he is crazy about the ninja turtles . he imitates them .
chose this rating b / c my 2 year old likes his duplos so much , he even takes naps with them . a + legos , a +
quality is much better than i expected for the price . great for water-shooting play - their parents are pleased these are not water guns !
this model is designed for play and so it can be used with the lego star wars " desert skiff " ( 9496 )
tis is exactly what my daughter wanted for her zhu zhu pets , we completed the set by adding this piece , defitelly makes it more fun for her .
some accessories are small for younger children but detail and quality are excellent ! ! great value for this type of action figure ! !
my granddaughter spends hours playing with this . got other pieces to go with the house as well . loving family has lots of rooms .
we love the variety of wands as they allow us to make many different bubbles . the wands are sturdy and all work wonderfully .
his arm fell off rather soon after taking him out of the package . my son still likes him , but i was disappointed by it .
my son is 17 months old and he loves music and he loves to dance . he loves this ! great purchase !
if you are a fan of fighting games and if you are a fan of the tekkenvideo game series then you will llie to own this one
good to have these building pieces to work with . ample supply for my 4 grandchildren to use . satisfied purchase thank you
excellent pool toy ! the whisk and spoon are the favorites . i love this for a boy or girl .
i like these little thomas take-n-play trains a lot . they are very good little toys to keep your kids busy .
one of our new favorites ! highly recommend it ! the only bummer is you can really only play with four people .
this is so much fun . think pick up sticks and jenga all together in one.we have had so much fun playing this and so will you .
super cheap , but that's about what i expected . i wouldn't want any kid to chew on those though . good for pirate chest bling .
very cute . but , the eyes are beads , which are not recommended for infant or toddlers who put everything in their mouth . disappointing .
my 3 year old likes it but i didn't know it wasn't compatible with his wooden set so now i'm looking for a take n play .
this is a wonderful calico critter set that our daughter will love to open on christmas morning ! thank you so much !
my children played with this one a bit . but they toy box saw it the most . but that's what they are 4
this is one of those toys that everyone wants to play with . there is something satisfying about stacking the rings up correctly .
very fun pull toy . my grandson pulls it all over and loves the movement of the alligator .
i purchased this for my employer's little girl . she comes in to visit sometimes and we do art projects , mostly coloring . she loved this item .
the cutest frog ! i have to buy another one already . it is a great size and looks just like the picture .
its ok its not very stable it keeps on unzipping and its pretty annoying , so i got rid of it
i received them pretty quick . i really liked them and they were made well . bigger than i thought but will diffidently wear them .
spider is amazing . my 8 year old loves this set and honestly so do i . hours of fun and play .
bands appear to be fairly sturdy and daughter is thrilled with variety of colors . pleased with number of bands for the price .
great for the girl that loves stickers ! this is just one giant pad of stickers . i would buy these again .
how they make a skeleton girl look pretty is beyond me but she is really cute . my daughter enjoyed making her create a monster skeleton girl !
hard to find a stuffed animal that stands - the prerequisite my daughter was looking for in a doggy toy . this one has maintained his stature since easter .
what a wonderful invention . i would've liked receiving this myself as a child . it will add to my niece's capabilities . she enjoys making things .
we are indiana jones fans so my son loved getting this for christmas . i loved the curled whip . what you see is what you get .
it was exactly what we wanted / needed and at a fair price . we are not buying legos at big stores anymore !
my great grandsons just loved this toy . they made noises sang and just generally enjoyed themselves . good value for money .
a great toy for any young person , who saw the movie or advertisements , it will last for a period of time for any young child .
vibrant colors that quickly dry so that they can be done again , easy to use , and no mess . perfect for my 5yo !
this game is quick to play and quite fun . very durable and a great bargain . this is my favorite gift for preschooler birthday parties .
the child size mop is actually larger than i thought it would be . made well and sturdy . grandchild loves it .
i would go with other solar powered toys . the grasshopper is interesting , but it doesn't really hop ... it just vibrates in circles .
my daughter likes it but the minifigurines are not so funny ( she says ) i think is because she loves star wars minifigurines :)
this game is disgustingly offensive to people of all race , religion , country of origin , etc . 10/10 would play again . friends feel the same way .
my granddaughter was pleased to get two pair of boots . she says one is for snowy days and one is for dress-up .
works great , only gave 3 stars because my 4 year old nephew was terrified of it . apparently it's too realistic . my bad .
my kids love it ! they have a blast creating new designs . we'll have to get another bucket soon . have fun !
i purchased this for my grandson's birthday . i don't know who is having more fun with this-my grandson or his dad .
my son played with it only a few times . maybe he will go back to it . you can make cute little rides
nice quality crayons with easy grip shape for preschoolers . cute princess storage case to keep crayons and for taking on the go .
my daughter was 18 months when she received these and they were ok . very sturdy and will last fr many years to come
hard to re-fold - - - 3 year old grandson found it boring---nice size though not too small or too big---very durable--it's just ok
got this for my daughters 4th b-day & she likes it . was worth the price ( say that cause that's what all these dolls cost )
really cute barbie . my girls loved these dolls . they have played with these the most . cute outfits , and detailed appearance .
this item is so pretty and compliments the outfits it goes well with . my 10 year oldgranddaughter loves the sparkle outfits .
easy enough for my 5 year old to put together , and is very brightly colored . he loves dinosaurs so this was a perfect gift !
this is perfet fof young children . just the right size for a 3 year old . she has had many hours of fun already on this .
bought for a gift . you can't go wrong with anything playmobil ! always fun always quality ! a great gift that kids will love !
my daughter uses her innotab 2 constantly and these batteries hold the charge through games and movies . no complaints here .
my son loves this plane . he has so much fun playing with it . . . . . . . .
this is one of my daughter's favorite bath toys ! ! it is a must have for tubby time !
bought this for my niece when she turned one and it was definitely a hit ! she is now approaching two and it still gets lots of play !
3 plates for dulplo sized blocks.one large rectangle and 2 square plates . bigger than what is included in the sets.performs as expected .
i like the tea pot and cups but the treats were kind of stupid .
my 11 yr old son really likes this toy . he is at the age he is starting to outgrow toys , but this holds his attention .
my daughter loves her jessy & bullseye . clothes , boots and belt are all removable on jessy . bbullseye stand on his own .
this game is fun for the whole family . even our 6 year old plays it ! it is easy enough for beginners to play !
used these as a cake topper for my daughter's 5th birthday , and now she and her little sister get tons of playtime out of them !
i bought these for my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter for the bathtub and she loves them ! wonderful product to have !
well made but wish it had more moving parts . grandson gets bored but still pushs around the floor . needs more action
this is so much fun for kids to pretend to cut food and make sandwiches . my kids fight over it and we have given it as gifts too !
we love music and these bells are very good quality . they have been around for over 2 years now ! great for pre-schoolers .
had fun with this one . put it up and took it down to play pin the banana on the minion .
this is a cute game . the grand kids are really enjoying it . it is vibrant with color . they are having a great time playing .
these boots match her little doll coat perfectly , and my granddaughter loves them.my granddaughter is 4 years old , and she received these for xmas .
our little grandson will be trying to fix and build everything with tool set and i will have to worry about him getting hurt or breaking something with this .
my daughter received this doll for christmas and really loves playing with it . i would definitely recommend it for others .
she played with it until she ran out of colored pencils . she loved playing with this and designing her own outfits .
bought with az xmas order for my gd , very well made fp quality ! al lot to play with , time will tell how much she likes it .
great action toy that our son enjoys.we have the bow and these were replacement arrows.he likes to play with it and his toy nerf guns .
who wouldn't love rainbow dash ? i mean , really ? i bought two , and my girls love them ! very cute doll ! :d
the toy is smaller than it looks and it's more suitable for a very young toddler . i bought it for a 2 year old .
my son loves this , he has used 3 boxes already ! whoever came up with this idea is awesome , im thinking about using it myself , lol ..
plush without being stiff and overstuffed . quality feel , well-sewn . would make a good stuffed friend for a little boy or girl .
it was really nice to find socks for the dolls . i just wish they would fit better . they get wrinkled whenever you put the shoes on .
fairly small but since it is for little hands that is okay . good quality . as usual happy with an item from melissa and doug .
both my 1 & 3 year old love this . comes with lots of well made parts . makes noises . kids love it .
it's a cute pen with multiple colors . might be hard for small hands to manage . kind of big for my daughter to write with comfortably .
good extra track or build your own track . just remember that this track is not grooved for the powered train . no traction .
my grandson loves his leappad and loves this game . i would definitely buy this game again . who does not love monsters university ?
zombie merle is another mcfarlane figure that shines . he is very detailed . i just wish it came with his pistol as well but can't complain .
i sent these as a gift . i have been told that they are played with daily and the girls love them . the mom loves them as well .
all kids love these characters . small for little todddler hands ... go greatwith the sesame street neighborhood playset . my 2 year old loves them .
my little grandson is a fan of batman ! i bought this for him as a present and he loves it !
bought this little guy for my grand baby . she loves him and is forever dragging him around . one of her favorites .
i still have a soft spot in my heart for all things winnie the pooh cudnt resist getting this adorable stuffed animal for my niece she loves it !
plays a cute little tune & thoroughly entertains energetic two-year old boy ! colorful & easy-to-hold animals & farmer . sturdy , well made toy .
cute to have the whole family in the castle . they are adorable and my grand daughter likes it . very cute
my granddaughter loves this especially since its pink ! its her favorite color it came on time and well packaged .
the book is nicely sing qith four songs .. it teach letters abc n numbers 123 and all time fun for kids especially 1 n half year old
my 5 year old has been using this for the last year . used with the gel pad and together they are indestructible .
my son got a leapster gs for his birthday and he kept leaving it around the house . this is exactually what he needed .
i bought this for my 7 & 9 year old grandsons . they are lego and ninjago fans . they both appeared to enjoy it .
clean , self contained and such a fun gift for our 4 year old son . lots of pages included in the book .
it def a great xmas gift for you kid no matter what age he or she is ... .. .. :d
great for us beginners , but the instructions are lousy . look them up online to get the gist.otherwise , interesting game - not for when you're tired !
met all expectations , our grandson hasn't stopped playing with his new guys . this line is a very big hit in our family .
this is the greatest game in the world . great packaging and graphics . i love the whole thing . catan is so fun !
my grandson loves this . it is still in good shape after he has stepped on , dropped and thrown .
both of my children love this ! i have not had a single problem from it . the batteries have lasted and my kids sleep with it on every night
my grandson really likes robots and liked this toy . he plays with it frequently and it is durable . would recommend it highly .
what's not to love ? every child we had owned one of these , and now we're gifting to grandchildren . love this toy !
plastic instead of wood as back in my day but none the less still fun to build and create with . well made
this is an amazing organization tool and super functional ! they can play on the ramp deisgn inside the bag and store all their toys ! absolutely loved this !
little boys love ben 10 and my grandson is no exception . this is a cute toy and he loves playing with it !
my little grand son really got a lot of fun withthis game , expecially having the extra wheelies thati got him to go with it .
this is a very nice educational toy . i haven't given it as a gift yet , but thought it was very nice anyway .
my 4 yr old nephews love these ! super cute , super fun to play with . great birthday gift for a really good price !
solid , well put together and fresh . this expansion shouldn't be your first but can happily be an expansion after that .
my boys love this , they finished every project in the manual , this is a great starter for electric engineers - one of the must have toys .
it's a great toy for a pre-walker to when they start using it as a scooter . good investment ! great toy . my daughter loves it.very well build .
for the price this is a great gift idea . my daughter loves to pretend she is a fashion designer and she just loved this
if your child likes the movie " cars " and likes to look at books , they will love this . it's a really cute story .
this was brand new and no problems , it is helpful to keep legos stable for my 4 year old son and my daughter is 6
they all came horribly scratched and useless ... piece of junk do not buy do not buy do not buy if you do you will be very disappointed ...
this was a gift for my grandson he loves it he is very hard on toys but the leap holds up fine .
this family is precious . great details and the mom has real hair . my daughter loves that they bend and are easy to make sit or pose .
sons loves this . sings , plays , hugs and sleeps . wish it would sit up better on its own . a great toy !
i use these bubbles with a bubble gun and they work fantastically ! definitely a great value for the price i paid .
the stand and detail is great , colors amazing and size adecuate ! i would like one o r two more on diferent postures to complement a set !
great product with wonderful ideas for these lego friends . our 5 year old enjoys the challenge of putting together lego friends and then loves to play with them .
i bought the green arrow action figure to add to my collection . it looks really good among the other action figures .
absolutely love them both draculaura looks gorgeous and we love the real fur on clawds face and head very great set
i bought two of these adaptors for my grandchildren to read their vtech readers in a car going for long distances . they work great .
nice size even for kids ' hands . and it is very lifelike and cute . this is one of the best folkmanis puppets i have seen .
my son is going to love these ! ! luckily one day the price dropped down to $ 12 something so i grabbed them up
christmas gift ... i am sure she will like it as i purchased the plane already and her collection seem to be growing
love the new spin on the old games . i purchased this as a gift and the little girl loves it .
legos are great for any age any gender . my granddaughter loves them and i love the way it spurs her imagination .
other than it not being a lot of paint , we love it . i will definitely buy again , just maybe in bigger bottles .
let's hope this problem stays in the realm of a game and does not attack the global community for real !
i bought this transformer for my great nephew for his birthday and like the rest of the ones that i bought him , he absolutely loved it .
its a cool thing to watch grow . but when i got it the packaging was completely ruined . im glad i only paid a few bucks .
he loves this . it does need to be done with an adult be he and his dad enjoy working on it .
the children of the house have had an endless amount of good time with this particular plush , he is a favorite .
my daughter love lalaloopsy . this doll is a great size if she wants to take it in the car . so very cute .
that's all , they are just awesome ! i'm excited for my next purchase ! can't decide who i'm getting next ! i'm thinking darryl from the walking dead :)
my nephew was wanting this for a long time and his mom and i figured he waited long enough . he was so excited he got it .
this is a great drum ! being able to wear it like a bass drum was the reason i purchased it and is perfect for my grandson !
for the price these are great erasers , especially to give as small prizes . the students love them and they erase good .
the kids really enjoy this fun product . we also bought a big bucket of the replacement beads for them so they could get creative .
just as shown in picture . good quality . i am sure my niece will love it to go with the doll house i got her . thanks .
this is cheap crap that breaks all the time . also didn't even get the clips i was promised . i say it's overpriced junk
sturdy , kids love using them . love the hard box it stays in . and it seems to work well with kids with small hands
bought this for my 4 year old grandson . great idea , worth the money many pockets , color as stated . will wear well .
sweet little drum , perfect for a small child . durable enough to last several years . would recommend and return to order again .
practical and fits the purpose for our art easel and art table . i've bought several of these over the years .
i looked at them and love the detail and quality . cost was great and you got a lot for the money
my daughters loved this ! jewelery and nails ? what else could be more fun for 7 , 5 and 4 year old girls ?
great way to spend time with your 5 year old . very small , so pop it in your bag for easy entertaining on the go :-)
my 5 year old son loves the cartoon and he doesnt mind that the characters he sees on tv are so small as a toy . really cute !
this is a great casual game . simple rules , and way fun . i would recommend this game . very similar to rummicube .
makes the kids happy . the bubbles last a long time in the air and seem thicker . they are big , so it does what it says .
stocking stuffers for my kids this year . boys will be estatic . will let you know later how well they work .
i bought these for my daughter's tangled birthday cake . she loved the cake but more importantly , loves playing with these toys still .
who doesnt love a good game of chutes and ladders . this time it is spider man and hulk . we cant wait for family game night !
got 6 for my girls they are ages 9-26 , awesome gifts for valentine . don't have to feed , bath or dress .
my 4year old grand daughter loves anything with sofia . this set goes with the talking castle which she enjoys playing .
tried baking and mashing , nothing will improve taste . potato's accessories were gristly and tough . this meal made me feel sick . do not buy !
my daughter absolutely loved this balloon . it added a bit of pizazz to her sofia the first birthday party ! i would definitely recommend this product .
my teen daughter loves ( by loves i mean is obsessed ) the walking dead show . this was a perfect addition to her collection of walking dead items .
this is a great action figure we love it and have it up on display on a ledge in our studio !
got this for granddaughter for christmas and she loved it . would have liked it better if it were larger . it was a little smaller than i expected .
its a cute little toy around 2 years of age would enjoy this more my daughter was 4 . its nice for the night you have a volume switch
my 5 year old daughter wants to play it every night.it is fun enjoyable and definitely helps make her think !
the keys get stuck sometimes and the numbers are so hard to see on the keys--this could be a great toy with a few tweaks .
perfect size to hold - wheels run smooth and all movable parts are big so less dangerous . my toddler loves these .
calico critters hopscotch rabbit family were cute and a birthdayhit for my 4 year old grand daughter - loved them
great ninja turtle character . great price on amazon . i got all 4 of them and they are cute . also the buggies and the van .
my almost 10 year old son flipped out when these arrived . they are chunky and good quality and fun to play with . couldn't be happier .
definitely this cute-looking grandpa is a great addition to my granddaughter's family house , as long as your grandpa plays golf !
this is the cutest toy , that your toddler will love . lots of discovery and learning . this is a very well made toy .
it is fun to build the helicopter or whatever lego's you have , when you finish building them it's great to be able to play with them .
this is a fun game for a group of friends or just our kids ( ages 6-10 ) and us ! easy to play and understand .
i'm gping to use this as cupcake topper for a party ... they look really great , i jsut didn't expect them to be very small
the quality of these wooden birds is fabulous . very well made and the colors are very bright . kids loved them and the birds look so cute .
my daughter loved this so much , i purchase these for her friends for their birthdays . lego making a girls line is a home run . great product .
my 6 yerar year old grandson used this for his school classes . very educational for primary and middle school children .
you never know when you're going to need these , they're just handy to have around for those unexpected repairs . and you really can't beat the price .
these cards are not only full of great laughs to be shared with your friends . they're also very high quality and make wonderful gifts !
this is a nice addition to the loving family dollhouse . my granddaughter has the toddler doll , so now there is a big sister .
great toy my kids loves them . sorry i do not have time to write more.yes i would recomend this toy !
it does light up like it's supposed to , but it floats sideways .. never does it float like the picture shows .
my grandson was so excited about getting this gift . it was his favorite thing . next best thing to being spiderman .
my husband and i are intelligent people and we couldn't get this at all . its defiantly not something to keep your kids busy without your help .
this was a good gift idea for our little ghostbuster fan ! he's 6 and i'm glad to find it here on amazon .
a very big and nice selection of colored pencils . my grandchildren received as stocking stuffer . i was delighted with purchase and so were they
my daughter has the leapster and is always after batteries so i brought this instead says alot of time and has a long cord so they are not really restricted
my son loves this a lot . he is learning how to play pretend and understand what each item is already
grandson loved it ! fast service ! easy to assemble for a 4 year old ... love amazon ... you guys are the best .. keep it up !
i purchased for my grandbaby for christmas . this really helps advancing hand mobility , i would recoomend to anyone with a toddler
what a great toy for a young child to play with outside or in . it will keep them busy and moving !
nerf darts are excellent ! they worked perfectly as extras for my daughters nerf rebelle gun . they really fly !
these are great for tiny 2 year old hands . my daughter likes these more than the regular crayons that she has a tendancy to snap in half .
quick and pretty faced pace game . good time especially with recent zombie craze . i like that its cooperative and has good replayability .
this was purchased for my 4 year old & he loved it bc he loves little people and my 1 year old loves the truck and sounds
my daughter loves boots from " dora the explora " and on her birthday she is gong to go " bananas " lol just adorable !
bought for grand daughter . she loves it . hold her lepad 2 great . will hold games and chargers too . will recommend to others
this case fits the leap pad 2 perfectly . it was protected it from a few drops to the floor with no issues .
bous always love cars and it doesn't matter how big or how small . it is loads of fun and will occupy a boy for hours /
my grandkids like this game and play it on the leapfrog quite often with other games we have . i like that it is a learning game , too .
i was excited to find this gary , it seems he's harder to find than spongebob . it is so cute and the perfect size for small hands .
we love this book / toy . my kids have so much fun every december morning racing around the house trying to find elf first !
this box was really small and contains common craft items you can buy in bulk for a total of 1.00 . what a rip off .
my daughter loves these ! they work perfectly and she and her friends love making bracelets and other fun fashion accessories .
my twin grandsons love playing and making things with legos . it helps encourage their creativity and provides hours of fun for them .
i bought this for my niece's third birthday and she enjoyed brushing this baby's teeth over and over . very good tool to help with brushing teeth !
bought this for a birthday gift . super cute and fun to play with ! the ducks are adorable as well ! definitely recommend .
my son loves this game . you run with the monster . and it's a really good game . i would buy it as a gift for someone else .
this kit was a gift for a 9 year old girls birthday . she was excited to receive it , but i don't know how it performed for her .
we needed more lego plates . my boys always need more surfaces to build their " floorplans " and their little cities . great product and great price !
christmas gift for grandson - he loves legos and star wars . no complaints . why do we have to use so many words .
the workmanship in this dress was just beautiful . it will make one little girl very happy . i'm impressed at the quality .
works well with thomas and friend railway system-boys loved it . bright color , railroad car door opened with sound of animal
this is the perfect size for little hands to carry around , not just in the tub . love all things bubble guppies at our house !
my doughter love this princess and she enjoy all day long with him and other dolls that i bouth from amazon thank you so much for your effort .
this is a perfect gift for children that are young and may want to draw on everything , because these markers only work on this paper .
cute but the thin is its big . that's all you need to watch out for . customer reviews do not joke around when we say it's big .
got this for a grandson who turned six . thought it would be easy to throw and catch . he loves it !
got this for my 5 year old grandson . he is just starting with legos . with a little guidance , he had no problem putting it together .
these would be great if they didn't reek of chemicals ! they make the whole cupboard smell like paint fumes ! it's too bad because they are very cute .
they're stickers . they stick to things . my kid loves them . once they stick to the floor they're pretty hard to remove lol .
they work well with the bus and boat . they work well in the bath tub.the small pieces are a pain but it was still great !
my 4 year old loves all of the melissa and doug play foods . he loves cooking with them and pretending .
this is another great figure with a lot of detail . spidey is a bit of a creeper peeking in through the window though !
this was a birthday present for our three year old daughter and she loved it . it is well made and i have no complaints .
my son got this at 4 months and he already loves it . its a cool toy for a little boy
it's exactly as pictured and described . the little girl ( 2 yrs old ) that i gave it to absolutely loved it ! ! !
little kids no spill big bubble bucket , colors may vary the best topy to have for cheap entertainment . kids of all ages love this
the doll meet my expectations and my daughter loves it , colorful , great material , pretty good packet and presentation , great toy !
was a little disappointed that the scanner & food didn't go with the grocery cart food & other stuff from leapfrog . but overall it is cool !
my son was so very thrilled when we founf deadpool action figure online . he has it in the box still and plans to keep it that way .
easily fits art easel . tons of paper . easy to use . bright white in color and easy for paint , marker , or crayon .
this bag is adorable , and sturdy . a great gift idea--fill with beach toys and swimsuits . beautiful color , quality & design .
our grandson requested this item for christmas . the service was excellent and fast . i recommend this product to anyone that has chirldren that love angry birds .
like most symas this one flies very well although battery life leaves a lot to be desired . would be nice if they were more easily replaced .
this looked like fun and was on my daughter's wish list , but it really isn't great . wish i had skipped it
bought for my youngest nephew for christmas and he loves them . hes old enough to understand how to play with it now and always has them ! !
they only work on crayola color wonder paper ! no more marks where you don't want them ! works great for preschoolers !
promptly delivered . it has not been played with yetbut i am sure they will enjoy it . looks like lots of fun .
bought this for my 7 year old daughter . she loves drawing and painting . it kept her busy for a good 1.5 hours .
great stocking stuffers . there are lots of assorted stamp heads which should delight the younger crowd . would recommend them to others .
this was a gift and one that has lasted through all 3 kids baby stages . my youngest is really enjoying it .
great doll ! my daughter received this christmas and she loves it . she has already played with both dolls and they seem well made .
this is perfect for travel , car rides , and even just going to restaurants . doesn't make a mess and is fun to use .
these finger puppets are cute but my 3 year old son can't even get them on his little fingers . kind of a waste of money for me .
the pens are really cool something to have fun with , trick your friends and enjoy a few laughs with , you will definitely enjoy this product .
since i bought a building table with the green plates i decieded to buy a few blue ones to go with her set
legos friends was the best thing from legos for girls ! ! my niece loves them and i think she now has pretty much everything ! ! !
what a great game ! my 4 year old loves the disney princess . it is such a great educational toy . we love it .
once again brand new as it stated , shipping fast and packaging was good so there was no damage during transit . another perfect christmas present done !
my two granddaughters [ age 4 1/2 and 2 1/2 ] loved them . when their watching sofia on tv they play with them pretending she is right there .
gave this as a birthday gift to a friend's grand son . you can seldom go wrong with melissa & doug toys
he love cars , trucks , and trains , and uses them all with this . he is very creative , and this entertains him .
easy to find matching items for themed baby gift . love those jellycat items ! more words ? buy jelly cat now now now
this is a good little toy . but it's very small . my grand son do like it and he play with it .
fun game that the kids have enjoyed playing over and over . they are still learning a few of the rules but love the idea of the " stores "
great set of accessory art supplies for little ones , very nicely packaged and naturally fit perfectly into the components of the easel
fun toy used in a wedding sensory box . iit is priced a little high for what it is i think .
excellent , excellent valentine gifts , great for any lady any age . soft n cute a must have item for any occasion
very cool figures would recommend if your kids like legos they will enjoy this toy a little bigger and kids have fun playing with them
i love this recharger , no more double a's needed ! just put it in the charger ! works great and i love it !
bop it is your pal ! it will insult you and keep track of your score . play with friends or on your own , both are totally addictive -
used for stocking stuffers and for christmas gifts to our first graders . colorful and compasses seemed to work well . nice .
large format and perfect for my 3 year old niece . great quality and large pieces for fun . cinderella looks natural .
glad that kids love paint and to color with marker . never have i seen my kids so happy for an xmas present !
ben 10 fans will love this ! my boys 4 and 7 love them and it makes for lots of imaginative play !
my daughter loved this paly set it has been one that she has wanted for a while and the price was good
i bought this and a tardis laplander hat for my college age granddaughter who is a devoted dr . who fan .
my daughter loves this game . it is great for memory and simply spending time with my daughter . the game is colorful and well made
i bought this for my nephew and he absolutely loves it ! he is a huge curious george fan and these are a great addition to his toys .
my for years old boy absolutely ooves this toy ! we has now the complete collection ! he is the happiest child in town !
gives off enough light to replace a night light ! i love it for my daughter and i love the different colors ! would highly recommend !
the crossbow part of the gun has nonthing to do with the function of the gun and is easily knocked off
great for entertainment adults and children love to see flying indoors unable to fly outside ! enjoy at christmas time mainly !
colour wonder products are a huge hit with kids these days . it helps my grandchildren to learn to colour within the lines . highly recommend !
this product fit the m & d easel . very easy to assemble , i would recommend for your litt ; e budding artist .
this is for when my girls come to visit . as i don't have xbox , my house is boring . this will do the trick .
i had these as gifts at our company picnic and the girls loved them ! i will definitely buy them again next year !
but probably takes two kids with great imaginations . my grandson hasn't taken them out of the box since christmas . maybe soon ?
it's a cute toy and good price . makes a good gift for hex bug kids without spending a small fortune .
great for teaching toddlers all the animal sounds . you pull the animal out and it makes the animals sound . love it !
i purchased this for my grandson and he is enjoying it very much . such a wonderful use of modern technology to help kids learn .
very cute toy for our granddaughter . still playing with it after a month and that's saying some thing ! arrived fast .
this is just a given . i have to have him watching over us just in case any walkers come by ;)
for children's binoculars , these are very well made . they magnify quite a bit and are a good size for a child's face .
my grand daughter loves toy story ! she wanted a jessie doll to add to her sheriff woody and buzz dolls .
very cute and our great grandson loves to play with it . very colorful . he plays with it all the time
i ordered this for my nephew along with many other ben 10 and the quality and really good . product is as advertised .
the boys love this ! works great-nice product , just what they wanted , happy nerf boys on christmas-good purchase for the price
we love this toy . i have 4 children and this has been played with for years . we just keep replacing the batteries !
im not biting this time . sony needs a better handheld and innovative games like the dsi . im tired of playing old playstation games .
the little trucks are fun to play with but they are not very tough . they break quickly but our grandson seems to keep them going anyway .
i have always loved snow white and the 7 dwarfs . they are cute and funny . i have seen the movie a few times .
the easter bunny stashed it in her easter basket and she had couldn't wait to pull it out and do ! beautiful little pic .
very good quality . would purchase again . we love melissa and doug . always stands up well to regular kid play . would recommend to a friend !
harvey has been a great addition to my grandson's collection ! all of the thomas products are of wonderful quality and very affordable !
my 4 and 5 - year-olds love this game . fun for adults too . not too flimsy for the little guys . great present to buy for others .
loved the product , it was in good condition . the price was fair , but can be cheaper . would love to get more when the price drops ...
not very interesting and bored very quickly . maybe for children this would be a helpful game but it didn't click for me .
love these nerf guns ! my toddler can pull the trigger to shoot her and dad and loves it !
amazon is selling this way over price . it sells for about $ 19.99 at target . otherwise it is a great musical gift for babys and toddlers .
my daughter loves this ! i love that it'll grow with her for years to come ! plenty of room to share when her friends come over to play .
my 8 yr old girl absolutely loves the password journal . resetting is easy , and they have a lot of fun with the voice recognition .
my son loves and is obsessed almost with the fire truck . you can unscrew the fire truck fromt he display and he likes to play with it .
granddaughter number two has had a great time with dora on her innotab . she particularly liked the ability to grow her own garden on this game program .
my little girl loved this ! she loves rocket and was so happy to have it . very well constructed and withstands a lot of playing .
what is not to love about this toy ? it is classic , it is colorful , and educational for your little one . i recommend it !
came in very quickly and was brand new just like advertised ... i would recommend this to anyone who has bought this toy for their children
i bought this to use as a cake topper for a groom's cake ... served the purpose perfectly ! everyone liked it .
hours of fun for my daughters : 3 & 7 years . so many stickers & scenes--reusable stickers are pretty durable & actually re-usable !
these dolls look a bit scary and they don't bend their legs . would look for something else ! we love kidkraft but this product just doesn't work .
good material . well made . nothing fancy ... just do it's job . bought it for my kids . i will recommend it definately .
my son really liked this " puzzle . " the quality is great and held up very well through all his of his roughness .
well made , detailed and still loved by kids . they are part of a series that kids love as much as when my kids were small .
great lego set ... daughter still loves legos i buy her a set every year for her to put together on christmas break ...
my daughter loves it ! we are doing it in parts which is awesome … and makes the item last a little longer .
my 5 year old nephew loves the game . can't get him off of it . definitely worth buying for a good price .
my daughter got this for christmas and absolutely loves it ! she has spent hours playing with the dolls . they are high quality dolls .
small chest . probably 21 by 6in . i could see it being fun for toddlers , but anyone past age 4 would probably be bored with it .
at disney these pins cost $ 5 to $ 10 each . here they are much cheaper and look brand new . well worth the price .
this is a good starter case for beyblades . seems to be very durable and holds my grandson's collection of beyblades .
target has this in their stores for $ 59.99 , still too expensive for what you are getting . high quality materials , just over priced .
sturdy and fun . i've contemplated buying more for my daycare . the kids love it and it's easy to personalize and add your own pictures .
i used this in speech with my students and they absolutely loved this game ! it was great for all ages !
i loved this game . its fun and interactive . he makes his own music video . creates his own story book . its a fun game all around .
these are great wooden toys . outlasted many drops and rough handling . sturdy and fun to play with in the kitchen . great product !
this bear is super soft and is perfect for a first teddy bear . it's a good size for babies / toddlers . gund always makes great products .
cheap , but there are a ton and my son just loves them . i mean he loves these things like nothing else .
my son can be a little rough but , this toy no longer works . it was just the first day and now , it won't move anymore .
kids are loving them . it is a good deal for all these bands . now i am typing to fill in more words .
i hate games you can't play with two people . it look alike it would be so much more fun than it is .
my grandson loves marvel characters so he was very happy with this item . my grandson has a very big collection for marvel action figures .
got this for my grandson , it is a lot of fun , him and his dad go outside in the yard and play with it .
pretty much worth the price . not real sturdy for kids older than three or four , but they do enjoy it on a hot summer day .
great for younger babies . the mushrooms flew away a lot . but it's super cute and fun for my little 5 mo old .
well , it is cute and my granddaughter will enjoy it . educational . she will , hopefully learn a lot from it .
we love the clawd wolf guy , and it's cheaper to buy this pack instead of buying him seperately.draculaura is a bonus too !
we bought this instead of running through batteries . charges well and we've had one over a year with no problems .
my three year old loves this ! it's exactly what you would expect for the money spent . good quality , and lots of fun for my son !
this is very simplistic and cheap but for the money it's good . my 6yr old loves it even though its cheesy looking .
my 4 - year boy loves to wear iron man costume and this repulsor is the perfect match . he is very happy !
another great purchase added to the rest of the wonderful thomas the train take-n-play sets . my grandson loves the talking trains so much !
bought this case so the grandkids can carry their my little ponys in it when they go to gram'shouse .
my son and daughter who are 3 and 1 love planing the harmony . it's a very good quality and makes great sound .
if you are a super hero fan these are loads of fun and a huge hit with the boys and girls
my granddaughter loves her 2013 barbie . she is a 9 and collects all barbies . it ' fun to watch her play with them .
these go with the little people disney song palace . there are various sets you can purchase , but i found these to be the better value .
this was a good more advanced lego fir my 9 year old . with some imagination he has adjusted it to look different .
my nephews love legos and this was the perfect gift for christmas . can't wait to see how happy they will be when they open it !
this stickers are just beautiful . these are small , ideal for toddlers rewards . the colors are brilliant . i would recommend it to all parents and teachers
my 13 month old twin girls love these ! ! ! they hold them up to their ears and talk ... precious ! definitely a great buy !
the cute lego bunny and hutch makes this set fun to have and it goes well with the other lego " friends " collector sets
this is perfect for my 2 children , ages 1 1/2 and 3 . it seems very safe and easy enough for them to operate on their own .
this is an adorable and well made outfit for an 18 " doll . the clothing from sophia's is afforable , and does not disappoint ,
fits perfect and allows for a better grip on the toy for my two year old son . great addition to a product he loves !
the package has a lot of variety of colors to create different bracelets . main problem is that you can find only 3 or 4 bands for some colors .
we have played this game weekly for months . even the adults enjoy it . uses math skills in a fun way .
the boys love it ... bought few more lego brand stuff to go with ... i hate having to write long reviews
these are a nice little toy . stimulating for the young mind . i have incorporated this into my engineering lesson plan .
my a child has enjoyed many learning hours with this toy and still continues to enjoy it to this day .
this case protects the leap pad very well . its easy to get into and has storage slots for cartridges ... one more word
this is a small box . love the spiderman though . kids love the legos and easy to build with adult help with our 5 year old .
another added piece to the collection of thomas the train for grandson . well made and as always those who love them will like this too .
nothing but plastic , the glove cannot be molded to fit a young boys hand , these gloves are not nice-didn't know they would be so under par .
on our second one , that is how much fun kids who love to write have with this . give it a try .
surprising good quality for a good price . it is fairly well made and sturdy enough for starting fires or reading the fine print .
this a pretty cheap set of food . this plastic and not made well , but does the job of play food .
these are well made appliances and are providing hours of fun for my grandkids . i am happy that i selected these over some of the other brands .
big hit with our granddaughter ! bowser is well made and very colorful . i see lots of fun play time with this toy !
i gave this to my granddaughter for christmas and she absolutely loves it ! she so enjoys arts and crafts at 5 years of age so this was perfect !
this product is nice and cute and it looks almost the same as its picture . i just wish it was slightly bigger .
arrive on time and well packaged . granddaughter will love to put them on her dolly cause they are so cute . thanks for great service .
my granddaughter is in love with these headbands . i really recommend them for every little girl ! she will be delighted !
challenging game . can be hard to see the laser lights hitting the targets , best to play in a darker room .
great toy my kids loves them . sorry i do not have time to write more.yes i would recomend it !
my kids use these a lot , but rarely the way the game is designed , they are always pla food ! they're very cute and durable !
great ! my son is really enjoying this set ! goes great with the other firehouse lego set we bought from amazon .
my grand daughter and i enjoy our time together doing things like this . she and i would recommend this for fun !
love this well made soft elmo . it was a great purchase and my grandson loves it . it came packaged well a and a great price .
got for grandson and he loves them . price was great compared with other places . it keeps him busy for hours . grand son is 9 years old
i bought this for my son who is 10 year old . he broke it in less than a few hours .
great quality and thick plastic . these will probably be used for years to come . would recommend to anyone wanting a long lasting set .
my grand daughter loves him ! as do my daughter and i who both love dragons .
these are very cute for in kids favor bags , the kids loved them at my sons birthday party , definitely recommend .
grand baby loved it . she has fun with the balls and pulling it around . likes the different sounds and learning .
price was fabuous and doll is super cute , was defintely a most requested doll brand this holiday season . i was very happy and so was my little cousin
works for what i need it for and for that i think it's worth the buy ! i would recommend it for all your model rocket needs !
i have not seen it in action but my 5 year old nephew was very excited when he opened it !
my soon super happy w luigui and mario and allit stuuf its a present for b day and really like hem .
i think that these are now the standard battery . cheap and adequate . they don't seem to last more than a year ...
very soft and bigger than i was imagining ... although i should have known since it says 15 ' ' in the title :)
however , it sucks up batteries like you wouldn't believe ! ! plus , the game / cartridges are hard to find , and very pricey ... beware ...
this doll looks great and because of all the accessories included my daughter spends a lot of time playing with it .
it's so cheap i was like what the heck , might as well buy it . i actually scared myself twice .
this is a very repetitive and not overly challenging build , but it does look cool once finished . it is much sturdier once built than expected .
memory game is updated version but still the same basic premise . kids of all ages love memory games and this is no exception . great fun for everyone
this actually kept the boys busy and quiet on a family trip ... thank you melissa & doug ...
they taste pretty bad but i didnt receive the one i bought on here so i went out and bought one and i regret it because they taste horrible
i am very happy with these dice . they are of good quality with no observable flaws . i would and have purchased additional sets .
i uses these during dear time ( quiet reading ) ssr . i hand them out to students i notice doing a good job being on task .
this baby is oh-so-real and what a beautiful little face ... we love it . perfect for the expectant sister-to-be---even comes with clothes ! perfect ! highly recommended .
i bought this dragon figurine as an accessory for a costume . good size , a little bigger than a normal hand , nice colors and details .
i havent really start using it . but hope it can serve me well . as i saw alot of gd reviews on it .
my daughter was sooooo thrilled when she opened this doll christmas morning that she was literally jumping for joy over it ! ! !
my toddler loves this game ! he is having so much fun learning his abcs ! who would have thought a kid would have this much fun !
send it to a nephew and he loved it . age 7 . he was very happy with the gift.good choice
grandson loves em - so do i cause the " washable " works so well :)
fun game ! ages should be set a little higher but overall we get a good giggle playing by our own rules .
got these for my four year old who is obsessed with angry birds-after several months he still loves and plays with these daily -
spielstabil has the greatest quality toys for kids . it is not chintzy at all - durable and works great . would purchase again .
this is a wonderful toy that will last for years ! it is made of wood and all pieces are of wood also !
wonderful toy and great use of magnets for teh imagination and for skills in building the pictures show . highly recommend for grands and kids .
this is the best colossus toy i have every seen he looks like he is ready to knock out the juggernaut lol
on my gosh did we have a lot of laughs over this item . and had to order another to stop a family feud .
my daughter desperately wanted tie dye rubber bands and these worked just fine . wish i had come up with this craze .
this was adorable . the whole family can play , yet it is gentle enough for a small child to play with .
these cars cost only $ 6.99 at your local toysrus . your prices are not fair . i will think twice before buying from you guys .
my 4 year old daughter loves the leapfrog tag and has loved all of the books so far , including this one .
my daughters love these . they are 4 and 5 and love lizards and snakes . lots of variety and some have opened mouths and those are the favorites
this is for a nephew and i'm sure he'll love it , he won't get it for a while longer though
it is an adorable product for my horse loving daughter , i just wish getting the horse to make all the sounds wasn't so difficult .
my grandson has really played hard with this one & it's held up perfectly despite his rough play . my grand daughter is determined to take it from him !
these look great and the kids loved the look of them . however , at least 1/3 of them broke immediately . i can't recommend them .
this is a strange little turtle pillow pet . it needs more stuffing - its pretty flat . regardless of that fact the kid still likes it .
my 3 year old loves carrying her case around . it's east for her to handle and holds her mobigo perfectly .
these cute little kitchen toys are well made and the best quality you will find . i have bought several and never once been disappointed .
you can't go wrong with legos / duplos ! i ordered these with another set for my twin grandsons . they will love them !
awesome game for all ages . great idea , great pictures , a lot of cards . nice family entertaining . very much recommend buying it .
this operetta doll was cheap at cost and if course its beautiful and i do recomend it to any one
my goddaughter loves this , and her older sister ( 5 ) play tea party together using this set . really cute and easy to clean .
5 star highly recommend the game educational and my granddaughter loves the games and played them over and over leap frog is a great company
just as advertised . my grand-daughter loves them and so does her mommy . they make play dinner with them all the time . they look real .
it's a stuffed mooshroom , what could be cuter if you're a minecraft fan ? good quality , small but not tiny . kids loved it .
cute doll ... not sure how it is going to hold up over time but my daughter loved it and she isn't a huge barbie fan .
i think we found tiny dinosaurs and raced them according to the rolls of the dice . it worked for basic math .
we really enjoy this game and the artwork in it is phenomenal . the game is a nice play and will hit the table often .
my 10 month old cant get enough of it . loves playing with the large wheels and pushing it around . i love that its large and soft .
these toys are great for kids who love to play in the sand . they stack for great clean up . great price and great item !
my two and four year old love playing grocery with these ! they are sturdy and provide hours of fun and entertainment !
as long as it squirts while he's here , wow ! it amplifies his imagination and is a costume part to put on .
this puzzle is great because the pieces are large and easy to see . this puzzle is great for my low vision students .
my grandsons love these toys . they are ages 8 and 6 . they are simple enough for them to transform , and play with them for hours .
my twins drove me crazy continually pushing these buttons , but at the age of 20mos , they both started singign the alphabet song . love it !
another mario game that my grandson enjoys ! it was a great christmas present for a young boy ! would recommend this game .
bought these for a 6 year old cousin for christmas . he was so excited and plays with them all the time .
my 6mo old grandson loves this book . he loves the music and rhymes . i would recommend this to everyone . i ordered 2 more .
my 2 - year-old daughter sees me carrying around my tools and quickly grabs her own set . she loved this at 1 too .
see white bunny slippers sized for an 18 inch doll for my review . the slippers and robe were purchased together .
don't want a mess use this ! my kids color everything . this eliminates that problem . it only works on the special paper .
one happy girl christmas morning ! melissa and doug never disappoint . the spill proof cups sold separately fit perfectly . can use multiple ways
its a scooby doo ty plain and simple . my son pulled the tag off quickly , but he loves his scooby .
probably my favorite zombie from the entire action figure series , after four series . i am glad that this one was included .
perfect for the little girl that is always to play that she is a big girl and use makeup like mom .
the kiddo loves it . nothing much to it but it is well made and can likely take the abuse that the kid will put it through .
this game is hard to play . there is no fun in trying to play a game that is too hard to play . enough said .
i bought these for my daughter . she loves minecraft and anything to do with minecraft . they were a good price and arrived very quickly .
this was a very small , small square , lost most of the pieces before he finished building it . i don't think a good buy for the price .
i was looking for an outdoor toy for my grandkids . this can be used inside or outside . the kids love it !
very bright and colorful puzzle . good price point , a lot of ages can put this together . nice box to store the pieces in .
bought this so we would not use so many batteries with my daughters snap circuit set and it works great .
i bought this for my nephew . i believe he enjoyed it . haha . i bought it wanting one for myself ! seems very cool and educational !
very good quality . a little difficult for a 4 yr old , but 7-10 yr olds can convert from vehicle to bot much easier .
definitely worth adding to your existing cards against humanity deck . it adds lots of replay value and plenty of laughs .
our grand kids are lego crazy . this , like every lego product is well built and a must if you have lego crazy kids or grand kids !
my five-year-old grandson has been fascinated by the process and thrilled with the results of this group of projects . we will be looking for more like this .
my grandkids love this sand ! ! ! it filled up their new sandbox nicely . we will buy more when we need it .
bought this for my four year old and it fits great and is super cute , even has little pockets for his paint brushes !
my six year old loves his dino . he doesn't play with many toys anymore , but this is definately one of his favorite !
the beanie boos are collected by my granddaughter , and now she has me interested in finding the ones she doesn't have on amaon .
mu son was and still is busy for hours on end - great kit for alternative energy and the whole snap circuit idea is great .
this is a very fun card game for those who enjoy such things . great for playing with children of various ages .
my six year old neice loved this gift . she could not wait to play with this present . easy to follow instructions and easy clean up .
i love amazon , this doll is really pretty and my daughter loves it . the dress is a light blue with sparkles , it is from mattell .
my son love this , back pack fits him great , the pieces stay together , he enjoys playing with caillou crew . great deal
my granddaughter is always looking fo challenging games and this gave her exactly what she was looking for and kept her busy
my 2 yr old love playing this airplane , putting the little people in and out of the airplane . fast shipping and not too expensive !
my 4 - year-old loves this game ! it keeps him occupied for hours and he enjoys figuring out how to place the pieces together .
love this cover . it has protected my sons leap pad from the many drops he has had so far ! ! would reccomend to any parent buyint it .
these figures have very nice details and vivid colors . they would be fun toys for younger kids or a nice addition to a knight and castle book .
thus occupied my 2 year old briefly , but not gap for long . also the wand falls out and it is now lost .
bought this for our granddaughter for christmas so she could learn about tools and their use . she immediately went to work attempting dismantle her other toys .
my 3 year old son loves it . the button make siren noises and the ladder extends . it also rolls on its own .
granddaughter wanted this for christmas-done ! 4 stars as i do not know how it will hold up over the long haul .
love this float , they last forever and are great on hot az days .
we love playing this on family game night . i played as a child and it's neat to pass this on to my son .
this is one of the best minifigures release to date . i love the cape , the bat and the face expresion with its fangs , it is really amazing
fantastic fun for little ones ( 3 years plus ) . great quality . quiet , tidy fun so good to take when visiting less child-friendly places .
the nets bend and break easily . but the game is really fun to play with the kids ! we enjoy it .
i bought these as cheap easter egg stuffers for my kids and was pleasantly surprised . there are 3 of each variety and they all stand up nicely .
this product was good but a little high . i recommend to all lego lovers and the service was fast . i recommend the purchase .
2 more month and he'll be climbing all over itlooks like a lot of fun and we don't have a real dog
i have even done parties in my house just to play this one with friends , girls and boys alike have fun and enjoy a good fight !
my 1 year old daughter loves this . she plays with it everyday . her sister is 5 and dances with her this is the best toy so far .
got this for my niece , but in truth if they had this when my kids where younger i would have purchased for them .
bought for christmas kids really into these dolls . nice quality , bye bye barbie . whoever thought this line of dolls up has a great imagination ...
these are cute whistles , great for gift bags and also for key chains . whistle actually works , im using these as mardi gras throws
pros : built in storage , nice elevation change , my son loves itcons : requires assembly with a drill , lots of stickers to apply ,
not perfect details on eyes but is ok . i put same color for icing on cupcakes . it looked cute . i will order again if needed ..
excellent ! our little one loved it he slept with it the first night and used it in many creative ways .
i bought this doll for my daughter's easter basket . she loves the frozen movie so she will love this doll .
it's a lot of fun for all ages . we spent hours playing with all the cool accessories . it was a big hit .
i purchased this item so i could at least have my daughter leappad charged . it compact and easy to setup .
the xylophone was enjoy by my grand-daughter but not her parents . it bring backs memories and i would would this item .
my little 15 month granddaughter loves these characters . she uses them as the bowling pins as they were intended and then takes them to sleep with her .
my 3 - year old daughter loves her bucky ship ! she plays with this daily and loves throwing captain hook overboard . highly recommend !
this was ordered to go with my collection of figures from the movie . the figures are great and a great likeness as well .
the fact that the device ( on which you tie your rubbers upon ) moves and rotates brings new options to creating bracelets , and my nieces loved it .
this product was exactly what we wanted for a super gift . we were very satisfied with the quality and it arrived on time .
months after receiving this , my 6 year old boy still has all the precious little pieces . he adores it ! wish it cost less , though .
grand daughter loves it ! ! would buy it again for sure ! it is easy to use for a three year old .
my son wanted a plain old ordinary rubber duck . this is it . right size , sturdy , easy to clean . the classic
the story behind this little gal is cute ! we haven't opened her yet , but knowing these dolls ... we will not be disappointed with quality !
my granddaughter was thrilled it worked out well for what she neededshe has a lot of dolls and needed this to keep things together
cute book and i love that it is aclassic my child can now enjoy . very easy to use with leapfrog pen .
these were smaller than expected but just right for my 3 year old grand daughter ! yes i would definitely recommend them !
we bought the leap frog tag early reader book for our niece who likes beauty & the beast . she loves the book ! great price & good quality !
these are fun magnets for them to play with , both my boys ( 4 and 7 ) like it ! great price too .
who doesn't love these things ? ! they are a great price for a pack of 12 . keep the kids entertains at the pool .
the girls love these " monster " dolls . my daughter has a bunch of them .
my girl love it and always pushing his tommy and said oink , has a lot of phrases and the fabric is really soft .
i bought this for my 7 year old granddaughter and she loves it ! her eyes lit up in surprise and she's been enjoying decorating it since then !
my two year old granddaughter loves stringing the items and feels a great sense of accomplishment when she is done !
i got this for a 5 year old who wanted it and although it is cute is is pretty pricey for what it is .
this was a christmas present for my almost 4 year old grandson . he loves fire trucks , and this toy is a hit with him .
good quality stuffed toy . my daughter is a mario bros . fan , especially of princess daisy and princess peach . se loves this stuffed daisy .
unique looking bey and adds some color to the arena . works well and is becoming a favorite . bey arrived in good shape and was as described .
great for toddlers learning shapes , good for hand and eye coordination . also , it's very colorful and you can use this to teach colors .
was as stated and appears of decent quality . in fact , my son still has the item , even though it stays in his bed every night .
half of these broke just by putting them on my 2 year olds wrist , which shouldn't have happened . not made very well .
my daughter loves crafts , pets and horses - this is an awesome set and allows for many hours of creative play .
my daughter loves it . it looks fantastic and its easy to clean . easy to put together ! very impressed . very happy
my daugher loves to play with this . she writes and draws on it all day ! very educational and fun at the same time .
bought this for 5 year old girl . she loves them and says that was all she was wishing to get for christmas .
good for learning spanish ! ~ trying to learn spanish thought this would help and make it fun basically scrabble in another language ! ~
this was a christmas gift for my great granddaughter . i think it will be fine and work just fine . it looked just as advertised .
good outdoor toy . not too many pieces and everything fits in the golf bag for when it is put away .
this gift was purchased hoping it would go well with the skeleton and the vampire bat . i think the receiver was very happy !
we did this puzzle together several times so i know he loved it . it's thick and durable and fairly easy for a 3 year old .
i bought these dolls for my daughter . she loves them . she enjoyed playing with tem and all the others we have purchased .
my baby can old on to this teething product . we have bought others that do not measure up . this is our favorite !
my niece is very pleased with her gift , and she's always in her play kitchen cooking for her whole family .
my granddaughters love this they are 3 and 5 . perfect size for them . very well made .
my baby girl learn meanwhile she play , she love it , she love the monkey , and she love the dog , greeeeat
my son enjoys this game and often laughs along with the penguins . i would recommend this game and am glad we got it .
my daughter loves how soft and cute this is . now i am writing to fill in space . now i am writing to fill in space . ,
the littlest grandson loves playing with this set . the pieces are big enough for him to handle and the pictures on the pieces are great .
colors and amount were great ... i will be ordering more soon ! this rubber band bracelet making is soooo addictive , i'm hooked !
i did not read the detail very carefully and thought this was a larger building plate . lego is always great quality but i wish it was bigger .
it is a great addition to my daughter's set . the clothing and attention to detail is great ! she loves them .
my granddaughter really likes feeding her baby dolls with these doll bottles . she likes how it makes her dolls cry and drink with the sounds .
old is the best ! ! ! come even if you don , t know the real batman look him up on the net so much better
he loves to play with toy with his buzz a woody dolls and all the other characters from the toy story movie .
i bought this for my little boy over christmas and he absolutely loves it . it has his imagination working like crazy .
she so pretty and durable . buy this doll ! buy this doll ! a real treat for fans of valentine's day too !
all this expansion does is add two sets of meeples , so that you can play with up to six players . a " must " for us .
my 3 year old and 1 year old love this . they go back to it often and my younger son loves the roller coaster on top .
these are just like the little buckets of army men . my son loves them and plays with them a lot .
large , sturdy , cardboard puzzle . great for building with toddlers . you will have to build it on the floor as it gets quite large when completed .
this is a great gift for any little drummer . my child loves playing with the drum set and hearing the music / learning adds interest .
another beautiful action figure on dragon ball z toy line ! ! ! how can any dragon ball z fan missed this action figure !
this a neat toy but you need a lot of flat hard floor to have the most fun with it .
great gift ordered for my 2 year old son . he plays with this same set at grandmas so we decided to get him his own for at home .
bought this for my kids friends ... they all love these dolls and it's a great multi pack for a good price !
bought as props for a skit . everyoneloved these and had a great time . i thnk for a kid , they would be awesome !
these make a great toy for bathtime . unfortunately , they are poor quality & painting , though ... so not good for much more than that .
no complaints . good party favor toy . any kid who likes cars will play with it . not just junk like many typical party favors .
its a cute doll , i got it for my 17 month old and she likes it . the only problem is that the shoes keep falling off .
with the battery operated thomas , a lot more imaginative play seems to take place . my grandson makes up stories , talks with thomas , etc .
very cute set . kids love it . had to toss out the rubber worms though , very small and a choking hazard .
really cool lego set ! good for imaginary play . and cheap as i got from warehouse deals - everyone wins ! ! ' :-)
my son loves these ! they do work ! it is the angry birds go ones that don't ! these are awesome and loves playing with them !
fun gift for little ones .. dad hunts and grandson wants to .. he gets to use his own and enjoys them . everything i expected them to be .
great toy for my two young boys ! ! ! love it ! this guy is much larger than i expected . goes well with the castle .
this is one of my son's favorite games for his leapster 2 . he loves coloring , drawing , and creating pictures with this game .
these are fun for little ones to thread the extra long shoe lace through . great opportunity to learn about sewing and following the dotted pattern .
my son loves it . insists on sleeping with it instead of a teddy bear . need i say more ? - quality-easy to use-cute
i bought this for my nephew . he loved it and it quickly became one if his favorite lego projects . he refused to take it apart .
this app has been great at aiding my preschooler in her letter tracing , she's getting so much better at it !
i purchased several of the chuggingtons as christmas gifts for my 3.5 year old grandson . he loved all of them and the chuggington holder for them too .
these bristle blocks were requested by my daughter in law for our grandsons . great item for smaller and bigger hands .
i bought it for my six year old grandson who loved it & we loved playing with him as well . a game for the entire family .
my 4 yr . old grandson loves this work bench . it's pretty substantial and will last him a long time . worth the money and made very well .
the arms and legs don't bend . it doesn't seem to phase my child , however , it bugs me ! it's durable but i'm a bit disappointed .
furry boots look great with the furry coat . the doll looks great and the little girl is very pleased with it
my son and daughters had lots of fun with this hat and my son discovered it worked as a pretty good frisbie as well :o)
this action figure is a great size . not too small , not too big . my 5 year old loves it .
stella is a cute baby and was one granddaughters favorites forquite awhile . she treats her babies a little rough but plays withthem often .
we have a big backyardigan's fan at our house and this doll was a great gift . very pleased with the purchase !
bathroom fits nicely into the dollhouse . there are small parts , so keep the little ones away from this and other dollhouse furniture .
my grandson really enjoys playing with these . he is a year and a half and these fruits are very age appropriate for him . would recommend this toy .
looks exactly as picture shown and fits barbie dolls feet . i would definitely buy this item again if my daughters need more shoes for their barbie dolls .
lego star wars 10225 r2d2this series i intend to collect ! ! great set , have you will know ! ! discount when buying a good !
bought this for my 11 year old daughter - it's quite fun and the whole family enjoyed it . i would purchase this for a gift .
the quality of this fire truck is rock solid . my son loves it the light and sounds and well you guest it right the up and down ladder .
melissa & doug always are great quality products and used frequently by the kids ! i even passed it along once my children outgrew it .
i bought as a christmas gift for my four year old son . we do not play it very much , but it is a neat game .
these are cute , but don't get played with much at our house . although the kitchen in general does not get much play time .
my daughter asked me to purchase this for my grandson , its very easy for him to use and he enjoys it very much
very soft and like that it is hypo-allergenic for sleeping with . haven't had for too long though , so will update if we come across any problems .
nice but was not like then ones i use to get in the dine shop , , and they never did flyn right
not as sturdy as i expected it to be . but , then it did come with a barbie and a ken doll !
save's on the cost of batteries and my grand daughter is very good at putting it on it ! great buy ! ! !
bought these for my nephew , and he loves them . i don't think they actually magnify things , but they are a fun toy for pretend play .
adorable teaches kids safe cutting skills ! ! only problem is my 2 year old had lost half of them .
the kids love it . got it 4 my friends kids 4 xmas , its a load of fun ... moose butts in the fridge , heh .
really cute guys . who doesn't love sesame street ? perfect size for toddler hands . shipping was fast and the price was amazing .
as long as you are " artistically inclined " this mat is perfect for drawing out all the terrain you need for your encounters .
my grand son loves this item and chews on everything . it is easily placed on the stroller or car seat .
i purchased this for my granddaughter's loving family dollhouse . she has enjoyed playing with it . it is a nice addition to her dollhouse .
one of the best toys i have gotten my son . he plays with them all the time . money well spent
it is fun to play with and that is all but you wand more words this is not right at all
my granddaughter loves these and plays us a song every time she is in the tower . sp glad i got these for her and others to play with .
this is a great game and fun for hours . it's simple enough for beginners to pick up and advanced enough for hardcore people .
this is a great plate to use with legos and my son loves building on it . it is a good size plate too .
this is a camper that my grandson couldn't wait to get . he loves it . he goes camping every morning noon and night .
its good toy and helps teach motor skills - my three year old loves it.its wooden & very nicely built .
this lego building set had a lot of pieces with a lot possibilities . i bought this as a gift for my friends son who loved it .
i bought this as a gift for my grandson , he loves the magnetized train connections and the gatling gun . can never go wrong with legos with boys !
i got this for my grand babys and i cant wait to see them put it together , they are going to love it .
this product is a good concept but it needs more support . it pushes out the ropes of the swing . see picture .
my grand-daughter loved these ! ! she loves to cook ( play ) and hape mkes the best play food there is on the market .
kids couldn't wait to get this ball out of the box . it's the perfect size for my 7 yr old .
my son is seven - he loved this and was very excited to receive it as a surprise in the mail .
these light up and flash multiple colors ! they were a big hit at my 7 year olds birthday party ! ! all the kids loved them .
this was a christmas present for my great grand daughter . she loves these toys and this one will be a good teacher . well made .
we love all the klip-klop figures . lots of fun . would recommend them to everyone . thanks so much for this item .
this is cool once it is out together . my daughter watches the lights every night . i loved that little bugs came with this so it looks like fireflies
you can't have enough dice ever ! . i find the translucent dice to be far more aesthetically pleasing while role playing .
i was disappointed in this game . i purchased it as a christmas gift and it just isn't what i thought it would be .
my 25 month old loves these . he is a huge fan of hulk so he loves to wear these and do impressions . makes for an entertaining show .
it is way too expensive compared to its price . it is not very good , just okay . too small as for a laptop .
love it cause it is so cute , but was smaller then i thought it would be . my dog loves to watch it rock back and forth .
jams frequently and tears up bullets . pulling the cartridge box to reload is very difficult . this product is a waste of money .
we have this item for a long time and my daughter played with it a lot . it feels of good quality and i hope the paint is toxin free
seems like more bands than you actually get . i think they should have more colors and variety . not too great .
we like playing games , so i thought i'd try this one . it's ok . not a lot of fun with only 2 players .
my son loves this dinosaur . very cool looking , would recommend . fits in well with the papo dinosaurs he already had .
anything lego and star wars is always a hit ! everyone is happy ! waiting for the next occasion to buy other parts .
for the price , this is one of the coolest toys my kids own ... and it farts . what could be better ? !
this little collection of fairies is just adorable , and very colorful , too--any little girl would love to play with them !
i like this because it is small , easy to pack and you won't lose the marbles . we really enjoyed playing this game .
5 star , recommend this to anyone black bands alone are hard to find in my area . my grandchildren where happy when they got black bands for christmas ...
bought for grandson for christmas . he's been wanting this for some time ... loves castles . so he's getting the talon castle and accessories ...
this toy is very well made and durable . it has been played with a lot and was a great addition to the collection .
melissa and doug are the go-to vendors for large realistic stuffed animals that are reasonably priced . these are great items !
we are using these as goodie bags for my sons birthday next weekend , but we put one together yesterday to get a look and they are really cool .
some noticeable misprinting on his hair really kind of messes this one up for me . disappointed at the lack of quality control .
they are only sold in toys r us.you can still order them direcctly from the site there is no need to go thru a third party
its a beautiful toy ! ! my little girl loves it and so do we ! don't hesitate to buy it , its very nice !
great price . my son loves the kreo products that this one did not disappoint . easy to assemble . my 6 year old would recommend this .
excellent presentation , packaging . also as collector's item , highly detailed and adequate size . i recommend it for collectors of transformers from the movie .
got for my 3 year old great nephew to go with other thomas pieces . it is great and he loves it !
it came fast and is exactly what i thought it would be ! i have to say a great buy and fast !
much smaller than expected and doesn't really suck up anything . not too loud which is nice . my 2 year old loves it though .
these are a great size , fit into his hand just right . seem really durable and my nephew was very excited about them .
this is great for my 3 year old daughter . she especially loves the songs . and i can't help but love a toy that is also educational .
great product ! santa got this for my daughter for christmas and she loves them . they also come with really cute change of clothes .
both my 8 and 13 year old sons love this and i get in on it too sometimes . the puzzles are tricky and fun .
nice kit for my son , he built it and enjoyed it a lot . these are all great , and high quality kits .
my son has several different brachiosaurus ' but he loves this one the most . the size and attention to detail are classic papo .
four year old tested and approved . that is all i can really say . but seven more words are required ... so there .
i bought this item for my grandchild . order came on time and i am satisfied with this order i am sure he will love this .
i bought this for my daughter for christmas and she loves it . the doll is a good quality as far as toys go .
i used these to help store board game pieces , especially those that require drawing from a random pile or bag . good quality for the price !
we purchased these a accessories for a pirate-themed birthday party , and the kids had a great time with the tattoos .
got this for my 9 year old niece for christmas and she loves it . cute and fun little gift . would buy again .
this was another gift but appears to be high quality play set and should give lots of pretend time for kids .
the grand-daughters love these . it is easy for them to pick them out and i can purchase them for gifts . the webkinz animals are adorable !
we like this set because it not big spoon and fork . also we take this set in box for travel
my son loves his play kitchen and has a great time pointing out what each fruit is when we play and cook !
great way to keep all your barbies and her accessories together . easy to roll from room to room . also good to take along in the car .
daughter did not like it , it was huge and the protection from the sun was poor . i cannot recommend this product .
the bey was great it kept spin stealing with the rubber and it was great cause it came with a string launcher l
great for kids ! great in keeping kids occupied in tub & one is enough to keep your kids busy & occupied in tub .
my daughter got this for christmas and she loves it still . she and her brother play constantly with these things .
this is a great gun works gun and shoots far . i spray painted mine and it looks great ! ! ! i love it . get it
my baby loves this pc ! we put it on deck and every time we bring her to deck she runs to it .. !
my so loves it , great help when i try to feed my son , can use just one hand and a leg , quite loud
a family favorite ! everyone had such fun with this ! ! ages 7yrs - 65 yrs old ! ! easy and fun for everyone
these gloves broke after only a couple of uses . some of the colors light up on a few of the fingers ... guess you get what you pay for
this skirt was super cute on the elf . we surprised the kids one morning with . he wearing it and they were in awe .
my son is all that is boy . the shipping was very fast and the item was just as described , he is gonna be happy on christmas morning
i bought this because it was a good deal . put it away and gave it to my dd for easter .. gotta love a deal !
make sure to check your kids size before ordering . its a great helmet , great price . my son loves it for tball .
this is easily the favorite for my younger sister out of all the bubble guppy dolls . she loves bubble puppy .
didn't like it , several of the guns i purchased fell apart after a few hours of play , would not buy this product again , ever .
had to get this for our 9 month old . now he doesn't chew or drool all over the my husbands expensive remotes .
nice tool set--my 3 year old grandson loves it---just wished it came with a tool box not a big bulky bag that he cannot open himself
cute doll . my daughter loved giving her doll a bath while she got a bath . i like the wash away mess .
my grandkids and i built this , it is amazing and does not fall apart as much as some larger lego items .
one of our kids favorite games ! ! lots of laughs , perfect for family game night . and fun to watch the entanglement
great cheap stocking stuffer for the spy in your family ! not very sturdy but for this price it is plenty amusing !
i like this toy because it's durable and will entertain any baby . it's colorful , entertaining and fun to play with . i recommend this toy .
my daughter just emailed me that her new disney doc mcstuffins is her favorite toy for xmas . so grampa is a winner .
my 8 years old loves this tent ! the tent is well constructed . we have had it set up for 1 month now and there aren't any problems
this was a great addition for our grandkids . they liked the animals , noises and music and play with it regularly .
what is to say . it is a small box that my boys enjoy . for the price you can't beat it .
this item is great for children and adults alike . good for lego fans worldwide or hobbit fans as well . highly recommended .
she looks creepy and comes with tons of extras . i am very glad with this figure and would highly recommended to any fan .
bought this for perler beads . probably could have used some parchment but i like that these are cut to size .
my newphew loves this cash register . its solid and works great . his toddler sister is learning to count money too .
she's so pretty her skin is scaly the ring of snakes on her hair can be taken off but the back snakes are built into the headshe is unique
i got this for my son's birthday . he puts them in his tonka trucks and bulldozers . he loves scooby doo !
wonderful for the curious child that likes to build or see how things work . has lots of projects with simple instructions
love this set ! the doll is an added bonus ! awesome ! ! i would recommend this for any child or collector . yippee ! !
it is lego and that tells you all and especially being star wars . my grandson loves the lego star wars . always fun and can't go wrong .
my nephew loves lego's . the grandparents take the grandchildren camping in their motor home a lot so i had to get this for him . very cute !
the item was smaller than i anticipated , but its a cute sturdy toy . love the act it is recycled material !
ticket to ride was voted game of the year for a reason and the expansion is no exception . came in great condition .
i bought this as a gift and my niece loves it . if you have a puppy loving child in your life , this is a sure thing .
seems a little cheaply made but most of these type dolls do anymore . it was my daughters favorite birthday gift so that is what counts .
got this for my friend's 3 year-old daughter and she absolutely loved it . highly recommended for any doc mcstuffins fan .
educational toys are a favorite . these give the child a lead in the tough game of school and learning . they seem to catch on so rapidly .
the dino is so cute and the voice is so clear ... it is axactly what i wanted for my grandson
gag gift for my hubby from my daughter , got some laughs . cute gag gift ! worth the laughs ! silly silly silly
this is just like the real thing . its a beautiful little dress and very well made . can't beat the price on this one
bought this for some of my students at christmas . they really enjoyed playing this game . lots of laughter while playing it .
a pretty doll . smaller than barbie sized dolls by a bit . still fits barbie clothes . comes with asian princess dress . soft easy to brush hair .
my 9 year old granddaughter loved this . still enjoying and experimenting . i wanted something that would stimulate her imagination . it's working ! ! !
purchased this for our 8 year old niece . she claimed it to be the best gift she got for her birthday . the parents agreed
i bought this as a gift for a 10 year old girl , so i can't speak for it personally , but i heard it was cool .
the kids & mom both love these ! they're perfect for the pool & they don't hurt your arms like the plastic ones do . worth the money !
great product . better than i thought it would be . the little china girl is pretty awesome . grandaughter loves them all !
this is worth the money and happiness factor for kids birthday parties . my daughter wanted to keep it than give it away to her friends !
bought this for christmas for my husband and grandson to work on together . this is a quality toy and worth the price .
my son loves taking " dave " apart and finding out where everything goes . very educational and fun . i would highly recommend .
my daughter got it as a gift . she loves it and it is a good quality . she picked them out to go with another outfit .
we bought this for an american girl doll and it does a great job-it looks just like the one recommended for use in the ag store , but cheaper !
i would def reccomend this it was perfect my daughter loved it sooooo much . everything looked exactly like it should .
bought these inadvertently , but passed them along to my grand daughter's 1st grade class and they just loved them ! ! enough in here to share ! !
my grandchildren have enjoyed this very much . i would recommend this for young children . leapfrog toys make the best gifts .
these headphones are fantastic for kids . there's a volume control on them and they're extremely durable so even active or clumsy kids shouldn't be able to destroy them .
loved this ! bought for 2 year old . pegs make pieces easy to grab . not too many pieces so may be good for even younger children
these are too cute . i got them for my grandson and his friends at the beach . they are ages 4-7 . the size is perfect .
this take and play series gives such fun and is played with every day thomas and his friends are a firm favourite
my greatgrandson really loved this . he likes the animals and the vehicle too ! nice to have a non-electronic toy that he can play with creatively .
the only thing i don't really know is , the heli always fly to the left side when the remote control was in neutral position . anybody knows why ?
we gave my nephew the vtech turn and learn turtle for christmas and he loves it . he loves the songs and being able to turn the gears .
it's been holding up quite nicely and the dress is pretty . you can not put too much hair in the clips but that's understandable . great buy .
super cute , great quality , the details are great and even the littlest robot comes apart and my son loves these !
i know my grandson will love getting this for christmas - - its a lot bigger then i through it was going be .
a great product . it has given us hours and hours of fun and challenge . a truly worthwhile purchase for any family .
my kids ( 4 & 2 ) love this item . it's fun for them to open up like they are going to work . great buy ! ! !
the kids love these bath toys and they stick to the walls and bathtub well . and the bags are great to store other bath toys in too !
my 3 year-old loves all things thomas , and we were thrilled when we found this gordon ! excellent quality , as expected from thomas and friends .
given as a gift to a 4 year old girl - who liked them very much . this was a great christmas gift for a very special little girl .
i purchased this for my grandson who is 16 ... he loved it and now i know what to buy for his next gift ! !
this is a very realistic looking toy . my son does like to play with it because the tracks don't work very well .
are you an awful person that this is a fun to have expansion to increase the fin of a great game .
my daughter has so much fun with this doll . we have a lot of lalaloopsy dolls but this is her favorite !
christmas present for an 8 year old girl who absolutely loves it ! very cute , nice details , and doesn't overwhelm a small space
the car is a hit or miss if it works or not and it needs direct sunlight and it has to a be a clear sunny day
this is a great swing for the price . easy to hang and set up . has lasted for a year and in same condition .
3yro loves it . although pic looks frosty in color it is actually clear and the stars are raised . would highly recommend this product .
arrived on time , packaged well . we all remember the little people farm house , this toy is as a big a hit with the little ones .
this game is so popular with my kids ( 5 , 8 and 11 ) that they each had to have their own copy !
very colorful and bright . my son loves to play with these every time i bring them out . cannot go wrong with these
just so darn cute ! goes with the barn and the rest of the princesses . stores have very limited selections so this is a great find .
this is the cutest outfit , the jeans look worn and the cute little top with it's butterfly's is just adorable . the doll looks so cute in it .
this is a great product from melissa and doug . great quality and thick plastic . i know this will be used for years to come .
my grandson loved it ! he had it climbing over his furniture and was harassing the dogs with it ! great bday gift
a lot like the old pop-a-lot from the 70s ... kids like it , it males noise , it's fun and keeps them popping ! '
mellisa and doug are high quality products.excellant learning tools and durable.great sale and service you wont be let down.fast shipping great packaging.try them youll love them.thanx
these are awesome and nice quality . why spend a fortune on the more expensive magnetiles , when these are just as good ?
my daughter loves this she can put her zoobles in and close it up to store them ... .. .
gave this to a grandson and he just loves it . he said it goes well with his collections and this is his first steamie .
what can i say ? it's classic jenga with a better more stable tower building tool verses the flimsy plastic one that broke after a few uses and abuses .
very nice game and good quality product . nice color . i watched her play a game and they are age appropriate .
grandson does have a lot but someo f them i did not give to him jet until he gets out of school this year
these cars were perfect for the blu track 4ramp . added 5 more cars to his collection which he loved very much .
great lotr set . i only but the smaller sets now because my son mostly just wants the characters . decently priced for lego's .
this sits on my 11 & 13 year old boys dresser and they alternate changing the date each day . they say they enjoy it !
a very good selection of legos pieces . my grandsons are having a terrific time with all the extras ! you won't be disappointed !
neat little toy , my son liked the hammer , especially . could use more pieces that fit into eachother , like the side of the box .
this is a very , soft and cute monkey . i bought two as gifts and the kids love them . i may buy more .
this was a christmas present for my son . he loves it ! he plays with it all of the time . i would buy it again .
but a few of the bracelets had glue marks . most of the pack was fine . it is a perennial favorite with the kids .
got this on sale in a great buy - another classic tha little ones love . good quality and safe for toddlers .
my son just loves this and it is just as cute in person as the picture . if you have a child who loves kirby this is perfect
my mom got me addicted to these things , i have enjoyed the different designs . recommend to anyone who likes to color .
nothing to complain about ... this expansion offers great variety when mixed with the other cards in smash up , while remaining well-balanced !
i bought this as a gift so i haven't tried it but it did arrive quickly and it seems my grandson will enjoy them .
this doll is very pretty and elegant . she is a must have for any collection . her hair isn't as pretty as the picture , not curly .
these are great for the pool and bath tub . my son loves these . he even plays with them out of the water .
these are our favorite crayons . you definitely want washable . do not buy any other than washable , lol . love the size too .
this case has kept my nephew's mobigo item in one piece . it has great cushion and enough protection for any slip and fall accident .
i bought this for my grandaughter who loves to do crafty things . this was great for her to create her own books .
it's not a bad little bag , but it is cheaply made and won't hold up to wear and tear by mountain-dew-crazed maniacs .
it's been ok , but we need a little volume control . my children can't hear their leapsters , but it works pretty good in the portable dvd player .
my grandson loves this play-doh set . of course anything that involves cars 2 he enjoys . he gets hours of enjoyment from this toy set . great purchase .
this works well and it feels like writing with pencil . the only negative is that it requires a lot of one time use paper .
very cool piece . very colorful and authentic looking . very detailed and very durable.great price and who would not love this piece in their mythology collection !
bought this for my toddler grandson for christmas . he loves playing with it in the sandbox . very well made and will last for years .
very cheaply made would not buy again . the kids liked it but did not last very long ! would not buy !
this is a cute ken doll . he joined my granddaughters huge collection of dolls , and they loved him . worth the price .
i bought this for my husband as a christmas gift . i know he's going to love it ! ! i can't wait to give it to him ! !
i bought this products for my nephew . he absolutely loves it and plays with it for several hours . this item shipped super fast !
cute little baby toy . bought for my niece . it's small but works well and is easy for baby to tote around .
they are just ok and they do have them at the dollar store for less money but they are what i expected
i am building this with my son , it is so detailed and fun . takes hours of work but it has been a fun project for us .
my grandchildren love the baby doll and it is so cute . very small doll though . i would recommend this product .
this is very cute . my daughters like it . i wish they were a little more stiff in the body so they didn't flop all the time .
i bought this for my grandsons and they just love it . you just can't go wrong with cars and dinosaurs for little boys .
somehow i expected this to be a " wow " item . while i still love the critters , ii would suggest the deluxe nursery set .
my daughter , two and a half years old , who loves all things minnie mouse loved the bracelets . very cute and in bright , pretty colors .
i ordered this for my 3 and 6 year old and they love it play with it all the time
my four year old granddaughter loves strawberry shortcake . this gift gives her many , many hours of imiginary playfun . she loves it alot .
got these for my grandchild for her second birthday . the items are well made and will go great with the doll house . she will love it .
it's good for storing paper art - paintings and drawing . however , other crafts that are not flat and thin will not fit in there .
bath time much fun now with colored water ! ! ! , does not stain skin or tub … we love it , i'll totally recommend it
its looks same appears like the diseny movie , and finally my daughter has a complete colection of disney's pricess , and she's happy
my answer for ticket to ride expansion 1910 applies here , not there . sorry ! forbidden island is good , challenging , cooperative fun !
i really liked how this tag book reads ; it is different and more advanced than the other books leapfrog has put out .
kids love percy he is just like thomas is size and action . i believe he is same size percy works the same as the rest of the friends
what a cute set ! love calico critters ! so well made for kids to enjoy time after time ! ! love them ! thanks !
my son adores his " son " whom he has named " baby will " . i love the peekaboo eyes and that it is a little boy doll .
this seemed like a good toy . it is very educational . after about 2 weeks the sound stopped working . now it is not played with at all .
i loved seeing the expression on my grandson's face when he first saw little elmo . he is really enjoying it , especially the music .
the game was fun and my 4 year old enjoyed it . she liked to play a little rough , but so far it has held up .
gift for my godson for christmas . he is really into the beyblades . i got him a few but this one looks the most fun to me
my 5 year old niece loves her beanie boos . i would recommend for all kids . something small enough that they can cuddle and also take anywhere with them
i love that i have something to help teach about complete circuits and the kids can't stop playing with this !
it was the coolest thing for about 3 weeks got old fast , it isn't a big slide and can be used inside and out .
love this gift for my 6 year old granddaughter ! she spent lots of time with it and we all enjoyed playing it with her .
both my 5 year old and 3 year old love this game . they actually fight over the game ( which is both good and bad ) .
what can say it's a bruder , and they are awesome toys . my son loves that it actually works like a real garbage truck . a playroom favorite
this is pretty sturdy even though it's plastic . at least it was made in america . it adjusts ok but the little plastic adjustable part broke off easily .
this pixar car book has a great story , project undercover . kids enjoyed reading it since it has a story to it .
how can you go wrong with mickey , and fisher-price , together . if your little one likes mickey or motorcycles , this toy is a must .
very nice she loves ballerinas so this was perfect she is just 2 so she just sits and watches the ballerina !
very fun game . game is well thought out and the components are nice quality . i find that it get much more competitive the less players you have .
this beanbag is fantastic . at 6 " , it's just small enough for my 1 1/2 year old grandson to play with.he will love it . thank you
talking toby is a nice addition to the thomas train collection but my grandson gravitates to the battery operated ones more frequently
arrived as promised already assembled . my 8 year old loved it even before he knew that it could fly . cool sound effects . two thumbs up .
my 8 year old daughter isn't real interested in this game . hoping she will like it down the road , but not too sure .
maybe she is not as good at puzzles as other kids , but she had a difficult time putting this together .
wonderful cooperative game that really revolutionized the boardgame industry ! i cannot say enough how much i enjoyed this game ! fantastic .
it is a gift and my nephew loved it . she was expecting this a long time . she has a collection
this was a christmas present for one of my great nephews , all little boys enjoy building and tearing down things so this will be used over and over .
beanie baby is a lovely little it make a great decoration for the room it is washable and be taken anywhere
my grandson loves this toy . has lots of songs . he's learning his sounds and words . it's sturdy and easy to use
smaller than you'd think , but an ok fit for a 2-3 year old . very thin plastic , easily dented and a bit sharp on the edges .
this magic set is just perfect for my five year old grandson . he really likes playing with it . the surprises he shares with us are great .
this was a very nice set and reasonably priced . my niece seemed to love it ! good find for any mlp fan .
our five year old loves brio lumber loading wagon ! the lumber comes out and cranky lifts it up and puts it back accordingly . kids have fun for hours
my almost 3 year old loves this gun . he gets so excited when the darts fly across the room & stick to whatever it hits !
great for older girls and myself . i bought a few to collect ... lol
i remember this game from being a kid , and i purchased this one for children's hospital la . still as cute as ever !
christmas gift , this was the rage for this christmas , and the girls got one , they love them , soft , well made , and cute .
my granddaughters both wanted this ! every time we went to the store they had to play with the models ! they r going to flip christmas morning !
adorable , my daighter loves it for her doll house . it is as pictured and really could go with any doll house set imagine
my granddaughter absolutely loves this little tea set . i visited her recently and we aged with this everyday for the weeki was there
my grandson is a lego master :) this was the perfect gift to add to his collection . it's beautiful too
cute toy , pretty quiet compared to other similar toys , but i think it could use more balls for the little one to chase after
my kid loves it . for me is just too simple . but you can not ask more for that price . i recommend it .
really cute and sturdy . has lots of pieces for the price ; including several animals , farmer and tomatoes in a box .
got these for my nephew as a nice alternative to the girly colors more readily available . he likes them alot .
my grandson asked for this for his birthday because he loves mario and he is really enjoying it ! he was excited because it is a new release also .
very enjoyable . there is a stretcher and you can put a playmobil person on the stretcher . also included is a iv drip
love this cat or rather my grand daughter does . she likes to carry my cats around which they don't always enjoy , ziggy never complains .
this is a great way to keep my iphone from my great grandson's sticky hands . now we can both use our " phones " to call each other .
purchased this for a relative as a birthday gift . relative said the game is very enjoyable . shipping was great as always ( thanks to prime . )
this was a gift for my grandson , and now my little granddaughter loves playing with it and hearing the sounds from the different instruments .
this advent calendar is on sale right now at the fisher price website . i just ordered mine for $ 24 ! save some money !
i got for my 4 year old for christmas . it seemslike a cute fun andeducational toy . i think it will be used alot around our home .
i bought this for my 5 year old son . he loves it ! it came on time and was packaged well . thank you so much
i bought these for my skylanders cards and stickers . these fit perfectly and are well made . cards slide in from the top of individual pockets .
our son adores these little guys . nice quality though a bit small . they are holding up well in the tub .
my great nephew , however , didn't really care . he loves his matchbox cars , and he did get a helicopter which was a first for him .
this is a great gift for any world of warcraft player . this was a gift for my son and he loved it , so that's that ! !
my granddaughter loved this and it really is pretty when the lights sparkle . it made a very happy little girl .
every useful for fruit , dessert and finger food ! must have for only $ 3 compared to $ 7 at lo cal stores !
cute little pretend play toy that helps us discuss what is expected at the store . :) we also bought the other little people sets !
this is a fun simple toy . daughter really likes it . fun idea instead of paper dolls . sturdy and colorful . over and out .
we used this for our 4th grade project on pyramids - everyone thought it was so cool and wanted to know where we got it
gave this as a gift for christmas . wish you got more for the price , but lego's last forever and can be passed on kid to kid .
my grandson , 8 , really likes these bonicle toys . they are weird and have interchangeable parts . it was his fav christmas toy .
wonderful toy ! the 1 year old i bought this for loves it ! her mom says she plays on it all day .
this is a great toy for learning and having fun . kids don't even look at it as learning ! the food is good quality too .
great action figure for my 3.5 year old . he loves thor . this one is a little smaller , but he still loves it .
these are not very big , but they certainly function well and are extremely entertaining . don't expect them to last forever tho .
bought this for my daughters 1st birthday to decorate her high chair . was exactly how i expected by looking at the photos . very cute
i bought this for my 2 year old nephew for his easter basket , and he couldn't wait for it to hatch .
as always barbie keeps the attention of a little girl for hours . this was a gift for my niece who loves this and a great price too !
i know it's a bit violent for some but it was for older kids and they liked it a lot .
yes this toy does shut off too quick . i don't think that it is too loud though . but there really is nothing great about it at all !
not what i wanted . i was looking for the much smaller 1/144 scale pieces and these are about 1/48 . gave away to charity .
not much can be said that has already been said about cards against humanity . .. great laughs with every card selected .
again another great puzzle by ravernsburger . pieces fit perfectly and the picture is amazing . i found that one piece is missing but that's not an issue .
got them earlier than expected so now they're in their room making bracelets for their friends and themselves . thank you so much for sending them early .
my son loves this tag book , any tag product is great , i have no complaints except for making the memory bigger in the tag pen !
great set . bought it for birthday for a friends kid . but you can never go wrong with legos for b-day
bought these for an 8 year old that got the american doll for christmas she love it and will look into getting more
love them . gave them out as as a halloween treat last year .. at about 9cents per it was a great deal .
need to get the battle set when you order any hex bug . they are very well made and fun to watch .
my boys just love playing with these .. they are all ways in the back yard with them on ... no problem with the goggles so far ...
i am a preschool teacher , this will allow the children in a fun way to feel texture and also identify colors .
any thomas the train fan like my daughter will love millie .. great addition to the thomas collection . great colors ! peep peep !
great with the outfits i bought for my neices dolls for christmas . they are very cute and go on easy . buy from this company alot .
both my kids loved this angry bird as its their first girl angry bird , its a princess & its from star wars version .
my nephew just loves this set . he loves anything and everything star trek . i like how this item was packaged and easy for travel .
this is an exceptionally well made wooden toy . it is made from solid wood ( not plan toy's new composite material ) . highly recommend !
i purchased this mixer for our preschool . the children enjoy playing with it . after several weeks , the mighty mixer has held up well .
my kids had this on their christmas list , so santa brought it for them . perfect pillow for napping in the car .
my daughter loves mulan and having a toddler doll is great , she loves playing with it.great toy for any toddler to have
tis item has held up really well and has been a great source of entertainment for 3 and 4 year olds !
i think they are strange but my kids love them so i would rather have them play with these dolls then some of the things kids do nowadays .
i bought this for my niece for christmas . she's in her 2nd year of ballet and she really loves this ballerina barbie .
the floating strips make these very easy to pickup from the bottom of the pool . the kids love them . great price too .
great companion to the original perplexus . my young grandsons and grown children all enjoyed it ! i'll by others like this !
demi loves zoo animals & loves melissa & doug brand . will go great in the wire storage rack we purchased too !
i really like the bugs included in this set , but i was hoping they would have been a little larger .
the teacher just emailed me yesterday and said the kids are enjoying this cube ! she also said they renamed it after my son !
my son has a ton of castle stuff and this was a nice addition to his set ... he loved it
small and was super cheap , good for a party favor . the little ones like it so what can i say .
my son loves this puzzle set . he can do it all by himself and it is well made . all the pieces fit very nicely together .
usual kids gift . they love playing with it then move on to something else . kept them busy for a while and they did enjoy it .
my kids love this big eyed cat ! it comes as cute as the picture . it's durable and has a cute little smile !
bought this for my grandboys . they have the elf . so nice . now will have to store till next year . aplus
this is another winner for my granddaughter's american girl dolls . i think the price is excellent , and so is the quality .
what more needs to be said ? ! it's a minion ! my two year old laugh every time we play with this one .
got this for my little cousin and she has a great time using this , there are so many molds that can be used with this product .
our son is really into these trashies this year . this is one of his favorite christmas presents . it gets played with for hours .
needed clips , got clips ! these work perfect and were an inexpensive add-on item so was a no brainer ... always lose these clips ...
2yr old son loves his blocks and animals so this was awesome . all the animals are detailed well enough and we enjoy playing with em ... perfect .
great price for these , but one of the blades is crooked . not that it'll mess up her skating : ) .
i mean , he plays with dolls in his fricking 20 ' s ! ! ! and bratz suck , another thing .
my son is perplexed by pacifiers . we gave this to him on xmas eve and my wife and i laughed so hard we almost cried .
wedgits are just plain fun . the cards only add a challenging aspect to the wedgits . we really like the whole set at our house .
i bought this for my grandson . at 13 months old he at first was scared . but after a weekend he loves his pony .
because this was from the movie , the kids were thrilled with it and felt compelled to put it together right away . loved it .
soft , adorable at a great price . my 5 yr old specifically asked for a pink kitty , & this was the one !
grand-daughter loves to match the many different pictures and plays with it almost every day and she just turned 3 ! she calls it her matching game !
my 10 year old son simply adores creating all sorts of images with this item . hours of non ipad . iphone , electronic games !
well made and my 4 yr old enjoys playing with them . looks exactly like the characters in the movie / tv show .
got this for my daughter who had just turned 1 - it's a great way to work on learning farm animals .
a great hit on halloween for 3 boys aged 2-4 . they fit fingers great without falling off . had no issues with the lights or battery life .
bought this for out-of-state granddaughter who enjoys this type of activity . she loved it . my daughter reports that this gift was a big hit .
great for children to help settle them to sleep without using a night light . they are fascinated by the colors and stars on the ceiling .
our youngest grandchild got this for christmas and he hasn't put it down yet and we haven't seen him either . must be still talking .
granddaughter just loved this , played with her youngest brothers with the youngest understanding easily how to play and wanted to help with machine
for the money i think this is pretty well built , attractive furniture . it looks really nice in my dollhouse dining room .
two trucks for the price of one ! they are of decent construction , great for the sandbox . my little girl loves them .
purchased two of these for grandkid's . great learning tool forthe young . not only shows the words , sounds it out too.kid ' s love it .
sound broke in a day , what am i going to do , too much energy to ship back . looks cool on a shelf , that's about it .
my daughter was thrilled with this little dog . it is very small but makes a great gift . stands on its own too :)
purchased this for grandchild . he loves it and spends hours on it . educational as well as fun . thanks for delivering a great product and service .
my husband plays with this the most . keeps a good long charge & the cage keeps it from being damaged from crashes .
this batmoble is huge ~ ! ! ! i love it ~ ! everything i could ever want ~ ! i highly recommend this product ! ! !
i haven't opened it yet ( christmas present ) but the reviews are good so i am hoping for similar satisfaction . i
you will enjoy hours of tea time and small snacks with your child ! items are sturdy , good for the price , and wonderful for imagination time play .
i had seen this one in the store and the online pics don't do her justice , she is really pretty !
this is a great product to help teach your little ones what sounds letters make . my son even sings the song while he is playing with other toys .
my one year-old son likes to push things around so we got him this . he pushes it around the house all of the time .
this and the silver t-rex were hot items for the grandkids last christmas . they love them . hours of fun and they have been sturdy .
i really like that when my son it playing and start turning pages it reads which they had some more pages doe
this is a great pack of bands . vibrant colors . could be a little tighter , though . but still worth adding to your rubber band collection .
my 2.5 year old granddaughter was luke warm to the doll . she played with it some but not a favorite .
we loved this item , my son really likes sock monkeys right and this was a perfect item for his stocking
this game is our traveling game . it is so porable and my eight year old loves it . it is somewhat like farkle . very easy to learn .
love the colors . this can be used for a variety of dice games . no issues rolling out of the oval cups .
my daughter loves penguins . these are a perfect size for her to carry wherever she wants to take them ! great product
i purchased two of these and absolutely love them . my baby grand children and i play with them hours on end . great teaching toy !
my son likes it but it really does not do much . i got it for a good price but i would never pay full price for this item .
cute letters and magnets are completely on the back of the letters . easy to grip and fun colors . great for toddlers
both of my granddaughters enjoyed this doll ! great for their bedtimes too . would love other soft dolls to choose from !
ravensburger = high quality . pieces are well made , the box is sturdy and could take a lot of beating from the kids . love them ! ! !
i expected this key chain to be silver , but it's this aged looking nickel metal . and it's a lot larger than i had anticipated .
my 18 month old son loves this toy . his grandmother bought this for his for christmas . it is real-life like and he loves it .
this is a really fun party game . makes everyone laugh and open up . it is really easy to learn and play .
he has so much fun playing with this & his extra ark animals . he plays with them in the ark & by themselves !
there a re several simialr experimetns kits on amazaon i have bought several my kids love them and its good to interest them in science
i bought this for my four year old grandson . he loves it . it was easy to put together and runs great .
love the furry coat and the fishing rod . my son will love it ! thankyou for a great piece lego !
love all the wooden food products from melissa and doug ... just wish the boxes were all uniform in size so they are easier to store
i forgot how many pieces are in that in the box it was a great product my son enjoyed putting the play together great quality as usual
this turns out os pretty if you like covered bridge i did it and gave to my best friend she loves it
i really like pillow pets , but the dolphin is a little misshaped , especially when he his strap is not attached . he is still very soft .
this was a huge hit ! looks just like glowing ore on the actual game . wish it was not battery operated though .
this was a nice set but was small for the money . lego sets are generally pricey but this one was especially small .
these balloons are great , the color is vibrant and they last several days . hardly any popped , and that was probably my fault .
my son loved his gift from santa , it's been a couple months and he still loves it , made really well .
i love these figurines and i am sure my autistic grand son will love them as well as they are very colorful and original looking .
the kids like it they want more and got to have itbut need more they go so fast . try it
my niece loves this . she plays with it all the time . she sings into it , and her friends dance in the background . too cute .
makes cool sounds . not much difference in sound between the two . beating on an oatmeal container or metal pan would be just as fun and cheaper !
decent quality for the price . it was a gift . would like one for myself ! and who doesn't love a minion !
anything that survives my son automatically receives 5 stars . his ironmen are all well loved and still holding up just fine .
i am a fan of anything lego and this set does not disappoint . just enough blocks to keep little hands busy
my daughter loved the swimsuit outfit ! it is even cuter than the photograph . fit was perfect and was a good value as well .
beautiful doll with great detail but there were scratches on her forehead and nose . her stockings were also a bit ripped .
the scribble area leaks air so when you write the letters do not show up good , she likes it but it doesn't work well .
lots of things to buy for loving family house . i think the other rooms were cuter but my grand daughter needed the accessories
got this for a friends son's birthday party and he loves them they are a perfect gift for any boy or girl for that matter
the is very awesome my daughter not only loves putting the pieces in and out also loves listening to it
this bird works fine and my brother loves flying it . it really doesnt do well in wind but its fun to fight that wind .
any my little pony lover will enjoy this . very soft and cute . will be buying more for my girls for their birthdays .
i got these to use on my son's birthday cake . we haven't actually used them yet so i'm not sure how they will hold up as toys .
both my girls love playing with this . it is holding up well . the pieces seem pretty well made and lots of pieces .
grand daughter loved this jake's talking telescope . she wears the head scarf all the time too . she is happy girl !
my grandson , who is one years old , love these balls . i bought all three . not only are they colorful they are durable .
my 4 year old granddaughter was tickled pink when she opened this on christmas morning . she said , i love bow and arrows . :-)
this is a great toy to teach letters and their sounds ! it also sings the alphabet . i am sure this is why my son knows it .
she had so much fun " selling " lemonade to the kids in the neighborhood . it is sturdy and was easy to put together .
these buckets have been all over my home and my kids love them . there great in the bathtub as well .
great wooden puzzle ! it has been very durable . my grandsons have played with this puzzle alot & have enjoyed it so much . recommend !
but they don't love for long , like anything else . sturdy and reusable for other kids though , which is nice . makes a great gift .
my grand sons are young yet but they both enjoy try beating the time on this small perfection game ! ! !
what a fun doll ! my daughter has been snapping pics of her little brother with barbie hair and glasses since christmas ! so much fun !
thought was rubber material as other gogo truck . remains unsatisfied to see that they were hard material as my son is small and often tossing
love this , we got this for christmas and what is nice it can be built onto with other train parts .
my grandsons love all the talking trains and james is no exception . very sturdy and loved to hear him talk !
my daughters love octonauts . they are 4.and 5 . they played with this constantly for months . nits a big favorite when web have other kids over .
slow shipping but i loved this game as a kid . cant wait to introduce it to my son
superman takes to the sky ! very thrilling product for kids to play with .
legos are always the best . high quality and educational for kids and grownups alike . great instructions and adds to their creativity skills .
my 3 year old daughter loves this and is having a blast checking out everything from ants to our toes .
its the same one we had growing up , and the babies still love it ! some things just don't need to change !
bought it to have at my house for the grandkids . they love to play with it . it was a big hit .
very disappointed in this product . everything is very cheaply made and i would not trust putting any samples in these containers . junk ! just buy the real thing
this little bag is awesome ! it holds a ton of trains and is really fun to unzip and play with the mat !
this guy is cute in the picture but even better in person . he just screams hug me ! ! this is one of my favorite stuffed animal purchases .
my 6 month old son is very entertained by this book . it does more than other electronic books i've seen .
is a good present if your kid love minnie , i do not like that is too hard to move the scooter with minnie she always fall
a bit smaller than i thought . i think it will be ok for my granddaughter and her ponies for a christmas gift this year .
my grandchildren love thomas and puzzles so this was a win win . they especially like that they can carry it around in the case .
my lil guy has so much fun and has learned the names of the animals . love learning toys , they are the best
my daughter loves these books . not a purchase you will regret . hours upon hours of entertainment , and easy to clean .
had i known this product was actually this small i would not have bought it . i would have saved my money for went with something else !
all of the thomas & friends wooden railway pieces are great , and james is no exception . definitely recommend for any thomas fan !
works great , turns nicely , decent size . this one is definitely a better quality than what i was seeing at my local hardware stores .
although these trains are cute my son prefers thomas and friends . they slide better in the wooben tracks a fit better.he even prefers thomas epidsodes over chuggington ..
so cute . pretty soft . my preschooler loves it . he also has the pig . great size - not too big or too small .
very much enjoy this game as there is a lot going on . it's intelligent , well thought out , and a lot of fun to play .
it's different , and for kids who like to build things , it's an interesting game . our 10 year old grandson seemed to take to it very well .
a gift for the kids , all is well , they where very pleased . they where happy , overjoyed , and i made points , okay
what toy can you buy for $ 15 shipped these days ? ? ? these are throw away toys that actually work at this price ... can't beat it .
doesn't hold the doll up ( ag 18 " ) . wasted my money.my daughter was very disappointed & frustrated as was i .
even when you keep the lid on the ink , it dries out pretty quickly . my kids thought they were just ok .
this little tikes push and ride is awesome . teaches the little ones walking , pushing and having lots of fun . a great walker . thank you .
my grandson is 7 years old . he loves the game . the whole family has played it and it is enjoyed by everyone . recommend it .
only downside is the official thomas ones are usually two sided , but honestly , i never use the " road " sides anyway .
i bought several puzzles this year for our great-granddaughter for christmas . melissa and doug make safe and fun toys for all ages .
my son loves this item . it's great for sharing and pretend play . the wood is a really nice change from plastic .
it isn't as active as the other games , but they love disney princess , so it is a great buy for a good price .
i bought a set for my niece . she loved it and so i bought one for my daughter for christmas .
great little kits . they look amazing once they are put together . the death star can be suspended by a string .
could be a little better constructed . legs kind of fall off ... but all in all a good toy ... and i think it will last .
not what i thought it would be at all and my 15 month old is not amused with it at all.the light is very dim also .
purchased for my six year old granddaughter . it's a bit smaller than i thought , but overall it's a decent coloring pad .
what can one say . it fits the device perfectly and it charged the device . it is well worth the purchase .
can't say much about the bubbles because it was just something that i bought to go along with the gift that needed the bubbles .
while i may not be able to draw teh mona lisa on this thing , the kids play with it for hours on end . great toy .
also have 2 outfits . very durable . shes got 4 spectras so the extra one come in handy . also washes well .
this was a great gift for my lego-loving son . this has opened a whole new door of building for him . i would highly recommend .
my little princess absolutely loves this show , so having the talking doll to match ? ? ? just a perfect fit :) great buy !
fisher price has always had good quality toys . my grand daughter is nuts about the princesses so this was the perfect toy .
great sculpt . looks like sam jackson . fits in perfect with my avengers set on their shelf . had to have this one , for sure .
again , this is a gift to go along with the american girl doll . the child loves to play school a lot so this is perfect .
this set is great . i like the storage crates , it keeps things tidy after play is complete . good value , good gift .
expensive , interesting because it magnified cool things , but after a week it sat unused on the floor for months . i wouldn't recommend buying this .
doesn't everyone have one of these in their office ? fun gag gift . seems pretty durable , especially for the price . kids also would really like it .
i don't think i have a high enough area for this to look and float easily . a cute idea for kids though .
very comfortable for both left and right-handed . good quality.my 3 years old uses for her paper-cutting exercises and so far she had no issues whatsoever .
my grandchildren get bored when the family visits and providing them with art supplies helps . it keeps them happy when the adults talk
this bullseye is better than expected ! he is wiggly woogly fun ! my girls love him and so do we ! one more word , there !
my 8yo daughter received this game for christmas and absolutely loves it . it's also a great game for traveling as well !
i bought these for my grand-daughters . they were nice but i worried about the latch . it didn't stay closed like i thought it should .
my daughter loves tinkerbell and loves to play this game . she was very excited to get it and has spent hours playing it .
got this for my husband who loves penguins and this one is really soft and so cute - he loves it
the cards are beautiful and fantastical . the scoring track is infantile . the game itself is about finding the balance between cryptic and obvious descriptions of the cards .
my grandson loves this and can play with it a long time . having the case keeps these parts together . i love this game
this monster high doll is really cute ! she makes a great addition to any girls monster high collection ! she's adorable !
cute candle but the train sounded off 1 time and that was it . maybe mine was a defect . still cute
my 3 year old loves , loves heatwave ! he was so excited to get him for christmas . i was recommend this product . easy to transform
this is a well made and fun toy for any young boy and i highly recommend it .
this is such a fun and interactive advent calendar - more creative and impressive than lego calendars and a better price !
this set increased the possibilities with my grandsons thomas tracks , these are more affordable than name brand but just as functional !
my son liks to eat the product and my husband keeps stepping on them . not sure how long they will last .
the box came with no instruction and no contact information . we didn't even have a net . had to purchase it separate .
these were purchased to go with the fisher-price wheelies loops ' n swoops amusement park . the kids in the church nursery love them .
works like a charm . son can watch a video without the leappad being so close to his eyes . very pleased and the price was great
if you do not own this game your missing out . if you don't have a dirty mind your really missing out .
a very nicely made doll.the clothing is sturdy and the doll is sturdy . a toy that is made to last years
my granddaughter who just turned 3 loves anything to do with alphie . love this product and no regrets getting them
my grandchildren love to play with transformers . in some points they are challenging , forcing kids to use their brains . i enjoy playing with transformers too .
toy has been out of the box for 1 hour ... leg broke offtail has unscrewed from the monkeygood idea poor execution !
was smaller than i anticipated and they do not fly . would not recommend this product if you expect it to fly .
grandson loves to draw and paint and was very excited to have.would recommend to all looking to purchase an easel
it was bought for a bday present for a 8 yo boy who loves star wars . he saw it and quoted an hour for completion !
my son loves this ogre ! imaginext makes great products and now we are going to purchase the castle that goes with this !
works great with the thomas railway i bougt my grandson he loves playing with captain along with his other thomas toys
this is a great alternative to video games . it comes with a booklet full of designs and the kids can design there own . 8 - 14 yrs
this is a nice piece for geeks . the mug and the laptop ( the grey thing-y is a laptop you can open ) make this piece .
hexbugs go crazy in their hive . they go around in circles , jump each other and are fun to watch in the hive .
she loves her drum ! awesome christmas present and much better than all the flashy technological stuff . i definitely recommend this .
i bought this for my 3 year old grandson and he love to play with this . he loves watching the cars race .
adorable little set . keep your eye out for price changes as this one fluctuates quite a bit . very cute for little girls ! !
my son is 2 he likes it i just wish it had more stuff to add to it but its a good toy over all
i was very pleasantly surprised by how well this doll was made and my daughter loves playing with it . i will definitely be buying more in the future
my two girls , one is four years , and the other fourteen months , play with this all the time . it is also holding up really well .
he played with it right away - it was a good quality as this brand always is . i will continue to order
bought this item for my granddaughter she was very happy with it ... item is great would purchase it again
fast shipping ! excellent quality ! great game ! makes a nice birthday gift or stocking stuffer . may purchase this again soon as it is priced well .
nothing special about this , just another barbie . the guitar belt broke within 10 minutes , but we taped it and my daughter likes it . ok product .
i was just waiting for fisher price to make some monkey's or chimps . something that my son loves is monkeys , chimps and gorillas .
my granddaughter loves the monster high dolls . i bought her this one for christmas.she loved it because it was a monster high doll and her favorite color pink .
took a moment to figure the correct order to load it . worked great after . kids rubber band ball is now 75 % smaller
kids love it , no rips after 1 time . the side that sprays the water doesn't want to stay up so the water goes on grass also .
this was purchased as a stocking stuffer for christmas . it's actually a very nice snoopy stuffed animal . it will look good sitting on a shelf .
yes i received the pet and had to request the strap and did get that but only by demanding it and my grandson does like it .
this is a christmas gift for our grandson . he loves planes and this is an addition to his other planes .
love this game . now even more fun with added cards . i would recommend this game for anyone that liks a risky game for adults only .
the boys got this for christmas & had it put together right away . they love lego's & they don't sit around in the box for long in this house
only one of them still works after a month . they are not made well and can be frustrating for kids as its hard to get them to stamp .
got this for my son for christmas , i thought it would be just a rehash of the previous at-rt but it was a nice redesign .
i got this for my grandson who is turning 5 yrs old this july . my daughter says that his friend has it and he loves it !
i bought these masks because he wanted this theme for his birthday but his changed his mind a week earlier . no worth returning them for the price .
exactly as described ! my daughter loves talking on the phone and this one keeps her occupied and keeps her off mine :)
we got this as a gift for our toddler-she loves it ! it's not the most sturdy thing ever , but good for the price .
bought this for my two year old for her birthday . she loves exploring with it out in the back yard . very sturdy product
this was purchased as a gift for my granddaughter . it is so cute and pieces made quite well . this will fit her generation doll .
terribly designed ; we couldn't even make it through one game before it broke . save your money and buy something of better quality instead .
my great grandson enjoys playing with his leap pad 2 and this is one of several games that he enjoys .
they are quite small , maybe 3-5 inches.but they make great party favors.you get a ton of them so can give out many in a party bag .
i purchased two of these for my little granddaughters and they love them . their mommies love them also . soft and easy to hold .
everyone should purchase this right away if you buy the mobi go gaming system . without it you will go through alot of batteries !
perfect christmas gift for my soon-to-be 5 year old granddaughter ! she has been asking for monster high dolls for months ! i particularly love the green hair !
great value ! i got this as a gift for my 7 year old niece's birthday and she just loved it !
my 3yr old and 6yr old are loving it . i love it cause for the most part it's out of the way . definitely was worth it .
bought this for my 9 year old . all she wanted was monster high stuff . she was very pleased with it .
can't fully rate this , as it's a christmas gift for my son . but i know he will be more than pleased with it ! !
these are great ! they allow the kids to make track designs and hold them together while they play.they are easy to put on and work wonderfully .
these are so much better than the " c-clips " that come with most of the loom bands . they are very secure .
granddaughter loved these additional darts for her crush blaster , the colors are bright and have a lot of a preteens favorite colors , hours of fun .
small pieces require small hands , good glasses , and patience . cool once it is assembles though . assembly definitely requires adult helpers .
i ordered the star wars battle of naboo for my grandson for christmas and he is a big lego fan so was happy to receive them
very good product , my nephews was very happy with that . very recommended , highly details . if you saw transformers this optimus prime it s very nice
there are plenty of letters . mine all struck nicely . better than he cheaper plastic ones . fives more words are required .
this game is a lot if fun to play with kids . just be prepared for closets & drawers to get ransacked in the process .
just what i thought it would be . something my 4 year old granddaughter wanted once i bought her the twilight sparkle build a bear pony !
this thing was huge , and winding it up for my 3 - year-old was a chore . construction was cheap . returning it for a refund .
perfect for the beach or in the yard .. wish it was plastic , but otherwise a great item.will get lots of use
this little mop was just what my 2 year old needed . she loves to " clean " the house and this helps her do it .
i don't know if i misread the listing , but we received like 10 sheets of animals ! 3 year old loves them .
got this when my daughter was 12 months & she's still playing with it at 21 months . great buy for us !
there is some educational value to this cartridge but not many games on it . still a good value for the money .
very hard to find ! a nice addition to my granddaughters collection . i would highly recommend it to any monster high collector ! exactly what i expected .
one of my daughters ' favorite toys . she loves pushing the button to listen to the songs and is constantly playing with the picnic items within the basket .
an awesome reproduction of a ship that appeared in the 3rd star trek movie and was later captained by hikaru sulu in star trek vi : the undiscovered country .
great price for this toy on amazon ... was more expensive everywhere i looked . for the kids who love cops and robbers
these were a great addition to my 3 year old's instrument box . he really enjoys them and they are not obnoxious .
i've always liked connect four and now my kids do too . this version is nicely built . it's definitely worth getting .
i bought these for my granddaughter . she started using them right away . they are the perfect instument for a creative 8 year old girl !
this game is amazing ! it is rude , innapropriate and yet such a great icebreaker ! it is our go-to game for get-togethers !
i love this glazer . it is amazing ! fantastic for finishing products with polymer clay or with beads . simply perfect if you know how to use it :)
my daughter really likes this toy but it comes with a tiny bubble dispenser and it didn't last very long so she got bored after the bubbles were gone .
very cute and a perfect match to the series . my little one is going to love waking up to this on christmas morning .
i got this for my granddaughters ( sierra & autumn ) . we had many hours of laugh's and fun . thank you milton bradley
my kids enjoy playing with these duplo blocks it works great for a young child that doesn't put toys in their mouth .
this thing is so relaxing and fun to look . i would recommend it to all kids . safe and pretty strong .
these are solid and very sturdy quality . my kids love playing with them . we bought them to hide in the sandbox .
this was ordered as a gift for our granddaughter for her 18 - inch dolls . it is just beautiful ! the quality is excellent .
this is a great toy . easy to put up and take down . my children and their friends enjoy playing with it . its a must have .
this figure is so adorable ! my favorite character on the show is rick so i had to get this little thing .
we have all the ninja turtle toys and our son love the imagination play it creates . well made and fun .
it hasn't gotten much use yet but it's a louisville slugger so im expecting it to hold up well and do the job :)
big and easy for little hands to hold . super colorful and sturdy , and the wooden box they come with for storage is great.great present and great price .
cute puzzle , only complaint would be is the g isn't shaped as a g and i wish the letter words were more suited for toddlers .
it's a part that does what it is meant to do . not much function beyond that . it didn't show up broken , so it get's 5 stars .
bought for my five year old grand daughter . probably wouldn't use it outside for a sleeping bag ( unless it was the summer ) but she loves it .
my daugher requested this for her 7th birthday . she started playing this game with her grandparents . very education and fun for the whole family .
great price , fast delivery . grandchildren requested it to go with other thomas products and loved it when they opened it for christmas .
would have been 5 star , but too pricey . i wanted and extra " boy " little people . they are a great addition for the castle
this is a fun game--we have played it with our 8 and 11 year old and they both love it .
the color job it's fantastic , the muscles detail it's great , the posture a little bit contradictory to the science ; but a good figure .
a necessity for a child to keep the game cartridges together . easy to pick up and take wherever . also good protection for theleappad .
fun game to kill some time with the family . my 2 year old loves playing it and is able to press the levers down on his own .
this puzzle is very fun for toddlers . my grandson loves it and loves to imitate the sounds . it's so cute when he makes the siren sound .
very fun wooden kitchen set ... my girls love making " cookies " in their new kid kraft kitchen ! great quality for the price !
it really does glow in the dark ! colors are vibrant , pieces fit together well and it is a challenge . would buy again !
a perfect addition to your haba or play food collection ! the fabric egg pops out of the shell when opened ! i wish haba made more like this !
my niece loves to pretend with this its great ! she plays with it in her kitchen just like baking a cake and loves to cut the slices .
this outfit fits the american dolls perfectly . the quality is good . i would say better than most but not the top of the line .
these smell like petroleum or some strong chemical . i'm returning them as i can't use them not knowing what is causing that strong odor . it's awful .
it came on time and it was the correct part . techntoys have always met all my expectations and they strive to do things the right way .
but my grandson really enjoys playing with them . at least they can also be put in water to play with in the tub .
of all the thomas and friends trains emily is a must to have . my grandchildren asked for her and now they have to take turns playing with her .
it balances well , but one of the wings came slightly cracked at the seam and i've been very careful with it because if it's dropped it may brake .
great ! ! very well made ! ! our 3 yr olds favorite toy ! ! he plays with this everyday . it gets tossed around and still works
this was a gift from my son to his friend . since his name is jack , i thought it would be appropriate .
enjoyed the new twist of this phase 10 game . we play at work during our lunch hour . a great investment as well .
can't wait to give this to my grandsons for their birthday . they look like fun !
just as intended . lights cover the ceiling . my 3 year old loves the dinosaur and i love that he lays still long enough to fall asleep .
very big truck . seems durable enough . not like the good old metal tonier trucks , but it's nice . kids love it .
i chose this rating because my granddaughter loves this dress-up set as much as she loves watching doc mcstuffins on tv !
got this for my great niece , she loves it ! very soft and great color !
i bought this for my classroom . it is very fun and also very challenging . the kids love it and it really makes them think .
worked great until it stopped working . we bought one of these charger packs around christmas and it stopped working 5 months later .
my grand-daughter loves pink sparkle stuff . she will love this to go with the pink dress i purchased . this will be fun .
i gave this fire truck to my grand son and he just loved it . he likes legs anyhow , so this was really fun for him .
cant say much since was delivered to my grandson in another state but i haven't gotten any complaints from him so i assume he is happy with it
pitiful . let's take cherries off a tree and put them in a basket . yup ... lame . only good thing is it teaches some colors .
we used this for a pool party and it worked great . the kids loved it and loved that it was a giant gator .
have bought these sets from hape before and i have no problems with quality , sturdiness great for kids ! would always recommend !
gave this as an early xmas gift to my 4 yr old granddaughter ; she has already played it and seems to enjoy it .
my son enjoyed this product . mom - well she wishes it had a mute button ! !
out of all the tmnt legos , this is the one my son liked best , and he got it . everything was as expected .
didn't realize when i bought this how amazing it really was ! it teaches coins , adding and subtracting . my child loves it !
my 5 year old grandson has had a great time with this , and it has been a nice complement to his other sets .
not something you will probally get much use out of . my baby has only played with it a few time . it does very little and is pretty boring
my grandson found this toy to be very interactive with anyone who would play . it has held up very well and it is ready for the second grandchild .
got this for my 14 month old grand daughter . she loves it and so far it is very sturdyand it's just right for little hands
got this for my nephew for an arts and crafts themed christmas gift . he loved it and wanted to start it right away !
our boys love the thomas wooden set and they last so long . cranky is no different . he still works well and the kids still enjoying using it .
my kids ages ( 3 and 5 ) love this toy - hasn't grown old yet . very well made and highly entertaining for jake fans !
we have not had the opportunity to play this with our grandson yet , but he loves playing it with his family .
my kid's teacher has these in class so i got some as well . super fun to just goof off with or to use on a whiteboard at home .
ordered two , only one came with the pyramid stand thing . and bags were ripped open when arrived.the birds weren't damaged though and the kids love them .
nice addition to my gandson's hot wheels collection . they are made well & have a lot of detail . yes i would recommend them !
perfect starter size and the bucket has room to add more sets to it . the granddaughters were having a blast christmas afternoon
my kids wanted these blankets so bad . the puppet part works great . made well . very cute . but the blanket part is so small .
this easily holds standard sized wood puzzles . makes it very easy to keep them organized and in one place ( finally ! )
my 3 year old received this for christmas ... with in an hour the wings were broken off ... did not hold up to a 3 year old ...
these are very small overall . and some of them dont fit together properly ( about 1/3 ) . will not buy these again ever .
fdor a lego children this was the absolute best gift and gave him many hours of fun . definitely loves this gift
love aaron's thinking putty , but this has the older metal magnet . disappointed in you , amazon . won't buy from you again .
pow ! bang ! whap ! these were a great addition to the swag bags for our three year old's super hero birthday party
despicable me 2 minion dave talking action figure ， product packaging is very good , looks very cute , i am very satisfied , thank you very much
these barbie collectors ' dolls are really as true to character as a doll of a real person could get . i love them all .
these haven't worked at well as i hoped . they seem to deflate quickly and i don't like where the seams touch your skin . it's a little uncomfortable .
nice , strong and very cheap . my kid like it a lot . we recomended for everyone . protect the console is the most important thing .
beautiful dresses but they have lots of threads and material hanging inside and are a bit snug for a barbie doll .
my daughter really loved play peek-a-boo game and trying to find certain farm animals . she had fun matching farm animals with their sound and their body .
my 8 yr old nephew love it and enjoyed the options of building it different ways . he put it together immediately .
keep's our twin's away from our dish remote . it is a little loud and they control the volume . not sure i like that feature .
my 1 year old had mastered the peg cutout puzzles but wasn't ready for a regular puzzle this was the perfect step up . got the horse one as well
after two weeks the battery would not hold a charge . get all your fun with this in two weeks then forget about it .
thought i would like this but alas the food is just too hard and unrealistic . ended up going with different manufacturer .
our grandson liked the flags for his party and he had enough to share with his friends . i wish they had been bigger but he didn't care .
my daughter loved this ! it beats the heck out of paint by number for so many reasons ! it's clean , simple , and fun !
they do have the white borders around them but you could trim them if that bothers you . my son who loves tractors also loves these decals .
this game is very fun for the whole family however ; the slider gets stuck and tries to deliver more game pieces than it should resulting in system jamming .
great stocking stuffer as little boys , and girls for that matter , love the pull back cars . i would recommend them .
while she is cute her outfit looks nice her hair is short and not the best material if you like her character get her otherwise pass
got this last christmas and still going strong . this toy has taken a beating and still works great and still played with . would def purchase again .
my grandson is really into these board games and he loved it ! ! i also got him the extension ! ! he has so many ! !
the 2 yo is constantly grandaddy watch , watch , and even the 5 yo plays with this . well worth my money
they look as if they are child-pleasing and once given to him i know he will be happy . i am anxious to see how well they hold up .
fun light for the kids . very bright and seems to be sturdy . perfect for outdoor . hoping they pass the test of the kids .
venus mcflytrap doll is very cute and the colors are very bright and pretty . granddaughter very happy to have her .
my granddaughter , who is 6 , enjoys her princess dolls.she will enjoy playing with this doll for several years . i would order this again .
this is going to be a really great activity when we travel with our five year old grandson this summer !
i received this item in a timely manner , in good condition and my two youngest grandkids started playing with it right away . good service !
my granddaughter loved it . the only drawback is there is not an off button . it takes a few minutes to shut off .
my daughter loves , loves , loves this game . she is 5 and this game is perfectly suited to her age-level .
my daughter loved this . no girl can ever have too many jewels . but it she played with it so much the cardboard ended up breaking apart .
are for christmas , so not yet open or play with , is much smaller than it appears , as a 2 or 3 years is perfect .
i was trying to find a good toy for a birthday gift for my 5 year old nephew . he plays with it everyday !
my 4 yearold grandson wont put it down . i bought another one for his older sister . can be used safely indoors and provides hours of fun !
flys great falls better . these are great little helis but the motor overloads now and then and it just fall from the sky omg
my granddaughter loves this game . it came on time and well packaged . this is one of her favorites and i would consider ordering others again .
recipient received this and is still playing with it ... quite a bathtub toy compared to the ones when i was a kid .
we used this for a game at a western party and the kids loved it . you can load up to five rubber bands and it shoots accurate .
this is a nice-looking , durable sword . it has the soft nerf foam , but still feels solid . a great sword for the price .
i have purchased 2 pieces of this . they are very nice and it can be given to boy or girl .
lots of fun bright colors . our kids love them , they draw all over the driveway . colors are bright and they wash away with water .
she is cute and fanshionable and the daughter of dracula to boot . great addition to the scaris set . drac would be proud .
i bought this for my 4 month old great niece and she loves this doll . she sleeps with it and has it with her everywhere she goes .
my daughter is 6 . santa brought it for her christmas . she likes the bubble guppies . i can't say anything bad about this toy .
i love the melissa and doug stuff . it is top quality and well worth the little extra money . the basket is metal and not just cheap plastic .
my daughter " needed " a bed for her toddler for her doll house , so this was a perfect fit ! she really enjoys it !
5 year old loves this . driving his parents nuts . great fun . perfect for young and old . he is helping the ninja turtles fight crime .
good price for a lot of bands . colors are pretty and they hold up very well . i have purchased some that break far more easily .
busy hand stay out of trouble / it fun for children to create things and this is something they can do by themselves and enjoy doing it .
i love monster high and i love everything about this doll . she is super cute and very stylish . i am very pleased .
bought this for my 2 year old nephew , and he really liked it ! seemed to keep him busy for awhile .
got these for my 3 year old . she loves them . lot's of things to create and varied pieces to make lots of things .
my granddaughter loves removing them from her fridge and freezer . i like that they are solid and will last forever .
our granddaughter loves all the critters . she has two sets of babies so they fit with the train . they are all great
my son has had a great time figuring out this game and doing different configurations . perfect for him and his sister at ages 6 and 4 .
it's hugegreat excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellenthnksarrived on time in perfect conditionsgreat toy
all of melissa and doug's products are well made , and awesome for kids . my daughter loves using them for her baby and her tea parties .
these don't last more than one glide before the wings break when it hits the ground . i wouldn't purchase again
this toy was a small box . for the price of $ 40 i expected something bigger or comparable to legos , but it wasn't .
bought for some of my students for christmas . it is like the game trouble , but appealing because of the dinosaur theme
my daughter loves this thing - kind of a pain to assemble , but the smiles made it worth wile . happy kids = happy dads .
i paid little so didn't expect much . fun at first but didn't take long before it broke . my daughter would loose interest in it quickly .
this is bigger and more durable than i had expected . easy to attach to our playground . the kids love it !
this expansion was just what the game needed . it made for all sorts of crazy fun ! these folks keep coming out with good stuff .
love these . they are darling and durable and provide tons of fun in the toy kitchen . the basket is great for clean up time too !
the kids played with these for two days after christmas and now they show no interest . not a long term toy .
this is not your normal , run f the mill game , and that's a good thing . i bought this for my grandson and he loves it !
the toy sounds like a vacuume . my 1 yr old held on me tight , and wond't go close to it herself .
it is too small for little kids to play so it is hard to put them back together and the quality is low and easy to break .
4 - year old grandson loves it . i can tell he'll need supervision , as it's pretty long and pointy , just what he wanted !
i was very satisfied with how quickly this toy arrived . it works great and has been played with a lot .
this is just okay . requires lots of batteries and my kids only like the dance function . not worth the money .
cute outfit . does fit my daughters ag dolls . thought they were on the thin side . other than that she love them .
purchased this for my youngest son . it provided hours of imaginary play for all five of my boys from ages 5-15 ! it was well worth every penny .
legos are great , just be careful as they do have small , small pieces so i don't recommend for under 4 years unless parent directly supervises .
amazingly , my kid actually likes the game and is learning some valuable lessons . it's easy to learn and more fun than monopoly .
we bought this for our 4 year old daughter and it's great . she is having so much fun and the ball return contraption is genius !
bought this after seeing in parents magazine . did not diappoint . my daughter loved it ! would not recommend until 3 though .
havent tried yet ... but hopefully these are better than the ones my boys had when they were younger ... those were a mess !
this is one of my more favorite rc helicopters to fly . i find it very easy to control and handles well .
, my son loves this car ! it's so easy to maneuver and quiet too . great purchase ! totally worth it and easily assembled !
it was big & perfect to cover the wall . it was great for a pic scene . should have layer out the night before to get the creases out
these are too cute . love the colors . match perfectly with my daughter's kidkraft pastel kitchen . cannot wait for her to open them christmas morning .
can only play this game a few times and then it gets old . it is better to make up your own game .
we love all the lego friends sets so what can i say ? it is a great little set in addition to the others .
educational fun ... she likes to make things that do something ... makes them think about other electronic devices ... i will be adding more to this toy
who does not like the lightning mcqueen die cast cars - boys and girls and 7 year olds love them too
well made and being enjoyed by our 2 year old grand daughter they seem as though they will last over time . no rough edges
base houses small pieces so i just have to toss the unit in the closet without worrying where the pieces went . fun for all ages .
this is as simple as it gets . it holds puzzles . no complaints . just make sure to measure your puzzles before you order .
my daughter got this for christmas and has played with it every day , its a fun and easy set that packs nicely to put away .
the colors on these are really nice . the best bowling set for kids we have owned . my grandosn loves them
fun toy for my kids , who have everything ! ! all three of my kids play with this cake .
we have purchased this kit for our daughter as well as our nieces , and all the girls loved watching the process . great product !
cute and fun little duckies . they ended up being not too duable when actually thrown in the water at bathtime or the pool .
kind of pricey , but worth it since it doesn't break or melt . good idea - wish it was carried in more stores instead of the weaker versions .
i love this mini puzzle . the size of the pieces , perfect . the bright colors , fantastic . the simplicity of the puzzle , amazing .
i love the quality and the look of this wooden toy . my day care kids also thought this was a fun toy
if you have an accident prone child , these are a wonder . they are easy to clean . paint and paint brushes go in and out nicely .
good quality , nice construction . i love the colors but it isn't as much fun to play as i was hoping it would be .
un set mas para la colección , realmente son muy bonitos , educativos y de excelente calidad , a mi hijo le encantan .
bought for my grand daughter who love pokemon and now is collecting all the cards she can get her hands on .
perfect gift for a 9 year old that loves legos more than life itself . helps if he is also a minecraft wizard !
my nephew was not very excited when he first opened it , but seemed to enjoy playing it with my daughters .
this is a good set for travelling or just to not have to worry about bumping and messing up the board .
and the 4 year old recipient was thrilled with it ! was extra special to her because she could personalize it herself .
played with friends and had a great time . not too overly intense so you can still hang and chat while you play it - great family game !
great addition to my piece . i love making her look like she floats . it is so fun . i think she is neat .
a lot of fun and came in handy for my son and the rest of his 11 year old friends came over to play
my grandson is going to love this . i would recommend it to others . what a fun summertime toy for boys or girls .
love this . the game is hilarious by itself and this expansion just adds more hilarity . it's very adult , so children should not be playing this .
the plush cat house is beautifully made and appeals to children between the ages of 3 - 7 . will definitely buy again .
excellent puzzle for 2-4 year olds . easily transportable , good for a quick , quiet activity on the go .
greeat figure . must have for the collection of tmnt . good paint work . take a licking and still looks good . my son loves it
these were bigger than i expected , colorful , and well built . my almost 2 year old grandson plays with them again and again .
great educational tool while having lots of fun . this purchase was a reasonable price , expediate delivery and a great gift to give a grandchild grandmothers.thanks ! !
these were very cute , and only lasted about a day , which is either really good or really bad depending on your point of view !
kids love playing kitchen . love that the kids can cut the pizza like grown ups . keeps them busy in their kitchen . would buy again
i bought this to keep my nephew happy at his brothers birthday party . he wasted no time in starting to color and shared with his brother too
these are exactly what you expect them to be , my daughter has a lot of fun making bracelets for everyone .
this jack in the box came to me unworking , had to return , would not close . would not recommend .
this doll is very cute and a doll the grandkids have been looking for and i was able to buy it at a good price .
i bought these to go with the " shittens " for my girls night grab bag party . they were hilarious and looks like a legit product .
this product is just what we were hoping for and will match my daughter's nemo doll . i just wish licensed disney stuff wasn't so expensive !
my grandson loved it , arrived on time , as described , reasonably priced , we love legos legos is a good coordination toy
couldnt believe how fun and powerful this tiny gun is ! be careful aiming at people though since it does actually hurt .
decent fun pens and a great value for the price . these were used as a party prize / favor for our tea party .
i bought this elmo for my 2 year old son . he loves it.it is soft , cuddly and just the right size .
nice simple puzzle , well made and has lasted over 6 months so far still in good " shape " . haha get it ? shape ! ?
this added the right amount so that 2 can play and not worry about anyone having more pieces than the other ! !
i bought this for my niece , and she loves it to death . so glad she liked it . it's like a magnet for her little hands .
with its hard plastic tires there really wasn't anything i could see in this tricycle to justify the premium price . no problems with it , but nothing special .
i love this train . i wish the popcorn popped while you drove but it doesn't . i like that it's attached to another train
my son loves ninja turtles so this is now one of his favorites ! he plays with it whenever he gets the chance !
my 4 year old daughter plays with this in and out of the tub . it was simple to put together and easy for her to use
but he hasn't gotten it out to draw since he made it . he is only 4 so maybe that is why .
i'd say the age range is 12 months to 3 yrssuppppppppppper educationalsuppppppper cutei luv , love , <3 it !
kids love playing with this in addition to their large bilibo . lots of counting , matching , flipping and sorting . i recommend this item .
my 1-1 / 2 y / o toddler has not seemed to be the least bit interested in this toy since the day she first received it .
perfect . my 8 year old loves it , and all things ninjago . awesome for when there's been enough screen time . what more can i say ?
dress was made well , much better than what i've seen in the stores . and the price was very reasonable . my granddaughter was so pleased .
my grandson loves music and any musical instrument . this was a hit , he plays with it all the time . has a good tone to it .
great sturdy case to carry the mobigo game in to protect it ! . very sturdy to help protect it ! i got a great price on this too !
i loved sea monkeys as a kid , and they are still fun . i have had good results with the kits from this company . i would recommend .
for a family that loves pizza this is a great addition to the espresso kitchen set . my 3 yr old feels very grown up making pizza for everyone .
boyght this along with the bavydoll . was the perfect gift . great quality and matched perfect for the babydoll . arrived prompt as usual
my daughter and her friends and cousins had a blast with their pirate booty haha . made my treasure chest set up a perfect scene . thanks so much .
these doll are a little " cheesy " for melissa and doug . not sure what i was expecting , but these are not m / d cute .
one of my grandson's favorite christmas presents . the fun has not worn off . stands up to a lot of hard play .
my son loves this , but it is very loud so if you are having a conversation amongst adults have your kids play away from the conversation :-)
best game ever . good expansion . some throw aways but the gems make it worth it . cheapest and most played game i have ever purchased .
cleo is very prety , un blue this dols is more fun , the close are very nice , lot of accesoiries , i like it
my daughter has played with these with and without barbie's . other kids also have loved playing with them . a great addition to our other farm animals
this was the perfect beginning for a little one . we've added more tracks and cars , tunnel and bridge , etc . , and he loves it .
he's plush , soft and huggable . just what my grandson loves . it was so cute watching him carry it around with it tucked under his arm .
this is on her list for christmas ! ! can't wait for her to open it ! ! grandma is on top of things !
very cute ! bought for my one year old daughter she absolutely loves them ! they go in the diaper bag every time we go out !
i gave it to my daughter for her birthday . simply beautiful ! ! ! my daughter loves it and takes it everywhere . nice dress .
both my kids ( a boy and a girl ages 7 and 10 ) love legos . i too would have loved this as a child . graet toy .
going soon to see my grandsons and can't wait to play in the pasture with them . great toy for country kids .
works well with the leappad 2 and is so cute ! my daughter looks adorable carrying this around . i wish her headphones fit , though .
great price for the quantity . colors were neon like described ( not like picture ) . used for parade throws and the kids loved them .
this is a fun game for both monopoly & world of warcraft fans alike . my husband received it for christmas and he loves it .
product was not quite the right size , but looked good.came in plenty of time , and well enjoyed by the kids .
my son is a typical boy who loves cars , trucks and trains . he loves these a lot and are a nice addition to his " collection " !
looks good for it's simplistic structure but it's a shame the price isn't more inline with the amount of pieces and the complexity of it .
we really loved this draculaura and out of all the outfits she looks the best . stunning lil doll . my niece loves her
this set is available at ross dress for less at only 17.99 ! i bought mine there and im sure glad i did !
with doll clothes you have to pay a fortune and get such poor quality at stores . this set was really cute and well made .
these are exactly as pictured , i bought them to accompany other duplo sets that i had bought and of course these work perfectly as building foundations .
i purchased this game for my grandson . we have a great time playing it . he loves anything that relates to scooby doo .
i liked that my 20 month old granddaughter found something to really interest her - and it is sturdy too
i really like the automoblox collection . this one is just like the others and is a good addition to our collection .
product arrived quickly and are as pictured / as expected . i would order similar items again for dress up . :) asdfasfasdf ad
this is such a great rocket ! super sturdy . can take a 2 year olds abuse . bright colors . and 2 little astronauts . so much fun !
out of all her playfood this is the best quality . everything is durable , strong and thick . none is that flimsy plastic that bends and breaks .
i bought these for my little gal , she loved them , so that means it was a good buy .
go aheead and buy one or two extra packs of game cards for rush hour . you child ( or you ) will want them quickly .
its ok , its just that the back stabilizer broke off . its good though . i like the colors . it's also diecast metal and plastic parts .
this is a fun family game ! we had to add a bit to the directions to make ths play more smooth but its entertaining !
the kids loved the masks at the birthday party these were so great ! and such great bright colors and they were comfortable for the kids to wear .. .
its excelent quality , adnd looks same equal to the movie , my daugther plays for long time while watch the movie in blue ray player
another rick grimes action figure is great ! i like the first one too , but i like his clothes in this one a little better .
takes time to set up for short play duration . if you do not mind the set up time , the game is fun for the children .
i like the fact that there is a girl and boy . it really helped my baby learn ears , nose and mouth . great product
it is a fun game . i am not sure how long it will hold up , though . the pieces chip black paint very easily .
kids love them . i love the value . great value for the price . this should keep the kids busy for quite a while .
my favorite lagoona yet . she is so neat in this one . her style and look are just really catching to ones eyes .
this toy my grandson enjoyed for a month . he liked it & that was ok w / me b / c you get your monies worth .
kept my baby quiet throughout the long road trip we just took ! who could ask for anything better ! i recommend it to all mommies out there !
a great quality toy and very cute and sturdy . this was a christmas gift for my 9 month old granddaughter .
we keep this in our living room for play . strange , i know that most people would set this up outside , but our son loves it .
these are fun and colorful ! gonna hang them from trees at my granddaughters b-day party ! they are really cool . love them !
little hands aren't always careful and i feel much better knowing the screen is less likely to be scratched with the protector sheet .
bought on sale for grand daughter . saved $ and the price was good for this doll . really pretty doll and outfit .
my grand son is at the cub scout age . that age for boys is all about jokes and tricks , he loves it !
my six year old daughter has an extensive collection of disney princesses and merida was an addition to that group . she is absolutely beautiful !
i got this for my baby when he was 18 months old . he loved it . it is super soft and cuddly . i highly recommend .
my daughter loves all the monster high dolls ! i feel they are worth the money spent and i'm very happy with my purchase .
my family is having a blast with this game ... we love it and have all parts and additions but one !
easy to load , handles nicely so my little gifter will be able to use this without any problem at all !
the eggs are wooden and beautiful .. perfect for the little girl or boy wanting to cook up some pretend breakfast thanks
great value . this set includes lots of goodies and they are all quality items . good stuff for preschoolers ! must have if you have the easel !
my daughter has gotten a lot of action out of this toy . it is fun by land and sea . simple but effective .
these doll are great love the outfits . just like we thought it would be . the service was great . happy with these two dolls .
better than buying the expensive batteries in the stores for our hex bugs who go through the batteries pretty fast ! we are happy with these
sooooooooo much fun to be able to play with big brother . three years old and having his own makes him feel like a big boy .
great game for my 4yr old daughter ! she loves playing it and can switch the games out on her own . very affordable also .
it is from tangled . my daughter love all the games and she is learning at the same time . you could not ask for more .
daughter loves this ! great to store all the dolls clothes and accessories and the bed is great too ! so glad we got it !
we have all four of the ninja turtles and my daughter loves to play with them . i would highly recommend these to any ninja turtle lover .
not what i expected , and the heat seal was missing . the figure was dangling in the box . not sure what has been going on with amazon's qa
my 4 month old granddaughter will grow into this and her parents thought it was a great gift . i have been happy with everything made by haba .
i love this game ! i recommend it to all my friends and bring it to all parties . the laughter that follows is just a give-in .
they were built to last just a year ... and they were priced accordingly so i felt like i got full value for my money .
this gift was purchased for another child's birthday party and i am sure that that little boy was very happy to receive it
it's ok , not very exciting . it's too advance for my 7yo daughter , so only me and hubby played it . unfortunately , we like scrabble better .
got for my 9 year old cousin , she loves them , wears to school and shares with her friends . great gift
played this at a party , it's mad libs for adults and its sick and fun . buy this if playing cards is boring ..
loved the video that was with this one . showed the designer and how they came up with the design for the car .
used as cake toppers for my daughter's second birthday . adorable cake and fun bath toys . anything gabba is a winner in our house . good quality .
i can only say that my grandson enjoyed putting these together and playing with them . they are sturdy and keep him occupied for hours .
my 3 yr old is so excited to play with this . he especially loves the screw gun and adapters , makes him feel like daddy .
my kids were not super impressed with this . they are 11 and 13 . they said the volcano is too tiny to do anything with too .
not as great as some of the other ones on the market . the bands keep slipping off the pegs making it very aggravating
they are more gummy feeling than i expected . they are very bright . really fun and silly to play with ! would purchase again .
big hit with my daughter ! ! :-) this is a really cute polly pocket set ! she has played with it for hours already ! !
my 7 year old daughter does well with this . makes pretty butterflies when it's complete . i would buy it again .
i'm pretty sure my 5 month old grand daughter will like this , but quite truthfully it's too soon to tell .
always played scrabble when i was young and now i can play with my grand children to teach them the game and have hours of fun with them .
the telegraph worked great with the electro magnet set up but the crystal radio didn't have enough of the right kind of wire to work .
my daughters love this doll ! they are great dolls that are played with a lot ! item as described and quick delivery ! great product !
i love the little lego extras . goes so great with the train set . hours of fun for the kids ! i like it too !
nice selection ordered for christmas did not know what assortment i would get but they all appear to cool race cars which my son will love .
my granddaughter loved this doll . she loved that doc talked / sang and that lamby was a part of the doll's set .
great detail . mcfarlane toys always outdoes themselves in their action figures . plus , if you have michone you gotta have her pets as well .
ok toy when you are on the go & need something fast to grab and take along with not having to worry batteries going out on you .
got this for granddaughters birthday . she loves to pretend and have a party . quality product and good price . it was a hit !
gotta say , it's aggravating that these cost more than a couple bucks . but jeez the recon cs - 6 they work with is just so dammmm funnn !
lambie is exactly as described and looks exactly as pictured . my daughter loves her . i'm happy to give her 5 stars !
my 6 yr old nephew loves these ! he got them for his birthday , so versatile and fun to play with . what a great find !
my son really enjoyed playing with this . i got it for him for christmas and we play it all the time .
this proved to be hours of entertainment for boys and girls . our 5 year old granddaughter likes it as much as our 8 year old grandson .
baby loves this and it will keep him interested for a while because it spans several different ability levels.awesome gift .
really good quality . fits american doll perfectly . colors are nice and bright . have not washed it yet , so i can't mention anything regarding that matter .
this arrived on time and in great condition . i ordered this for a 4 year old boy and he loves playing with it .
i was happy to find these after my daughter requested " smelly " markers for christmas . i had these exact ones when i was a kid !
fun game ! your friends will love it ! i plan on getting all the expansions for this game ! its a must for zombie fans !
this is an excellent gift idea and i gave to one of my friends . nice color and texture and infants will love it !
nice to fly fairly easy to control .. very short battery life and a long recharge time .. i do like the bigger chopters over the tiny ones
this is a christmas present for my 10 year old grand daughter who likes crafts and making things for her dolls
of all the engines this is the most favourite and means the blue quarry mystery can be re-enacted over and over again
bought this for xmas gift for my nephew he absolutely loved it and am looking forward to getting others for him
i bought 2 of these as a gift for my neighbor and niece and they loved them . i loved seeing the new headbands they created and wore everyday .
lego is good for female or mailes . it could be a little pricey so look around . i would use this seller again . it was a gift .
i purchaes two of these men for a gift . just like the fisher price adventure people of the 70 ' s and 80 ' s .
awesome , awesome , awesome . no other words can describe him ! i am a dragon lover and he is absolutely my favorite ! !
the kids love it ... spend hours playing in it . but the material could have been better made . i don't know how long it will hold .
funny . my son loves it . i'm anxious to see how long it takes for him to forget about it though .
this swing is cuter in person ! i bought this as a bday gift and her mom loved the swing ! a +
it works , it's attractive , and the girls like it . i would purchase this for them again . i'm a happy shopper .
my 2 year old and 4 year old love this set and it is played with often .
i got these to put in my son's birthday party goody bags . they were a huge hit ! very cute and did wash off pretty easily !
it got a couple of bubbles but were easy to press out . hopefully it will stay on the screen while the kids are playing with it .
great prize for the very little ones since most children love coloring . and i really like that there's a good variety .
we played this game at a family reunion with adults and kids ranging from elementary through hgh school . everyone enjoyed the game .
my two year old son loves this train ! it fits well with his brio / thomas track and he loves the animals .
my 18 month old loves this thing . it's well built and fun . kind of loud though , as to be expected for a toy with a hammer .
its a really fun game that is easy to setup and learn , and still has some depth of strategy to keep players interested .
we bought this for our 9 month old grandson ; he loves anything sesame street ! he really has a lot of fun with this toy !
for be a booster pack it does what it needs to . its a great pack , especially for those who have seen the youtube series .
this has been fun for both the one year old and two and a half year old . the puzzle is sturdy and colorful .
i purchased this puzzle for my granddaughter . she loves naming the animals and finding their shape on the board . great learning tool .
barbie needed a friend ... ken is handsome & shaves ... the shaving acccesories are great ... good price
i played trouble when i was little and i bought some for my classroom . love the game and the competition and strategy .
it was wonderful to see that it was in such great shape , and the child loved it . on time delivery also .
great for early learnings . children love it . parents love it becasue of having no mess to clean up . great product .
this is a childs size and a wonderful additon to the leap pad products . in additon , the colors are really pretty
bought this for four year old son for christmas . i think he will love it . can't wait for christmas to see him open it up .
this was $ 44 dollars a few days ago . shame on you amazon . i'm seeing more and more of this lately and shopping more and more elsewhere .
i gave three of these sets of play doh . the kids were so thrilled . made a great gift for all 3 ages .
the assembly was very easy and only took about 20 minutes ! this is a sturdy little scooter ! it is the perfect size !
what a great toy for kids who can't wind up a car . my grandson can work it and he is 18 months old .
if you like chuggington toys , you will like this little engine . it's for the wooden railway and works great ! grandson has a ball with it !
this fire truck set is great but beware that there is no magnet in the front of the fire truck .
our grandson loved this set since he's really into monster trucks at this time . he has played with it for a week straight .
we got this for our daughter when she was nearly two . her hands could easily grasp the pieces and they are very sturdy . it's perfect for her !
this dress is lovely and is the perfect princess dress ; a nice shade of lavender . it's easy to put on any 18 " doll .
the girls loved their color wonder pads . they were very excited to receive them and started coloring immediately upon receiving them .
another winning set from kreo.easy to assemble and lots of fun . i picked this up for my nephew and he loves it .
good product for kids . great colors and the quality is good . i recommend this for kids under 10 and shipping was fast
this is a game we are using with our church youth group and they are finding it a great entertainment !
our nephew loves the toys in this series . we got his this and he was very excited ! feel sturdy and made well !
very cute little toy . lots of things to do and my son uses the tools for everything else . he especially loves the drill .
it's ok for the price my only complaint is no floor but my daughter still play and like it that's what's matter .
my grandson loves this register and plays with it all the time like he is at the grocery store with his mom . great gift .
my girls love these dolls . they dance around the house with them singing the songs from the movie . would definitely recommend you purchase this doll .
the car resulted in much fun for my grandson ; however , the station was pretty much useless as he just used the sink to change the colors .
cute line of dolls , the two pack was a nice deal . i love that they are making boy dolls as well .
realistic veggies and box makes a puzzle . sturdy and durable , will last a long time . fun to play with every day
i am a day care provider and i bought these for the older girls in my day care . the kids really like it and it is fun
these don't fit full size barbies ; only the mini dolls of several brands ! don't buy these if you want them for the regular barbie dolls !
whenever you can get an expansion to small world , it's a good idea . also , you should buy small world if you don't already have it
this is not child toy only collectors it's to hard to transform for collectors only.its nice color to it a lot of the rotf toys are good
my son absolutely loves this and with as many times as it has been dropped surprisingly it still works great
rainbow loom bands arrived as expected . these are silver and were a hit with the kids - i have not seen silver in my local store .
i love playing with my 3 year old and have her create something special for us to eat . great melissa and doug product .
my grandson loves this doodle board . its great to take with in the car to keep him busy and quiet !
built good except part of the front bumper came off the very first time my grandson played with the truck .
this is a great nerf gun . it may look small but it packs a punch . it can be easily modified without taking it apart .
my 2 year old just loves this . itkeeps him quiet and entertained with minimal adult help for short periods of time .
i'm rating this toy a four until i see it holds up to my grandson christmas day ! it arrived on time and looks like a fun toy !
my students go through fuse beads like crazy , so it's very nice to be able to buy just the beads in bulk .
my daughter loves her mermaid sisters at bath time ! so far we have not experienced anything breaking off , or any discoloration .
great doll baby . not to big or small . soft torso . makes for great first doll . little mommy products are wonderful .
my 4 year old loves this doll house , but we can't find any of the funiture for it ? ? ?
i love the mobigo and it's software . my daughter enjoys playing it and learns while she plays . it is a win , win .
for this price this is an awesome deal . great detail and movement . love it . great for any real batman fan .
even if you are not a fan of the guild this make a great booster for munchkin . same backs as the original decks and interesting cards .
my cars crazy son loves this line of cars , and plays with them often , they're perfect for his three year old hands !
great product ! santa got this for my daughter for christmas and she loves it ! it's just as i remember it when i was a kid . .
this is the third doll my daughter got , and no problem ! it has a breakable arm , but it'll come back on . worth the money .
went over well with the kids on the treasure chest cake ~ cant believe i found some to make it even more memorable !
kids love it , they play it all the time ! my boys who range in age from 5-14 love to play it .
this is a great game , lots of fun for many different ages . get the family together and have some fun !
bought it for grandchild that is just turning one . she love it . its the basic baby toy every child should have !
this is an adorable gift for anyone who likes the game angry birds . it easily clips on to a backpack , purse or whatever you can think of !
my girls all love to make these bracelets and being able to order just the colors that they need has been great . thanks so much ! ! !
this slide is perfect for 20 months to up to 4 years.our granddaugter loves it as she can climb it herselfand slide down without help
my kids love this toy . the music and lights aren't too annoying , and it teaches cause and effect . it's also cute and durable .
this works well in conjunction with the cards . the talking dog pen seems to be good quality and my kids like all the different phrases it says .
fun toy , and a nice hand held size , that any kid 3 and up can enjoy . fun super hero character .
cutest stuffed animal ever . i happen to have a miniature schnauzer so i wuz surprised when i found a schnauzer stuffed animal on my recommendations
these little cars are a fun size and my son likes to put them into dis dump truck and drive them around the house .
they don't look cheap , they look great , the material is squishy , rubber . lights are great too . i received 12 , and 6 different colors .
operetta is a performer and i am glad she was included in the dance class line . love her hair and these are my favorite shoes of hers .
no it isn't like the old version but we are having fun with this . great gift idea
this is a present for my 10 year old grand daughter . i haven't played this myself , but it looked like a fun one
highly recommend this game for little kids . very cute and somewhat challenging ( even for adults ) . had a lot of fun on the road with it .
one of the best monster high dolls ever made . she is my daughter's favorites , and she is great design and beautiful .
i wish it played more than two songs i think it would hold my daughters attention longer but she does love carring it around and listening to her tunes .
my grandson loves his legos . he got several star wars sets for christmas since he is a big star wars fan .
well worth the price you pay . doesn't take up the space like the ones on the base . bought this for my grandson and he loves it
too slowson gets frustrated and loses interest.look online for other options.not happy with many cartridges sold.pricey too .
bought this for my grand daughter she loved them they are well made . my grand daughter now wants all of them
my grandaughter loved as well as her grammie.it is a great toy as well as educational.the sweet treats are square , circle and triangle .
my nephew loved this toy ! it came quickly and i was very pleased with the quality . very entertaining for little guys !
great , my son loves it , , , but there is only two way to play and i think he gets a little bored with it pretty quickly
nicely made , different sounds are made when you push the driver down . my two year old son really enjoys playing with this .
my granddaughter wanted a american girl doll for xmas but i brought this one for her it was do cute and she loved it
my kid likes to store his toys in this thing when we fly . i can't get him to use it like a messenger bag , but whatever .
bought this for my son , and he loves it . he's 10 . he likes that there are so many new things to be made in this edition .
bought this for my granddaughter who is almost 3 years old . she loves them critters and enjoys playing with them ! great quality and " as described " .
bought this for my grandson , and he loves it ... has put many hours on it
as described . great illustration and learning options . my son is 17 months and a little young for it but he does like to carry them around .
great product . challenging but fun . my family has all enjoyed playing with this . it's definitely a rubik's revolution . highly recommended .
everyone in my family has fun with these ! there are so many possibilities to build . i look forward to buying more !
the color and the shapes are great for little hands , plus having real wood as a texture in the play area is pretty nice too !
it's exactly what it said it would be . these are going to be a birthday craft and i can't wait to make these with my girls !
they are what i expected to be . i do think they are a little expensive for what they are . you are paying for the name .
this was a gift . it looks to be well made . my son thinks it is fun and maybe he will learn a thing or two .
purchased for my 4 yr old yr old nephew for xmas - he loves it . nice buy for his truck collection .
these are always a hit with my son . great to keep a few around for car trips , long appointments , etc .
dr . whooves is an excellent fellow ! the bad , his box was a bit smooshed on one corner but who cares ! he's excellent .
this toy is great , my son loves to play with it and he hasnt even seen the movie yet , is quite resistant
he hits the ball and enjoys playing with it . it seems well designed for children . it is durable and brightly colored .
love this figure ! box art is cool and figure looks good in the box ! c'mon ! the first batman ! ! ! what are out waiting for ?
my daughter loves this walker . she enjoys all of the different activities on the front and sides , and it is so pretty !
this poop is awesome ! nice to trick a guest or train a baby for potty :) - look what the teddy bear just did !
my daughter loved this plush , it was just what she wanted for christmas . she was very happy and excited to recieve this as a gift , perfect size
my 3 year old loves playing this game over and over again ! great game for the whole family ! love card stock quality
this is perfect for my kindergarteners . they don't need to read but yet get plenty of practice with letter names and basic shapes .
this toy is so well made and has become a favorite . a must if your little one likes to ' cook ' .
leap pad needed the power pack and you had it for a good price . now they won't have to keep chargingit .
very sturdy doll and clothing.the limbs move easily making the doll easy to dress and undress.this doll will last for years
i think i love this more than my daughter . the rubber bands run out quick . i would suggest anyone buying this also get extra bands .
this is a great improvement from the ceratosaurus that safari produce years ago . there is much more detail and realism . a great dinosaur to have .
cute but not much to it.never pay more than $ 5.00 for it.these small sets are in stores even on sale ! !
both my grandson and son-in-law got a kick out of these well made little cars . i would most definitely recommend them .
these seem to be even more expensive the other sets , but little girls seem to love them . they're all over my house .
our five year old loved getting this for christmas . cute addition to her dollhouse . frustrating packaging but seems well made . love that it comes with accessories .
any kid who likes shrek will like this mobigo game . my boy's play it all the time . they love it .
i thought there would be 2 in the order , but only 1 comes , which is little bummer . overall she still has fun with just one .
gift for my grandson , he's really into science right now . he really liked it , so i must say i recommend .
fun for using with young children to each them rhythm . they enjoy playing rhythm with these and i recommend them .
my kids love it . works great on our little tikes swing set . it's a perfect size an looks comfy of the kids .
my daughter got this for christmas and has been playing doctor with me and her stuffed animals and doll . she has had a lot of fun with this .
great expansion as with the others . looking forward to using it with friends at out next game night . fair price too .
this was my grandson's first doll . he loved it and so did his 2.5 year old cousin . age appropriate for a one year old .
great set ! she loves it and theres so much more different pieces than when i was a kid . pretty amazing what it has now really .
great coloring books with nice quality and decently detailed pictures . really trust melissa and doug products . i would buy these again !
we needed more than one bottle in our church nursery . this was a great place to find some to fill the need .
i got this as a present to my daughter and her dad . they both had a great time assembling it and it really goes .
decided to order this for my daughter for christmas it was delivered quickly . this doll is just absolutely adorable . i know my daughter will just love this !
of all the editions , europe is by far the best ! if you're going to choose one to buy , just buy the europe edition !
very cute , works well . nothing wrong . charges great in the sun light , well made not cheap would recommend to you
the " c - clips " are ok , but i prefer the metal or the " s " clips to these . " s " clips hold better .
the quality of the tinker toys us great . they won't break . also there are many creative things kids can build . would buy again .
my 6yr old son wanted a " cool " gun for christmas last year , and he loves this gun ! thanks nerf , another job well done ! !
it's cute and snuggly . my kids sit on it all the time even though they're too heavy for it . a great toy .
this was a birthday present for my daughter . she loves the equestria girls and this is really cute ! the no feet thing was weird at first !
my daughter loves this thing . she is 5 and her cousin who is 1 loves playing with it too . lightweight and easy to put away .
it's very cute - a little larger than i had imagined , but my one year old really likes it . i am pleased with my purchase .
without having played it , the changelings seem like they need some serious reworking .
seems to be made well and has been great little toy for my son . a little on the expensive side but then all angry birds are .
have never used this product , shipped to a 3rd party as a gift , description sounded like something school age kids would like , service good .
this is a great game and my daughter loves it - it has helped her with memory as well as recognizing her numbers . a must have for preschool .
this cute puppy makes it fun to learn . it's a great kearning tool for a young child to learn songs & body parts .
we already have one of the stella dolls and my baby loves them ! ! they are small and soft and she loves the binky
exactly what i expected . our daughter loves it . she wants to turn the lights off at night now so she can watch the lights on the ceiling .
this was a great deal to get a ton of play-doh , the kids definitely had fun using all of the colors on their creative tools .
amazing detail on these action figures . packaged very nicely and the box it comes in was with out damage . definitely worth the price paid for one
christmas present for grandchildren who enjoy playing board games . we will see who is the fastest player with this new game .
kids have fun doing these beautiful cards and then they've got cards they can give to family or friends . instructions were very good .
this family is cute and fits well with set . detail and quality are good . my daughter loves playing with them .
my daughters love the melissa and doug dress-up clothes , and the waitress outfit is no exception . very well-made and realistic .
wings don't match my blue syma 107 . other than that , parts seem ok . sevenore words required and i got nothing .
another great product . my 5.5 year old spends many rewarding ours completing the entire set and loves working on the photos
looks just like the one in the movie . isn't sharp or too long so it seems safe . graet for a four year old .
the kids just love these little books and they are easy for little hands to color . the pictures are adorable .
my son is a big hobbit fan and enjoyed putting this set together with his other hobbit / lord of rings sets .
better order one or two of these in advance - the motors that come with this ' copter do not last very long .
very good product ! all the children loves this toy ! i really recommend this ! . . . . . .  .
my grandsons really wanted them for his birthday , he said it was the bestest birthday gift , grandma did real good .
i use these bean bags , both as a teacher and as a grandmother . colors are bright and construction seems strong enough to last through lots of tosses .
love the concept and the final project looks great . however , - the glue does not hold the tissue very well . - pink color rubs off on fingers
my daughter really enjoys playing with this set . i will be buying more like it to add to the collection .
we used these as decorations for my daughter's birthday party and they looked really cute and colorful . i prefer the curvy disney fairies to the skinny disney princesses ;)
we play with hexbugs all the time so it's nice to have so many inexpensive replacement batteries . i will definitely buy again when run out .
i love it ! my little 2.5 daughter had great fun making puppets and even more fun playing with them . i would definitly recommend it to everyone !
this didn't come with many blocks . i feel like the top part needs more space to attach blocks . i would not buy this product again .
i love this product ! i've bought a few kits , extra glitter and extra stickers because my girls love them so much !
they were for goodie bags for my 6 year olds class . they are cute but i just wish they were a little bigger .
bought this for a friends nephew because he absolutely loves thomas he will love it i can tell right away
just the accessory we needed for the leappad 2 . cord is plenty long enough to reach to the back seat . okay !
this seemed a good size for little fingers and seems to work well for them . would likely buy them again .
my grandson loves these toys . perfect toys to put in his crabbie sandbox . i am sure he will have hours of fun this summer .
this was the third on of these that we bought . we use them for hours and hours . one of our favorites .
i got this for my sons 4th birthday and it was classic . he loves it and rides it all over . good make and very comfy for him .
can't wait to play with our toddler and help him learn names and match items . want to give him all the advantages we can in the world today .
good product - have everithing a little doc will need in case of emergency ... perfect to start .. ..
bought for my grandson to play with at my house . he is 2 years old and he loves fire engines . he has so much fun with it .
if you bought the stomp rocket , then you need extra arrows so they don't spend all their time hunting the arrows
i thought i'd finisheded with galaxies far far away , now i got to buy stuff for the nether world . oh well , the grandkids understand it .
my grandsons really got into this star wars thingy . i was truly surprised they liked and played with this for such a long time . great !
this little bear is too cute ! in particular , i was surprised with how soft it was . 5/5 will definitely be purchasing again for gifts ! !
is a great game that adults and kids can play together ! ! it takes more than two hours to finish a game
dominion is one of my families favorite games . we enjoy the new additions to the game ! they are so much fun . rio games are all amazing :)
good quality register ... kids love it and play with it often .. just bought the cafe tent for them to open a shop .
bought this for my son's easter basket . he hasn't seen it yet but i'm sure he will like it . good quality .
good quality . slightly small for big adult fingers , but we made them work . perfect for kid fingers . would make great party favors too .
lego technic tracked crane #9391 . this is a great gift for a 12 yr old who enjoys playing with legos .
this a great cheap alternative instead of buying a 4 year old an i touch . it is simple enough for her to understand
this was not what i expected . i was looking for something a bit more grown up . good for a younger kid .
bought this for my daughter and she loved it . very cute . easy to use . this does not come with batteries but that wasn't an issue .
grandson loved it ! it has a sticker book the child can use to earn stickers when they learn something about a planet .
my little boy loves to play this game ! i like it because it gives me a better idea of what words he needs help with !
who doesn't love legos ? this set is bright and colorful , however , for a pile of plastic , it is kind of expensive .
my kids hexbugs eat batteries like candy and the brand's batteries are outrageously priced . these work perfectly and were much cheaper .
i got this as a family game as we liked the original scattergories so much . it is fun to play and really has something for everyone .
these are just as great as i remember . my four year old son thinks these are the coolest markers because they smell . great purchase !
these crowns are perfect for what i need them for . i plan to add a rhinestone in the center so they shine a bite more .
this was a gift for a new grandaughter of mine she is too little to know whether she likes it or not she just chews on it .
what a hit ! all the horses and princes were a hit with my great-granddaughter . she loves them all . what a hit !
i bought this to take camping and the kids played with it everywhere ! it isn't soft like your typical nerf but easy for all ages to catch .
the lack of a lid on this makes storage difficult without losing some of the letters . overall it is ok .
after buying the police car , we knew his brother had to have the ambulance . state of the art medical help for the playmobil friends .
love the game . this explanation pack brings home the fun . hope there will be more to come . great addition to my game
i bought the dog and cat furreal walk'n friends for my nieces they love playing with them . great toy for all ages
i bought the rainbow looms for 2 granddaughters for christmas along with loads of bands and connectors . the tie dye colors are really cool ! !
these darts make for epic nerf wars . we have had a lot of fun with these . i would definitely buy them again .
it's not flimsy at all , that was what i was worried about . it's solid and i won't have to worry about parts breaking off .
i plan to order 4 of these for presents for the grandchildren as they are so good and you can even get down and draw with you child
creative play without the use of batteries or internet brought to you by fisher-price . sounds great to me and works well for my toddler !
you can get the first wave clawdeen , draculara , and frankie on the walmart site now.they have them in the warehouse
my four year old nephew loves his new toy . i may have to buy a set for each grandparents house . great gift .
we now have two of these little guys and they hold up well and are every bit as cute as the little cartoon version of dora's best friend .
this is the second one we've purchased , my sons loved it so much that it is now to go to gift for other curious bug catchers !
i added these harmonicas to my kids stockings at christmas . they are a big hit . price is right and the sound is really nice .
yes ! a writing / doodle solution for the still-teething toddler . this is terrific . going to be very handy for learning shapes and letters too .
the butterflies are pricey no matter where you get them . the actual house is fairly simple . expensive for what it is .
these shake and go cars are very cute---easy for a 2 year old to use and work well with little effort---bit noisy though
great for the pure enjoyment , memory skills as well . good quality product , long lasting and easy to store . easy for 2 yr olds
it's cheaply made and cracks . but it's relatively cheap at 50 per top . works when you need a bunch for party favors or whatnot .
my son enjoys this toy for hours at a time . we have playing with him . this is money well spent
your favorite girl will love this outfit with many pieces , to mix and match . well made item . lots of play value .
my grandson loves it . i thought it looked bigger in the picture , but that didn't seem to matter to him !
great independent activity ! my children love this . small parts so beware of that . my daughter likes trying to touch things aroudn the hosue :)
perfect for little people house , play set and every other set since you have to have a car ! ! doors open and close it is great
the product was in perfect condition all of the pieces were included nothing was missing it went together very easily it was age appropriate
fun , kids liked , ended up with an awesome card . good fine motor and visual perceptual activity . stickers on front and inside card .
just because of diego .. they love their gift . it is nice gesture when the kids are watching dora or diego ..
my little grandson loves , loves , trains , so this book was a winner for him to read . it made a nice christmas gift
it's a nice coloring book for toddlers . i just don't think it's worth the cost ; i wouldn't buy it again .
my son just loves this , he can't get enough . works very well on our refrigerator while i'm in the kitchen cooking .
i am glad i could actually find a doll that would break real easily . it's completely hard to get arms and legs to break off
even when fully filled with water the sides are wobbly and bend . really a poor product and kind of flimsy . returned .
my daughter loves this with her kitchen ! she is always making me supper ! good buy ! lots of different choices of food !
all of the thomas & friends wooden railway products are great , and emily is no exception . a great addition to the thomas collection !
well made and fun . my granddaughter put them in her grocery cart and toy kitchen fridge . just what i hoped for .
this has made a great toy for my 5yr old son who loves star wars . great quality and priced right thanks
the gift was for a girl and boy twin so they loved having nursery furniture that replicated them . likes playing with . recommend
fun little baby bottles . kinda of generic looking but functional for their what they where needed for . purchased for 2 year daughter for her babies
my granddaughter loved this one ! she was excited to have another character of the octonauts group . i would buy this one for any octonaut fan .
this can also be used for everyday play . it is super fun , even for grown-ups to enjoy.it is highly recommended .
i feel very pleased ... the product is really nice and have a good quality the two dolls are beutifull and the accesories as to .
my grandson loves anything to do with toy story so this was a hit . he is going on 4 and loves his duplo legos .
this is a good expansion for the base game . if you already enjoy 7 wonders , you should definitely get this expansion .
great for all young ages . sturdy and very well made . rolls super fast which makes is really fun . collecting them all .
i bought this as a gift for my son for his zombie party . this is part of his walking dead collection . great detail .
my son like those type of game and i prefer he plays with instead of be in the computer chatting with people i will recommend to parents thanks
he asked for this for christmas to go with all the small parts he has of star wars . good gift .
both of my daughters love this game . my 2 year old and my 4 year old play it ! ! super fun ! !
my grandson will love these on his wall . these are john deere tractor wall decals . i hope they are removable .
these emarkers worked fine for my grandchildren and seemed to last quite a while . no problems with them . good value for the money .
this is a great toy . my 10 year old loves it and so does my husband . it's easy to learn and somewhat addicting .
great product at a great price . there are so many of them ! my kids love them as do i . very pleased .
my granddaughter just loves this product and plays with it for hours . very well made for kids . i would recommend it .
i bought this for my 20 month old grandson . he lovedoll stroller #s9302pushing his stuffed animals around in it . good choice .
these are great for our niece and nephew to put on the frid and help them learn . they are what we were expecting
great to work on fine motor skills , developmental skills and for building muscles in the hands of your little one .
it was exactly what i expected ! nice wood , it's good enough for kids to play , and still not too expensive .
fisher price has found a way to market toys that inter-changeable . there are several wheelies set and all the cars work with any set
this was a christmas present for my grandchild so of course i spent many hours playing pretend tea party . great gift .
love frankie's outfit here - simple and like the hairstyle ! ! ill be looking forward to adding the others to my daughters collection ! !
she loves guppies and takes bubble puppy every where it is her favorite character out of them all a great toddler gift
these trucks are small , but then i knew they would be . you pull them back , and they really do work . my grandson loves them .
adds variety to the gameplay with the dungeons . some of the rules are pretty funny .
these are exactly as described and work fine . we haven't used them up yet as my daughter became frustrated making the pot holders .
purchased for my 2 and 3 year old neice and nephew . they loved it . great purchase . great value . :) :)
my daughter loved it . got it for her fifth birthday . she played for hours with her little sister . i recommend .
this set is destined to be an army builder for star wars fans . you get four minifigs and 4 new blasters
my son loves to color and too eat them if you dont watch out . these are a great deal and easy to clean up after .
works absolutely fantastic for the leap pad 2 . and is stylish . my 4yr old loves it ! pocket for games and the pad itself fits perfectly
ours came with no pretzels , but with salad dressing . would rather have had the pretzels . otherwise , good products .
my son loves legos , but i wanted to get him something else to build with that would challenge him . these are great and he loves them .
crayola is the only way to go - they are so washable that my heart does not go eek like it use too !
it looks great . my boys will enjoy many hours playing with this train . they love construction items and will enjoy this too . sounds are good too .
a little small but its really nice . no regrets on buying this . i would recommend this to a friend . nice .
our daughter loves these toys . once it goes on the ramp , the toy horse clip / clops down and makes our daughter laugh .
purchased for a 3 and 6 year old.great for teaching timing and coordination . they have fun trying different was to keep the beat .
my great granddaughter absolutely loves it . she was thrilled to have her princess bed and it made it easier for her to go to bed on her own .
this is the best best review i was waiting for meet the s . h figuarets cellhe come with thekamaha pice
kids love angry birds . was a great gift . sound was cool . just as advertised . good price . toy is well made .
enough to last a 9 year old a month so far . she is rough on this but they don't seem to break easily . she really likes them .
what a sweet and fun book for little ones ! built tough ( board-book ) for toddlers , and full of fun things !
i got this for my son for christmas . he likes it well enough . it's nothing super amazing though , just your typical nerf gun .
i think this is the smartest game system for the younger kids to interact and play on the t . v . sets
detailed , well-made dragon . good color . stands up well . a fun addition to my castle & knight adventure play sets for when the grandchildren come .
these are the foundation for all my 4 year old's creations are these plates . must have if your kid enjoys leggos .
i would order more ... good value for the price . granddaughters love the shoes and the styles . very satisfied with my purchase .
my 11 year old granddaughter really enjoyedhaving this little buddy to play with . she was absolutelythrilled and it was so soft .
9 year old grand daughter loves this set.anyone child who loves dogs and pretend play will enjoy this kit
bought to go with leap pad given to granddaughter for christmas gift . she loves using head phones ( so does her mom ) , especiallly on trips .
this beyblade is my grandson's favorite beyblade so i am thrilled i found it on amazon.com
my children love to " play school " and this is a great little set to encourage that . they have gotten many hours of fun out of it .
this is perfect for carrying water ... smaller sand toys and even seashells . love that it folds up too .. great addition to all his sand toys .
my kiddos love this toy . it's a bit complicated to get it from bumblebee to car , it takes a little practice without the instructions .
i put this in my coworkers office and it drove him crazy trying to figure out where it was coming from . i would absolutely recommend this !
well constructed clock that teaches time , shapes and colors . easy to help a child learn the little hand versus the big hand in an up close manner .
enough blocks to get your child to really experiment with different building strategies . fun for many ages even myself as an adult i enjoyed building beside my toddler .
granddaughter loves using these in her kitchen . pretty realistic.she is learning the names of foods , so these work well .
i really like that there is a place on the chart to store all the extra magnets . this chart is better for younger kids though i think .
garbage ! that is where mine is going ! this thing is a joke and this company should be bannished from the market !
this is a very nice play set . the grandkids love them . they make some pretty good meals and serve them to me all the time .
our 19 month old grandchild couldn't be parted with the one we keep in the house , so i sent it home with him and had to buy another .
got a mobigo for grandaughter as a gift for christmas . she loves minnie .. and she contantly is playing with it .
i'm a gardener and i know my nephew will love it . great concept to learn the vegetable and being able to do like the adult
my son loves that this puzzle makes noise . it makes him laugh everytime . great for a kid who is like a sponge to learning . great toy !
i was lucky enough to find a [ ... ] smaller set at a supermarket in vegas - my daughter loved them !
these are fun toys . they are a bit complicated for those under 4 , but they do figure them out with a bit of practice .
oh how my son is in love with this cement truck , very strong , great quality ... i have no regrets buying this
my son played with it for a lot of the time and love the games with it and he was happy with it
we've had this product for a couple years now and it has held up really well . it is very cute and even comfortable .
as all the schleich products , this product is well-one and quite beautiful , while being very durable . loved by my daughter .
this pinto cheval is so cute and beautiful :d i have the grey arabian , brown arabian , zebra , black stallion , etc .
this game is full of learning . just in time before the kids and went back to school after winter break .
both children love these ! ages 4 and 6 . no mess and the pages dry rather quickly . it's really amazing to watch them use this product .
these work really well i would guess we could easily get 100 feet out of it easy enough that once assembled 4-5 year olds can use it w no issues
my son loves bucket trucks because his daddy works in one . so this was the perfect toy for him and he absolutely loves it .
very nice sturdy materials . found it difficult to assemble . granddaughter loves it and it was worth it.thanks for the fast service .
this is a fun train and the handle is easy to turn to make the wheel go around . my grandchildren have a lot of fun with this !
my granddaughter loves sofia and wanted an amulet like hers . she loved the big necklace . it came with dead batteries glad i just happened to have extras .
cute accessory for calico critters playhouse . not too many small pieces which is great . small pieces tend to get lost with little ones playing with them
he loves ducks , so he really enjoyed playing with this toy . d ball
ball is very educational and fun . i bought too early , as my grandson never showed interest or started to play with until he turned about 15 months .
cute doll . it has several little sayings , but the bracelet that it comes with is doll sized not people sized .
these are our favorite little people that our son got for his birthday . cute as can be mini super hero
my daughter loves monster high dolls ! we went to toys r us and found him there . it was only 22.00 dollars for the 2 pack .
very fun speedy turtles . well designed and high quality . the balls are similar size to the haba ball track and can roll down the track .
super cute , super durable , and super fun ! great for little one's sensory exploration . i highly recommend trying out this product .
i bought this for my granddaughter's birthday , upon her request . she was very pleased with it . vibrant colors , well made .
bought for my granddaughter to play with sand table that we purchased from amazon . she loves it ! helps to make sand time fun .
i really enjoy this pillow pet : it's cute and it acts as both a pillow and a pet ! it is great !
my grandson loves these figures . he plays with them all the time . i gave them to him for christmas . i recommend them .
this truck is very nice and very tough . the little ones love to play with it and spend alot of time with it . the ladder works great .
who wouldn't want to be a mom for this cute little doll ? ? very sweet and cuddly . she makes me smile
my 3 year old got this and the recycling truck play doh toy for christmas . loves the recycling trunk but hasn't played with this one .
he loves this and plays outside for hours on end . they are safe and fun , i don't mind joining in for a little robin hood shenanigans !
this was inexpensive and so are the extra arrows , suction or nerf tip . great indoors or out since its durable .
my girl loves hello kitty and her leapster explorer so i win no matter what . find what your kids likes !
good for when he kids go to bed . jonah likes to make shadow puppets on the wall . and bella likes the light when she is scared .
my daughter loves this game . it challenges her to think and not just giving her the answers . great for problem solving .
this is a fantastic toy . every kid who has ever seen it has loved it . great for infants on up .
we are on the go alot so this feature was a neccessity for our grand daughter to use all the time .
this game is fun , like a dirty version of apples to apples . though after playing a few times the cards are getting a little old .
my sons loved putting it together ( not too hard but not too easy either ) and are constantly playing with it . what is not to like ?
at first i didn't think i would like him but he grew on me . easy to transform . can get good poses out of him .
on xmas day , he ate candy canes all along till his sister opened up this toy for him . :-) then he won't put them down
i bought for my grandson and it was well made and cheaper than in stores and it was in stock where in the stores it was sold out
great toy ... batteries can and will run into a lot of $ $ $ but it does come with an adapter hook up , just need to purchase separately
i thought the game was cute , but my two year old is petrified of it . he played it once and refuses to play it again .
not what my kids wanted . go figure . my kids love to vacuum but this wasn't good enough for them to play with
my kids are ten , eight & seven . they have loved playing this game . they caught on fast & we have had so much fun playing .
this is just a nice little set of cars f , but they are very cheaply made . i'm sure they will not last long .
fun game . fast moving and easy to catch on to . ages kindergarten to middle schoolers loved this game the container is a big plus !
my 18 - month old grandson loves the sand . it is impossible to describe this stuff ... no matter it is a perfect alternative to real sand .
my daughter loves this , and these will provide years of use . great gift and way for a little girl to bond with her baby dolls .
my 1 1/2 and 3 year old grandkids enjoy filling up the cart and pushing it around the house . it works for grocery shopping too .
these are the best quality fake food items i have gotten my children . i would buy this brand again . happy .
hours are spent in concentration and delight . perfect for adults and skilled children . the younger children lose interest more quickly .
i have all of these puzzles , they're great . i don't have any issues with the finish coming off and i've had 2 little boys chewing on them !
he is awesome and he's my son's 2nd favorite of the minifigures that we have . just watch those little pieces , they can hide anywhere .
arrived super quick and just as pictured ! good selection of colors and vibrant ! can't wait to use these this summer with my little guys !
a little expensive for what you get . the characters are good quality but not much to this toy . the kids love it .
my son loves this and it has some cool features like the flames that can turn up or turn down .
my grandson absolutely loves this laptop and carries it everywhere . an excellent contribution to his education . i would highly recommend vtech learning devices .
got this a a christmas gift for my goddaughter and she has not put it down ! she loves it and the fact that it lights up
great purchase and rugged helicopter i would recommend this product to all that want to learn to fly a 4 channel helicopter
great product . my little one love this and was a great birthday present !
this is perfect for quiet time and to learn the basics . good quality and good for both boys and girls .
love the melissa and doug wooden puzzles ... we also have the farm one and are happy with both ... great beginner puzzles for little hands
this is a gift for my nephew this christmas . he asked for it so i hope it is all he hoped for .
got this as a gift . and he loves it . i personally wish it was faster because there is no room for growth .
it was cute to finally see a princess alicorn twilight sparkle but they used the cadence band luna mold which was disappointing
this thing is fine . it is just not something to get very excited about . it is what it is . it is cheap but functional .
i have bought this phone several times for family members , and every time its a hit ! ! they love it every time .
it is such a cute train and the fact that it talks makes it even more excited for kids . i am glad i bought this for my child .
my grand daughter already has the inno tab v.reader , so this was a great buy for a carrying case for her .
great item . it really cuts down on kids boredom while traveling , and saves on the use of batteries . would buy this again .
a lot bigger than i thought it'd be for the price came fast looks great cant complain ! i would buy it again !
my 3 year old loved it . she also enjoyed the book . will continue the tradition each year ! you can find ideas online
my daughter loves the walking dead so this is perfect for her when she likes to act like carl , now she can shoot the zombies .
well worth the money , a bit pricey but well put together , good things inside , even withstands being outside.easy to replace play dough , may buy another
my grandson who is a typical 3 + year old rough & tumble little boy loves this and has contiunued to enjoy it for almost a year .
our grand daughter loves this set . she is 2 and has babies all over the room that she takes care of .
my granddaughter loves the movie frozen and she loved getting elsa and olaf with a beautiful ice castle for her third birthday !
enjoyable by everyone.having educational value.inclusion of sounds will be more enjoyable . keep it up ! my grand son is very happy with it
kids love it they play it constantly . good graphics and well thought out story . it can also be reset for each child .
this is a smallish toy but the suction cups make it a favorite toy . good starter for a small child .
one stop shopping their great exactly as expected , we can always use more darts , the nerf rebelled are great , and fun
after 20 seconds , the kids got bored with this and eventually all the pieces could not be found . disappointed with this product .
they work great and are very cool to play with . great for kids . i kept breaking mine but i am just to strong
very happy with the new battery operated engine for my thomas set which i set up for my grand children .
i think there are enough reviews on this to describe the game's qualities . a great game solo or with multiple players , even teams . highly recommend this !
dolls of this very hard to find in my town . well , i found them here ! doll cute enough and the equipment set is good .
it's a plush toy that makes noise , how much more is there to say ? it's about 5 " tall and is about exactly what you'd expect !
a cool martian that protect humanity but hes afarid of fire , a person that helps an guide jla to become as one .
granddaughter collects all the lalaloopsy toys . they are cute , easy to handle , fun to play with and trade with friends .
these were great for a pirate party we went to . the were exactly as described and fairly durable . would purchase again .
my grandsone loved it . he's all about learning how things work and he was already fascinated with gears , so this was perfect .
this was a gift for a sea turtle fan who absolutely loves it . now she can build the underwater room in the online game .
definitely love this toy , much nicer than similar plastic toys . pricey but worth it . get the pkolino sorters too , very nice quality
this is a gift to my grandson . i remember buying these when my sons were little . they appear to not have changed much .
this shoots water quite far--definitely an outside only toy . its a blast though and a cute accessory ( empty ) to a halloween costume .
playing with the furby and its furby boom app on the tablet is so much fun for my 5 year old daughter !
really well made . looks like a real school bus.really cute gift for boy who loves monster trucks.very pleased with product and price ! durable for tough play .
you can get the first wave clawdeen , draculara , and frankie on the walmart site now $ 20 for . they have them in the warehouse http://www.walmart.com/ip/monster-high-draculaura-doll/24246817
it was as cute as it could be . it clicked and snapped just as it said that it would . great for little ones .
she carries this thing around with her wherever she goes now , day or night . it was a hit ! she even brings it to our house :)
we got this for my four year old son and he really loves this action toy . it is also cool that it has sound effects !
well-made and the castle responds to this creature--hilarious ! if you are a fan of ni , this is a great addition for the family .
great little , light weight , sand toy set . includes lots of accessories , and my son really likes them ! would be great for the beach too .
this is a wonderfully detailed product . my grandson will flip when he opens this on christmas eve . i also purchased several other characters from the batman tv series
this is the cutest dragon ever . he's sweet and soft and just the right size for kiddy hugs . your kids will love it !
who causes batman so much trouble ? the joker ! now other character is the real joker stay with the right bad guys
this van is adorable ! it's bigger than it looks in the picture . very colorful ! great gift for my 4 year old granddaughter .
good quality and work as described . suction cup versions do stick to many surfaces but not for long on most .
bought this for my son when he was younger . we still have it , and it's lasted fine , though he doesn't play with it anymore .
i bought this for one of my grandsons for christmas . he loves all the lego's i have gotten him in the past as well as this one .
shipped promptly . grandson says link's hair is too orange - should be more yellow .
highly annoying rubberbands all over my house but the kids really enjoy them and this set is filled with fun for the kids .
my boys have gotten a ton of use out of their scooter , it is pretty stable and they love to race around the house on it .
this has been around for a while and my little niece is just as amused with it as babies have been for a long time . great toy !
my kiddos had a blast with this product ! as long as you get it for a great price it makes a perfect gift !
he loves everything scooby doo . game keeps his interest . he plays for about 30 to 45 minutes at a time before he needs to run around .
the kids at our school live this . we purchased it for the preschool program and it's a great addition to our ride on toys !
i purchased this for my granddaughter and i have to say it is absolutely beautiful . i know she will love it on christmas day .
it was fun for them at first . the loved playing in this for a little while but that faded quickly . i'd rather invest in a pool !
my grandson loves these colorful marbles . he is autistic and loves to sort the different colors . it is nice to see marbles are still popular .
great toy . safe , won't hurt if hit by one . sturdy , don't break easy . always good to have extras , just in case
this works very well and i can wait for my little man to use it . it looks beautiful and very realistic
goes perfect with a outfit i bought my neices doll for christmas . style is great . also this is a match of the shoes my neice wears .
perfect kids party favor for a pirate party . all the kids loved them . well made , no complaints , did not break .
bought these for my 2 and 3 year olds ... with the adjustments they can switch and wear each others ... very steady for begginers
ghoulia comes with some cool stuff which made my 9 year old grandaughter happy . nice additon for her collection of monster high dolls .
excellent board . easy to install and set up ! i love the style and design and it's perfect for soft tip and steel darts .
a great array of toys as a starter for the sandbox . nice variety that will keep your kids entertained for hours .
good product , happy with it , daughter loves it . exactly as i had expected it to be . just like from the stores .
these are small and neat army guys . i like the four different sides with the flags . they come in a nice round container . neat !
great toy for any child to use and play with . make believe is the work of childhood . what better way to encourage intereest and learning .
yeah , they dig them - no pun intended . good product , good price . i don't think you will be disappointed at all .
the kids love this game . they love the competition and the pictures are clear and well drawn . it also is a good for vocabulary building .
birthdy gift this and the cargo truck completed the cargo series for my grandson . he loved them both
i know maggie will love this christmas present . she loves to put things into things.grammy
this itemis made out of foamand not durable for rough playas i learned from the foampick axe but i got this one for display in my sons room only
good quality ! the pieces are thick and not flimsy . my 3 and 5 yr olds love it ! would be a great gift idea !
birthday gift for a one year old , she loves stacking the blocks and knocking them down . a excellent toy for learning how to build thinks .
my son received this for christmas . it's small so it's nice to take in the car on trips or for naptime .
my grandson loves it . seems to be made pretty good . they might make it through the kids playing with them .
very cute set . a lot of small pieces - be sure to keep this away from small children . this is a durable set .
game is a lot of fun , challenging , enjoy playing it . ps4 graphics are great , much better than the xbox 360 .
my 17 month old loves these . can be used as play pieces or for actual stringing . needle is nice and big . perfect toy !
grandson loved this and put it together quickly . has three building options and provided great imagination ! it had a great sale price too !
this has so many more design possibilities than the smaller version . can't wait to have some fun with it with my grandchildren !
my granddaughter is very into sophia and likes to dress like a princess so i bought both the amulet and the dress for christmas presents .
big boys got real tomahawks to throw & little boys were thrilled to get a similar ( safe ) replica . fun was had by all !
i bought this for my grandson and he loves it . what more can you ask for from a gift for a grandson .
this expansion is definitely better than the first expansion . while both are still excellent , this one takes the cake for superiority .
you have to own emmet . the collection is not complete without him . it really does state his name on his id badge . i would recommend it .
these are beautiful colored small blocks . they are easy to grasp and easy to grasp for very small hands . a nice assortment .
i bought this pack as part of a birthday gift for my 6 year old granddaughter . i'm sure she will like it .
this doll was cuter then i expected and goes perfect with the rest of the collection . perfect for boys or girls to play with .
the paints just don't work . don't stay on the tub . cannot really draw with them . disappointed in this bath time toy .
she is ok , which mattel would have made her socks like it is in the cartoon . other than that she is beautiful .
my son loves his matchbox cars especially the ones that actually look like real cars ... this is an especially great collection .
my grandaughter is a big monster high fan and requested this for christmas . she was happy to get it and has used it often .
they really do glow , and quite bright too ! perect for bracelets and necklaces . kids love . will order again for sure .
these are made to last toys ... my grandkids play with them all the time and they are still like new . they are worth what you pay .
mini lanterns were a big hit with my 3 and 5 yr old girls . great stocking stuffers and girls have already played with them .
from santa to my almost 2 . loves to open n close n throw off her highchair ! still rather play with our real laptops !
great quality bean bags that will last and last ! my 2 year old son loves these . not only do they teach shapes , but colors as well !
my son loves this toy . the price was steep and the color coating at the tip came off . otherwise its decent .
my husband actually uses it in his shoes for sweaty feet ... works perfectly for sucking up all the sinky smells . :)
got it for my grandson he loves to play on it . would i recommend it sure i would thanks .
another quality toy from fisher-price . lots of movable things with fun add-ons for little guys to play with and was enjoyed .
my daughter loves this measuring tape . she would always take mine and play with so i got her one . she now measures everything in the house .
this was the extra ammo for my grandson's christmas present , he was delighted and won't stop playing with his new nerf gun
this is not quite the toy i had as a child . the pieces either fall out or hardly fit in . disappointing and frustrating for a child .
i bought this for christmas and my 2 year old thinks he is a big boy with his tools . it holds up well too !
the melissa & doug royal family wooden doll set is really nice ! the figures and clothing are great and will make a good accessory to the folding princess castle
great set for any lego collector , easy to put together and hours of fun have already been had with this set by my son . excellent price too !
sledge are made very well , but they not for driving from mountain . it was necessary to grease runners with wax .
this tag book is full of fun things ! this takes a classic game and brings it into the 21st century of learning .
excelent product , good quality , i like all of it , tthe sellersendit too late , soy niece didn ` t get it n timefor christmas
my granddaughter loved this . she is entertained for hours with her leapfrog game . and the price is great as well .
great gadget for the price . it amazes people . it is fun for my grandkids to watch . you can make it into a great physics lesson :)
i would recommend the syma . it is fun to fly and easy to figure out how to fly . entertaining for people of all ages .
a fun addition for our lego collection . my daughter loves the zoo so now she has a little bit of it at home too
and noble . 7 yr old did it in 2 hrs with minimal help . it's not that tall and a good one to start his collection .
bought this set for a friends child . we love all legos at our house . great for the imagination , good starter set =)
i was surprised with this ebook . very well produced and will challenge the majority of children in reading . the format is great for learning .
this is colorful , sturdy and easy to use fir hours of fun by your little guy or gal !
awesome ! my son loves this game and its educational too ! does it get any better ? i would definitely buy this for other kids !
this product is very fun for kids of all ages . as a gift , you couldn't ask for anything better to excite the little ones !
bought for grandma's house toys . also bought other furniture and people for the house i have here . have to keep them busy here .
this was fun for our kids for awhile . they \ eventually got bored of it , but it did provide some entertainment with a little educational value .
my grand daughter loves theses she takes the hammer and chips away at them like a whole new world was in them
great sound when flying by your head . cheap and fly further than other darts . must buy for gun that support it .
it is a nerf gun . . . i have boys . . . it is a nice additon to the arsenal of nerg guns in the garage .
my son loves legos so he asked for a base to build his creations on . a must for all lego enthusiasts .
my four year old has completely fallen in love with her brand new doctor kit . i wish it came with a doctor's coat but no biggie !
granddaughter loves this puppy . it really helped teach her in learning hands , feet , etc . and she loves to " sing " along .
i use it for ab workouts and much more . ball is durable and holds air nicely even when the temperature changes .
christmas present is for my granddaughter . i'm sure she will love it . it looks well made and color is great .
a happy customer in hawaii ! i bought these for my son's preschool for their science table . the kids really enjoyed it .
my girls love this set and it has a nice variety and all of the items are made well . happy .
kids love capturing zeus and it gives them good practice in counting and rounding . the game is fun for parents and teachers too . i love gamewright games .
works just like it says it does , my grand daughter who is 3 is still learning how to us it !
my 3 year old used it only twice ( under my supervision ) and it is already not working properly . i am disappointed .
my son loves the bubble guppies show and watches it every day . he sleeps with his stuffed animals every night .
these are cute oobi eyes for junior fingers . i can't really play with them , as an adult , because they hurt mine .
my 3 yr old son got this as a prize for completing his potty chart and he was so excited . loves it
well obviously they're cheap , it's perforated cardboard . numbers or letters would be more educational ... but other than that the pictures are simple and of similar colors .
we bought this for our son to learn the presidents names . he enjoys looking at their faces and is doing much better at memorizing the order .
this was a christmas present requested by my niece . she loves it , especially the color . she plays with it frequently .
great angry bird & star wars . 2 in one my son love them , they are soft and have a good size to play with them
this was bought for my 8 and 10 yr old daughter for their crayola light up dry-erase boards and they love them .
now this is great transformer and my kid loves it ! not hard to transform it and it really looks cool .
surprisingly qood construction . the bells are a nice size and sound good . the red strap is thick and easy to hold onto .
granddaughter was so excited when she opened package and saw this item . it is exactly as described . packaging was perfect . happy with results .
had it only two days , but it seems to be a good product for children of the age for which we purchased it .
if you are sick and depraved then this is a game for you , but if you are clean living , don't buy
cute assortment of barbie shoes . none are identical and there is a variety of color and style . arrived fast and was well packaged .
my 6 year old loves this game i got him for his birthday . he plays it every night before bed and learns from it .
purchased for my son who really enjoyed it , but then played it by myself for 2hrs . should keep my 8yr old thinking for awhile .
this was purchased for my great granddaughter for her fourth birthday . she was delighted with her furby and brings it to bed with her .
my 5 year old daughter consistently beats us all at this game ! so much fun ! ! ! can't reccomend this product enough !
fits the american girls ! very soft and good quality , just as good as actual american girl clothes . very pleased ! thanks !
these are the first sleeves i've ever used . i wanted to protect the cards in love letter , and these worked perfectly .
my daughter loves this toy she likes that the lps comes with a girl it makes a great gift idea for any kid who loves the lps animals
my grandson really enjoyed this lego ninjago kai fighter toy . it was one of his fascinating lego toys to go with his many others .
this is a great game for 6-11 year olds . it keeps them laughing and entertained . cheap price , but good quality
my little granddaughter loves princess stuff and we bought these for her . these are good quality and the paint and coloring is good . good product .
child does'nt make a big fuss over this toy.he would rather play with something else more exciting.parts are easily lost .
purchased for the grandsons that are being home schooled by their mother and keeps the kids on their toes and thinking .
i loved this game as a kid and now my daughter plays with it all the time my wife hates picking up the peices but hey we love her
great for babies that love phones , they teach numbers and the phone speaks both english and spanish , this is great
cheap , boring , tiny . can't remember what i paid for them , but not worth much . would not buy again . ;-( boo
good quality and nice songs ... i like it especially when it is on sale ~ ! i bought several different cars . they are all great !
cute box , but made of very flimsy material . hard to get top to fit and stay on . nice concept , bad materials .
my girls love these bracelets . we have several of them and they enjoy posing them into the animal they represent .
i bought this as a first birthday gift and it was well-received by the birthday girl . the ark is bigger than i expected and very sturdy .
this was purchased as a christmas gift---the little boy and his daddy enjoyed the first time they played with it .
shame on me , i got a gift that i knew would be annoying and had no off switch . so irritating .
we bought these cars for our grandson for christmas . he loves car , and this was a nice , big pack . great gift at a great price .
this is a really pretty puzzle . the colors are vibrant and she play for hours , mezmorized by the magnetic action of the pieces on the board .
all the turtles are great i bought all of them for christmas for my grandson who totaly loved them ! ! !
great action figure ! very well made with lots of intricate moveable parts and super cool looking ! fun for my six year old .
2 year old grandsons love these things . they have spent many hours sticking them to appliances and stacking them then pulling them apart .
the piano is very cute but it fell apart as my daughter was taking it out of the box to give to my grandson .
larger than expected and totally what a 10 year old wanted for christmas ! this truck as so many moving parts !
good price , described product exactly , shipped very quickly . does what it is supposed to , changes colors in cool and warm water .
my grand child love this . it was easy to assemble the directions were well written .. very happy with it i would recommend it
just thought i'd post that i bought this today from kmart for $ 12.99 . great toy for anyone who loves play doh !
much better alternative to bath crayons ( which stained my tub ) . these wash right off and are fun to draw with
my daughter gave this to my son for his birthday - very tedious to put together , but typical lego in that the details are amazing . great gift !
melissa & doug stickers are always great & we've bought them several times . there is variety in each pack and well-priced .
grandson wont get it until may but i am hoping he will enjoy it . post more then and give a better report on this product .
nice little toy for my grand daughter . the puzzle pieces all have something unique about them & are just right for small hands .
love the price for the variety of colors and vibrancy of these markers . my girls also love the scented ones .
this line of camping gear for kids is so cute . all , of the products i have ordered have been great especially the campfire logs .
its a fun bucket but i wouldnt buy it again because it was used for like two days and forgotten in time
this is exactly the same ting that walmart had for $ 15 less great product and wonderful teaching aid will be used a lot
retro 3ds xl case protects , holds up to 6 games and looks greatprice a little high but worth it for the 8 - bit nostalgia
i finally found what keep my kids occupied and learning , while sharing with each other .
we got it for our 2 year old granddson , and he really loved rocking on it , very durable and a good price . d ball
the gift box was precious and the little girls necklace was so cute . this is a perfect gift for a small girl .
decent quality , decent size and a great deal for the price . kids keep plastic army men and hot wheels cars in them .
my grandson loves to play with his tools ! this is a great little tool set he likes to pretend he is fixing everything .
great first camera for toddlers as they learn how to shoot . very durable camera my nephew likes it and is rough with his toys
i bought this for my 2 year old grandson and he just loved it . put all kinds of things in the wagon to give them a ride .
nicely designed toy but a bit fragile for the bottom side of the age spectrum this toy is recommended for .
totally boss ! ! ! my child really digs this minecraft toy . legos , minecraft - what more could you ask for ? this toy rocks !
my baby absolutely loves the sounds and flashing lights of this product . but parents be warned that it is a bit annoying . . .
summers coming and this will be his first swing i hope he likes itto little to go to the park
got this for my daughter so she can learn her colors what a plus that she has a fun way of learning
i have three different etch-a-sketch pads and this one is the only one that still is in good condition . also this pen is really great for small hands !
an interesting mix of dominion and steam game mechanics . the production quality is very good . everyone at the local club enjoyed it .
the game's mechanics compliment its morbidity . killing off people's family members is fun and the plastic transparent cards are visually interesting .
what can be said ? it's testor glue - it sticks to everything , even your fingers . i would , ' t build a plastic model without it .
super cute . they fit my daughter's american girl doll perfectly and are easy for my daughter to take off and on by herself .
very good quality dominos and at a very good price . all time classic games . you will like these quality dominos .
kids love leapfrog for some reason . and this case holds up to their abuse . buy this if you think if you need a case .
great price for these fun lights . the band breaks after a while , but that didn't stop the children from playing with them . great party favor .
these are the typical glow sticks and they come with the connectors to make them into bracelets . it's a good price for how many there are !
never saw it , but i heard the child loved it ... basic lego set for a wonderful price ... would purchase again
great for return gifts in goodie bags and attractive for kids . i am sure they love coloring with their fav one
my sons loved the movie and just love this game ! they brought it withthem on christmas vacation and played it over and over !
nice smooth blaster ... ergonomics better than maverick ... range is definitely better than maverick ... design is ever so cool ... no regrets buying ... ! ! !
giving this to my daughter for christmas . we also received the headphones and case for it when we purchased this
my grandson is 2 and a half and loves the wooden railway cars with the magnets . this musical car plays his favorite tune and is made very sturdy .
i bought this shape sorter for my daughter . after only a few times playing with it , the paint started to chip off of the blocks.very poorly made .
these little sneakers are just too cute for words ! my youngest granddaughter will love them for her cherished 18 - inch dolls .
cutest silver ware out there . my son is getting this set for christmas in his stocking , but he is going to flip !
a great fun addition for the grandbabies to go with the movie.good size , good quality , kids loved it
great product - provides good coverage and protection for the leappad ! ! would recommend - the green color is very cool .
my 6 year old daughter absolutely loves this toy , she plays with it all the time and takes it to her friends houses whenever she can .
nice looking , nice size , perfect squishiness . great buy for little children ! i love how they included his striped legs instead of just making them orange .
ordered these for my granddaughter and my sister's granddaughter for christmas . they are making rubber band bracelets , so had to get plenty of clips for them .
these are played with constantly at our house and the kids love them . safe to be around babies and can be used in many different ways .
i gave the previous sets to my nieces and we had a lot of fun , this is a great complement and adds to the fun of creating stories .
great toy for little hands . very sturdy and would definitely recommend for toddlers . my grandson loved it ! ! highly recommend to friends & family .
i got this to go along with the fisher price little people wheeliez zig the big rig . my son loves these little cars . he brings them everywhere .
filled the bill exactly and exceeded expectations for a young grandson . made wonderful gift and lived up to the advertising .
beautiful . this is such a cute wrap for a doll . i know it will bring much pleasure to my grand daughter .
daughter loved getting these in her stocking this year . they are absolutely adorable and made well too . they have great detail and are super soft .
my granddaughter just loved them she always wears tights with her dresses so her doll must wear tights too very nice
giving this to my 10 year old for his birthday . it arrived faster then estimated . i think everyone will have fun with it .
looks nice but i miss the old days where transforming was easier with less pieces which meant they were sturdy
this works great as a stand alone piece or additional cars hooking up to the trains . magnets seem to hold well too
its freaking devastator . i am a huge transformers and lego fan . all the parts work with legos as well even though its made be kre-o .
grandson wanted a new one . he loves woody . it is his traveling buddy . he sleeps and plays with him as well .
great teaching tool for the little ones who love the game of baseball . this teaches them all about the positions and the rules of the game .
i thought this set was really cool and it was at a very fine price too . it'll be a future gift .
this is a great party game , as long as no one is particularly sensitive . this is the fourth small expansion to the original cards against humanity .
my boy and his friends simply love this game . it is simple but catchy enough . best of all , a good way to coral four boys .
collect these for my 2 grandkids . this one is especially cute and makes a sound as well . this is one of their favorites .
this is yet another great add on tool for your child's legos . they can build to contentment & use many accessories with this set .
absolutely love this ! ! ! my daughter squealed when she opened it and has been playing with it nonstop since she opened it
so it's a matter of what is most important to you . an overpriced toy you pay for or a child who loves to play with it .
we play this game every week with another couple or couples . it has a great carrying case also . well worth the money .
can't really do a review for this item as it's just a plastic toy sword that the kid wanted and i found relatively cheaply on the internet .
a great addition to any halo collection and my husband loves master chief and he came unopened , in original packaging .
my daughter loved this ballon for her birthday . if you are filling your own balloons this is a great accent piece !
even though some of the bands were brocken the amount that are still in tact make this worth the money . great colors and will last a while .
exactly as described ! just what i was looking for ! great quality and great price ! so happy with my experience shopping with amazon.com !
who does not enjoy lego's , they are the true 3 - d puzzle . my 6 year old put this one together , easy instructions .
i was looking for a birthday gift for a 5 - year-old . he seemed thrilled with the set . i would recommend this product .
son loves this thing . the spikes on the back is pretty cool and the tail is good for whacking things .
well worth the money ! they are small , but good quality . the kids really like them . i would definetly buy again .
hello kitty is a blast . for the price and a little assistance with an almost three yr old she loves it .
it's easy to write with for my toddler , but the eraser is hard to slide back and forth and kind of sticks .
normal quality rubber bands , nice color , no issues with them except for that they do not glow in the dark as advertised . thus 3 stars
this product is by far one of the most trusted names out there for learning . my nephew loves to learn new things . this is a great start .
the one i got doesn't work properly-it won't come out of test mode . don't expect any satisfaction from playskool either because their customer service is worthless .
ugly and small but my granddaughter loves it so nothing to complain about it here . she is big into this game .
i was very happy when i first received ghoulia and her scooter . after she started riding the scooter around at night ... not so sure ...
i use them for ot . great for visual motor skills and to work on hand strength . fun for adults too !
granddaughter got this for christmas and also more dresses and items for barbie i got on this site .. she has had a ball with the barbies this year .
my daughter loves anything mermaid style ! we purchased this book for her , and she was so excited to open it up and start reading .
i wish it was sold with the lightbulb but aside from that it is a great product . simple and easy to use . lots of fun .
this is in our livingroom filled with balls and a slide and works perfect.the kids play on it all day
i got this for my godson for christmas . he loves playing with it and it's real durable . good news is he hasn't broken anything with it yet !
good quality will have to wait till xmas to see how it stacks up looks sturdy great for toddlers durable
i bought this item and it looks good , i put the stand together and i hope it works for sailor moon
my granddaughters love this doll house . santa will be bringing more add one and furniture . these toys are fp great
this is perfect for storing all my kids ' art work and i was able to get three different style for my kids .
really cute little doll cookies . they definitely look like real cookies , only a little smaller . great with the little tea set for the american girl dolls .
this is soo cute and durable . exceeded my expectations . the detail is great and love that the back door opens just like a real mail truck .
the jumbo knobs made it easy for toddler hands to grip and place in and out of puzzle . the bright colors kept her intriuged for hours .
my little girl got the whole set of dora / diego beanies for her birthday and this , by far , was her favorite .
this is om , but sort of cheap stuff . you'd do better buying some of the m & d wood magic kits . they are way better
this doll was truly lovely . of all the dolls this one rates the highest ! ! this doll will hopefully be collectible .
this is a game just for my 4 year old , she now is into learning and she loves it ! once again leapfrog has done it again .
the grandsons love this ! they have the other sets that go with it and have so much fun :)
this would be better with 4 slots for bills , since the set comes with 1 , 5 , 10 and 20 dollar bills . otherwise very fun toy !
perfect for my sons bday party . went together easily and held up good to kids knocking them around . holds quite a bit of stuff ! !
my grand-daughter plays with this set daily when she plays house . it's a great set to go with her play kitchen.very realistic .
didn't realize how many figures you had to buy to build the the add on item , it's a ploy i do not like .
this and other games help me to educate my child and to instill a spirit of learning is fun . recommended .
this is a great addition to our growing duplo collection . my son loves it and it has been played with everyday .
i ordered this for a gift for my niece . she has a castle that it goes with and she loved it .
my son loved it ! he's 7 and he did the whole thing by himself . but what is there not to love about legos !
i like the vibrant hot pink and black , that makes a striking combination . these loom bands are nice to work with .
this game is simple and my five year old enjoys it . i like that it doesn't have a lot of little pieces to get lost .
love her great in the movie her outfit is awesome and also her camera is great again monster high rules
these are the little 2.5 inch tall bottles . they come with a great selection of colors and are just the right size for my 2 year old .
very cute dolls i got them to surprise my daughter for christmas . the price was very reasonable and i know that she's going to love them .
just exactly what i ordered . helps to complete the set my son was collecting look forward to shopping with you again
this is a game my family really enjoys . we pass it around after holiday meals and leads to some great laughs and always entertaining .
exactly what i needed . great that it comes in different colors and it's stretchy for different size fingers . will add a nice touch .
this again is one great helicopter . great control and stability . you cant go wrong with this one . looks and control are a - 1
a small yet complete set that has the ability to entertain my 6 year old for many hours . he will love catching the thieves again and again !
purchased for christmas . he loves pushing the cart around and distributing his food . also used for anything else he can fit in . sturdy .
great alternative to the regular version . my little boy loves this one . great price , cute game . worth the money !
this is a fun addition . fun sounds - not obnoxious . as with all tthetrain cars - very durable , well made . magnets hold cars together well .
this has a great variety of colors , and the chalk sticks are really big . it is long lasting and good fun .
my son plays this game all the time and still not tired of it . very educational ! i highly recommend it !
you gotta love these products if you are a minecraft fan , it's exactly what my nephew was looking for . i'm satisifed with this product .
this is a very durable and lasting toy . works great , entertained the kids for hours at a time and can withstand a lot of abuse !
the kids in my daycare love this . we pretend to mail letters to each other all the time . it's really cute .
that is all just awesome ! and still very inflated after two weeks ! he is big too ! my kids fell in love !
like a rubber ducky ... these make bathtime lots of fun . no mess , no fuss , just good clean fun for the bath
cute party tattoos for my 4 year-old grand-daughter's birthday party . they are wonderful party favors . the girls loved them at her party ... they wanted more .
my daugther it's not too fund of it ( except on road trips ) but my nephew is getting better on his writing .
yup , it's a boyd . makes noise , soft and cuddly , throws well . my boys have fun throwing it so its a winner .
my kids love this . they love all the sets that can come apart like this . it's well made and have had no issues with it .
my son is six & really likes this toy . he loves it more then the batwing & this one is less expensive .
hysterical ! lots of fun ! expect nothing less from the folks at looney labs . great for two or more players . highly recommend this game .
my daughter loves this game . it teaches math skills while they are having fun . even my 2 year son likes watching her play .
these are great ! the colors are vibrant and my grand - nephew loved to be able to use the knife to " cut " the fruit .
the lizards are a decent size and good quality . i like how they come in different colors . i would buy these again .
i thought this was really age appropriate . the pieces were easy to use and sturdy . he is a happy camper .
kids loves it . my 16 months age daughter and four years old son both enjoy it alot .
item works very well and is a fun toy to play with . our 3 year old grandson really enjoys it especially the stampers .
this is the best ! my daughter has a small issue with pronouncing certain letters , this will help her amazingly ! such a great buy too !
she has taken a tubby with it and played outside with it in a bucket - very easy clean up - just might take a little longer
these brushes are great for little kids . the variety is nice for adding to any arts and crafts kit and they're durable .
these little guys are really big and make you feel like you own your own minion ! they are so cute !
the grand kids need an extra car so they could all share and have fun . it is good quality and easy assemble .
these blocks are great . they stick together nicely and are not hard for little hands to manipulate . the boys love the .
my grandson loves these . he has named each one , and calls them his baby dinosaurs . we have big ones that he calls the parents .
my son loves thomas and when he opened this he was so excited . annie and clarabel look just like they do on the tv show and he loves them
what else is there to say ? if you enjoy cards against humanity , you need to buy this and all other expansions to the game .
our little guy never met a train he didn't like , so of course he loved having a place for them to go and rest ! ! !
my son is a huge fan of thudercats and loves this toy ! great price , sturdy design , awesome present for any fan ! a + + +
my two year old hates this thing . it is sitting in the closet until we can take it to goodwill to donate .
my son loves spiderman . came as promised no breakage and just as seen . i am very satisfied . hope they make lightning mc queen candles as well .
my son got this from his grandma for his 4th birthday and this is one of his favorite toys ! it's awesome and fun ! would definitely recommend .
nothing good or bad . both boys and girls seemed to like this prize item as a choice . price was fair .
inspires building and make believe . much more fun than little people because these characters can sit and their arms move plus they have real clothing .
daighters are playing with it . sturdy and simple construction yet with great details . doll is well made and the magiclip dress works niftily .
this game is great for my pre-schooler and she even has room to learn more . it should be a fun game for years to come .
great toy . sturdy . nice wood . my toddler enjoys . what you expect from melissa and doug . fits other toy train sets .
a fun way to get the conversation going and think outside the box . asks some really cute questions ! great conversation starters ! would recommend
we found it was hard to play in the car . the cards went all over and it was frustrating . on a table it works better .
it is an okay product , we just need to fill out the card to mail and get the butterfly larva .
looks like a fun game for my three year old . large cards , colorful images . shipped on time and in perfect condition . thanks .
the game its funny as the pinguins of the movie , very creative and the sounds make the kids dont stop the thinker part
this puppet is awesome . my son loves it , our miniature schnauzer is bizarrely attracted to it . awesome puppet ! we are quite pleased .
this is a great toy for any kid who likes jake and the neverland pirates . it is good quality and has some fun features . great gift idea !
my son does not have xbox live gold so i needed to get this on disc . it's minecraft . he loves it . nuff said .
this is a nice selection of books for those just learning to read . very basic sentences for the little ones to read .
they are small but work , kids had a lot of fun and were safe without anyone getting hurt ! i would buy them again !
got this for our son for christmas , he love it ! he's 4 and the pieces are large enough for him to maneuver
playing the expansions has added new horror to this game . everybody gets offended , everybody get's " that look " ... totally worth it , buy all three .
we love the hog wild poppers and suggest buying 2 or more refill packs . having more on hand makes the fun last longer ! !
i've played this on nintendo wii u and the controls were superb . i played it on xbox and ps4 , and i wanted to vomit .
my son loves this lego set he plays forever with his fire station . it goes well with the fire cheif we also bought from amazon
my daughter loves doc mcstuffins . she was so excited to get lambie in her easter basket . it looks just like it is pictured .
we have had this since christmas , and it's still working ! my 2 year old and 3 year old adore it . the elmo microphone is old news ...
it was so nice to have such a selection online to choose from . i was so happy to have everything delivered right to my door .
these little caterpillar construction vehicles are just the right size for our 3 year old grandson ! they will make a great gift !
my daughter loves this , and whenever friends come over , they always want to play with it . a simple , yet fascinating toy .
so much fun from my one year old up to the parents ! we all want to buy more and make bigger things !
challenging , fun , and has maintained its entertainment value over the years . bought this as a gift since i like to share the things i enjoy !
this has provided some fun alone play as well as a fun little board game for two . i recommend it highly .
it made the game more fun with having the extra routes ticket to ride is my favorite game with the expansion it is even more exciting
another ac fan collectors must have . detailing is great and comes with a code for more in game content . well worth the price spent .
great expansion to a great game . i absolutely recommend getting this . it is not junk . :) . great wall of china might be my new favorite .
i bought this for my grandson for his birthday . he loves making noise with it . he loves the dog too and plays alot with it .
great telescope to go with my son's pirate party ... also just a great telescope for your little explorer ! highly recommend .
if these are coming they are not here yet . it is only a buck but if they never get here it was a waste .
this action figure is one of the most interesting zombies in the complete series . plus , she has a back story through the web series .
my nephews were thrilled ! they love legos . they love star wars . how could you go wrong with this ? i wanted to play too !
that is what my 3 1/2 year old son thinks . this toy is pretty cool i must add . good quality .
the magnets on the sides are coming off . for the price of this it should last longer . not worth the money . garbage .
our five year old granddaughter is delighted with this cute and easy to handle doll . baby wanna walk performs just as advertised .
great , sturdy and love the magnet aspect . trains stay together and actually " find " themselves in the toy chest :) a bit pricey , though .
enjoyable and very fun game . easy to understand concepts for small children to grasp . appreciate the wood figures . would definitely recommend .
this , is a cute game and my 3 year old enjoys playing it . however , it's just not as good as the original operation game .
eh . puzzles are very small and not terribly difficult . good enough to keep in the car but not a go-to toy .
christmas gift . i'm sure she will like them . not a lot to say about the socks . they look like little girls white socks .
this set was a bargain and it was made well for the price . my daughter loves to wear it while using her play kitchen .
this broke right away after i bought it . fully charged it lasts for about 15 minutes then you have to charge all over again
the color looks dirty but it's not a matter of the dust . mine has a horribly misshapen mouth and it looks just awful when it's mouth opens
am a bit disappointed with the " wiping " mechanism , easily stuck half way and need to be very gentle with it .
i love this to i am happy that he got this to iam happy he got this my kids love it that good
the wristlet is small . perhaps too small . the bells make a nice sound and there are plenty of them for a good jingle .
my grand daughter loves this , she has been having so much fun with it ! i'm even having fun with it !
have never been disappointed in melissa & doug toys that i have bought for grandchildren .
he may have a new look and a new form to us fans he still the same shockwave we all know and love , no collection is complete without him
great starter gift for future lego lover . love it comes in its own bucket for storage . makes life easier on mom !
my 4 year old is really into toy story 1 right now . plays with her older sisters buz so the will love this woody to go with him !
my daughter loves all the architecture legos , the big ben was an addition to her collection , it looks very nice
i also had this as a child and loved it . i got this for my 11 month old son and my daughter loves playing with it too . =]
my son loves this . he is a lego fanatic and as always , legos are a great and durable product for boys !
this is wonderful for my blind grandson . he can listen to the dvd and play at the same time . he loves it .
my daughter loved getting this puppet ! it is made very well and is just fantastic ! i'm sure it will last for years ! !
the joke's on you batman ! this caesar romero look alike will add realism to your " bat " collection.you can't have batman without his nemesis the joker !
this was purchased with the fisher price basic baby's first doll and was a big hit with both my grandaughters
i gave this to me nephew for christmas and he loved it ! great for any lord of the rings fan !
my toddler just loves , loves , loves this climber / sliding board ! he has so much fun with it , and we have boat-loads of memorable photographs .
these tiaras were perfect for what i needed , they're very cute , had both color choices in each pack , and are pretty solidly made .
my grand daughter just loved the movie and wanted one of these.we were not disapointed , it is great looking toy .
ordered this for a christmas present for a friend of ours little girl . she will love it as she loves to make crafts .
gave the hobbit riddles for the ring as a gift . he is having lots of fun building and playing with it .
super cute set for a little girl . simple packaging which i love . easy to wrap for christmas which i love even more !
could not figure out how to play this game . when we went by the directions , it was boring . would not recommend this game .
daughter was very excited to receive this guy . another one to add to her collection :) definitely worth the money
i bought this for my son as a valentine's day present and he really loves it . lots of great learning tools and variety
i got this so that my daughter would have games of her own . my son also started playing this game . they both love it .
this is a cute game , with plastic game pieces that are dogs . the game is easy to play and i would recommend .
ok , it is a bit small in content , but absolutely nice for my 9 years daughter , she like ot very much !
this was a gift for my grandchild and she and her sisters have play continuously with it since christmas and it is still going .
this toy is super durable as i have stepped on many times . it is not my daughters favorite toy . however , she does enjoy it .
just didnt get all parts with this item . and all of a suddenit stop forward and reverse motion . but a nice heli ! ! !
delivered quick and exactly as pictured here . i love creating bracelets with my girls and they love giving them out to their friends ! ! !
my baby loves his nemo bath toys ! they're very good quality so spend a little extra and you have bath toys that won't end up in the trash !
it is very handy and makes it easy for a 4 year old to carry . good protection for the leap pad .
my grandchildren love painting with water ... and i love it because there is not a lot of cleanup . this one has good pictures of the pooh-bear .
beautiful doll . my daughters love her . when i bought it here it was cheaper than in the stores . i think it still might be .
they do what they are supposed to . easy to use , intuitive . loud enough for indoor use , not really for parties .
its a little hard to blow into but my grandson who is 3 kept working at it and was so proud when he could play it !
these are so tiny and cute ! they were a perfect gift for my cousin who is 8 . she loves her american girl doll .
i saw this toy at walmart for $ 5 . same as all other little people .
i'm a big fan of melissa & doug products and this one did not disappoint . my 5 year olds loved this !
made well as all other disney stuff usually is . we haven't seen the movie but my 6 yr . old likes little dolls like this
as usual , high quality toys . there was only a small chip in the paint on one item . realistic and fun for 4 year old .
very nice microscope . the boys love looking at all different things close up . feels durable . not flimsy . we use it all the time .
gave these as gifts and the kids that received them seemed to enjoy it . price is right and a good gift for kids .
it is pretty flimsy and it is too easy to just shove the animals and shapes through the door . my daughter lost interest quickly .
my two year olds ( twins ) love this ! it's so cute and cuddly and makes them love blues clues even more !
my 3 yr old son loves the mini's , he also has several of the larger ones . he likes taking them apart and changing them around .
my grand son recently discover star wars and everything relating to space is on his list for santa . this is a wonderful toy
my great niece really loved this . she wanted to play with it right away . she's spent many hours already playing with it !
had it for awhile floats and action filled , his must have in the tub or can play out the tub too .
perfect addition to our sons thomas collection , he loves them and plays with them almost every day so far and loves the giggling car . :)
this is a must add-on accessory for the beyblade system of tops . works as a controller for the tops making them perform different maneuvers
this was a great brain teaser ! ! it took awhile to figure out , but it was well worth the wait for my 11 year old .
the toddler likes to hug and undress the baby , although he is a little frustrated the hat doesn't come off .
i bought this for my six year old who loves monkeys . he loves it . he sleeps with it and plays with it .
gift for a great grandson , and i put the batteries with it , so he could enjoy it right away ! ! ! he loved it !
my kids like this toy and teaches them about color , shape , sorting and how to follow patterns . it keeps them occupied . good toy !
great product . will be loved by my grandson who is an avid legos person and now has turned his interest to the ahalo products
my grandson loved them he was surpirsed . lots of pieaces in the box . my grandson told that he was so happy to get them
great price and ive used mine a ton with no issues . does not come with a wall charger but other than that its great
a very nice quiet fidget . they have an inviting texture , which makes them nice for squeezing as well as stretching .
she's cute , simple , still trendy . these dolls never get old according to my daughter . she enjoyed adding it to her collection .
i bought this set for a christmas gift . i am sure i will have one happy grandson !
great stickers for the favors bags at my sons birthday party . the kids loved them and we had some left over .
great product , my 6 year old son loves this . it is the perfect size for him and he has mastered it quickly !
kids always go back to this . it is entertaining for ages 3 to about 6 . and it does have some real educational value .
he's big and i love it he my friends love him to they are planning to buy them one when they can .
a great game of craziness ! such an amazing concept that lends itself to making people cutthroat , even when they normally aren't :)
this was a christmas gift and he loves it , plays with it extensively . the item was packed and shipped as advertised .
this seems like a great , durable car . would have preferred rubber tires instead of plastic , but i think this will hold up for awhile .
so totally cute she is one of the prettiest monster high dolls i've ever seen . my granddaughter will love her . it's for christmas .
my granddaughter loved sofia the first . these were very cute and just what she wanted . she is four years old .
bought for a stupid joke . the joke was stupid . it is what it is .
infinite is a nice divergence from the first 2 , but i've decided i'm just not a fan of the series . the gameplay doesn't really keep me engaged .
the wooden tracks work perfectly . my 4 year old grandson loves to make creative track layouts with the extra pieces he got for christmas .
they our like army figures but zombie vs hunters . my son loves these . if your child likes to play with smaller items this is great
my 12 year old was very surprised and impressed.it is very small - - but it is also way cool ! he adores his hex-bugs .
my kids all ten of them from the original four have been my energy and happiness for centuries.happy days.bye guys .
this ball is really hard . even for my husband to do . very complicated . i would suggest it for kids . it is too hard and frustrating .
it fits in the palm of my hand , but for my little guy it's just the right size for his bug exploring ! !
again , this is the perfect co-worker gift because it's fun and within the price of co-worker gift exchanging guidelines . it's very well made and a great price .
comes fully assembled . easy to use and play will . soft and durable . most parts are sewn on so you don't need to worry about losing them .
granddaughters loved this addition to their leapfrog leapster game collection . a system that has lasted for years and is still available and popular .
i was skeptical of this game but my 3 kids love it ( ages 3 , 5 , and 7 ) . i would buy it again .
10 year old brother loved it ! kept him busy for a half an hour and he loved the bag that came with it .
they were a great addition to the small doll closet . they met all my expectations and all my grand daughters wishes !
this cutie pie elf is pricey but worth it . the memories it helps you create with your children or grandchildren are priceless . shipped quickly . thanks
we got this for my son who is 5 and he loves this toy . can't go wrong if you like transformers and cars !
keeps my niece busy and tired . able to use it indoors and outdoors . great christmas gift at a great price .
fun little nerf gun , shoots far and my littl eman loves them , id def buy more of the darts ours seem to keep getting lost
greatly detailed ; in my opinion , better than the ac series figure by way of her face . must have for collectors !
my 4 year old and i use these letters for so many things . it has certainly helped him learn his letters - small and uppercase .
great container - it's large enough to hold all my daughter and son's lego plus it's a really great colour .
purchased this for a community toy drive . i felt it met expectations for a boy or girl of many age levels . colorful and sturdy .
great product . i last very bright for at least 24 hours . it was still glowing at about 50 % of the power on the 2nd day .
bruder products are the greatest . i haven't been disappointed yet . great size for a 3 year old to maneuver around .
this product is fine with me . great with the leapfrog pad 2.it is exactly as shown on the photograph .
my son wanted this for a while . we had a hard time finding it but we found it finally and it is exactly as it was described .
he is only six and has just begun collecting but he loved this set of cards as a start to his collection .
this yellow in her hair looks great and we can find it on her skirt as well , i do like it ! something new for this monster-girl ! :)
unlike any other transformer , his transformation and robot mode is very unique . quality mols and interesting transformation . a must have .
this is perfect pillow pet for the little one that has it on his / her wish list . my little one loves her unicorn book and pillow pet !
just the right size for the cake table ! can't wait to use it my granddaughter will love this and be surprised !
pens work great and the cost was perfect . will definitely order again if needed . colors are bright and write well .
good for long trips helps to keep the leapfrog charges and working . you don't have worry that it will stop working half way through a log trip .
i think most people buy this as a gag gift but it really does actually work . plus it smells nice .
this game isnt for everyone . if you dont have a sense of humor do not buy this game . maybe not for kids .
this toy is on its second baby and still works great . durable and my 3 year old and 1 year old play it together .
my niece and nephew were immediately entranced with this set and spent the evening playing tea party . it is sturdy , breakable and looks realistic but fun .
i believe that this toy will be used for a long time she seemed to love it guess we will see
these are awesome ! great start to a doctor who collection ! if you love the show you will most definitely love these amazing figures !
this was cute but the bottle seems to be losing liquid . i can't see liquid coming out but the current level is very low .
this speed cube is awesome ! my son loves it ! it's faster than all of his friends ' cubes . i highly recommend it !
kids will love them , good way to scare you at night or to do their investigations to the kitchen for cookies and milk
my little grand daughter that is about to walk is loving this . she can push it around with no problems at all ...
my kids enjoy these and i guess that's whats important . they need to be under a light for awhile before they will glow in complete darkness .
these are great for my kids . their flashcards with a twist ! using the hot dots pen they can learn solo , or play games !
very poor ive had them in water for a week now and they still have not hatched out of their eggs i will not buy again a waste of money
looks great . great design detail . wish it had come with more arrows . only has one , and if it is lost ...
i love having this added to my collection ! it is a classic and is very detailed ! a must have for any batman fan !
my daughter is 4 and loves this doll , it's also at a great price ! must have for all merida lovers !
my daughter loved it from the moment she first saw it . she is 2 the chair is the perfect size for her .
the water section is detailed . blues are hard to mix just right . paint brush held up longer than most . like the colorful areas .
purchased this for my niece for christmas along with a ghoulia doll as they were so cheap i could get her two dolls instead of just one .
the bridge is of very good quality . my grandson is two and he says weeee when his trains go down . he just loves letting them roll ! !
we like this the best of 3 products to hold and store puzzles . closes up fairly tight irh little movement of puzzel pieces .
my 5 year old grandson could write rave reviews on this lego set . he loved it - what more could i say !
great toy to illustrate the three little pigs story . all pieces fit together inside the largest home for easy storage
great price , jelly bracelets are jelly bracelets , what else is there to say ? the kids loved these and they were great for giveaways
my son loves this game him and my dad play when he comes to visit and on our game night
ordered this as a gift for my godson . seems decent enough but he loses interest pretty fast . very durable product though .
bought this as a gift for my grandsons , they had requested it and it was a winner , they love it
purchased this last minute before christmas . kids loved it . 4 months later they still play with this set constantly . lots of things to do with it .
i really like this line so i picked them all up , i have two of ghoulia since i also got the 2 pack that comes with abbey ! !
i bought this with the bruder orange dump truck and it is the perfect size . i would definitely purchase this again .
this toy is a great idea and would be loads of fun if it worked . the functionality of this product is zero .
i have used many crayola products . they never failed . my 3 year old was so excited about so many color she got .
i bought two of these and the girls loved it . they spend hours decorating the monster high figures and you can tell they really enjoy it .
this is a lot of fun for big kids and little kids alike ... makes boys feel like a working man very nice product
great set , very reasonably priced , all the colors of the rainbow and about 93 more . we've gotten a lot of use from this set
all 3 of my boys aged 2-7 love playing on this set ! only problem is the net comes off very easily ...
great for our 2 and 4 year old kids . it is sturdy and well made . we use it inside and outside depending on weather . good product !
i purchased this for my daughter with sensory processing disorder to help her at school . she uses it daily and it helps calm her .
fisher price is always really good quality , and this set is very cute . the size of the burgers is nice , not too small .
my grandson is four years old , collects hot wheels and loved it.he was able to launch it , and continues to enjoy it .
my kids loves jake and the pirates and the boat is beautiful . great quality . i highly recommend it . the music is the same as the cartoon .
good rings ! bought for my 5 years old son , and he love it . he shared couple of them with friends and they love them too .
it looks and sounds very realistic . yes the play food that comes with it is way out of proportion but i didn't buy it for that .
my 7 year-old uses this in the car generally but only as i keep it there for him to help with long rides .
my son loves toy story so this was a big hit he carries it around with his other characters . it doesnt do much but it is still cute .
this is a great game to teach strategy . my family and i have already played it about it about a thousand times
my son was wanting this train to go with his other " thomas " trains and he could not be happier . he loves that it talks !
my grandson loved this set of cars . you can't go wrong with matchbox cars . i always chose their product for durability .
there is alot of places to put all the little animals . my gradughter loves to play with this it keeps her busy for a very long time .
this is an easy and super cool gift for almost anyone ! i'm definitely going to buy more of these . it looks more expensive than it is .
grandaughter loves playing rock star with this doll an loves playing dress up barbies never go out of style with little girls
this is the one for getting into that tight spot . nice transitioning chopper for around the house . keep it dry :/
my girls love this and it is so great to see them work and learn to handle items they can use the rest of their lives
fairly small but cool . the feet are way too big but i'm guessing they did that so it could stand on its own .
great product . i bought this with the game system and perfectly new ! works great . long cord too so kid can sit on couch and play .
this super game of yahtzee makes a superb gift for almost anyone . or , of course , you could buy it to play yourself . we did both .
really nice shoes that fit the american doll . my granddaughter will love these silver shoes that will fit the american doll .
this pool blows up easily . i like the shade it provides , and my daughter loves to crawl around in it .
this was a replacement for an idog that broke during a cross-country move . it is the perfect replacement . my son is very happy with it .
it's his fav and he still plays it everyday , recently got the expansion pack for it from the app store and he was thrilled
the new wii u was a christmas gift for my nephew , and he needed a game for it . this was a hit .
my four year old loves this game . it's worked well as a ' first board game ' for her . she loves playing it .
very sturdy , nicely made , attractive , needs extra cover to match or mattress with sheet set to seem more like a real bed set .
my 20 month old loves it wet or dry . perfect height for him . keeps him occupied outside while i get a few things done .
fun game for my 4 year old he really enjoys it and it's fun for us adults too so definitely can buy for older kids as well .
it's wood , its toby , it makes cute noises and sayings . my son loves this . it's durable and fun , what more could you ask for .
gave to my grandson for halloween . he collects and uses with computer . bat was cuter than i thought it would be .
this is a classic game and very fun . this set is a little smaller than i would have like and remember . the kids still enjoy it though .
great buy ! i purchased this as a gift and its a craft and coloring dream ! i would purchase this again
very pretty barbie collctor doll , well made , have many years in my collection , can't wait for the next one . good price & free shipping .
nice set . fits perfect in the doll house i have . i like how the doors open on the closet and have space for doll clothes
my grandson is so into thomas . he received a train table for his birthday . i got him this train for easter.he is very happy with this
we bougt 2 of these for our grandsons .. they both love them .. a great toy and made very well .. would recommend this item ..
nothing much to say for this product four year old likes it from star wars angry birds and its easy to clean .
kids love jake , cant go wrong with anything jake and neverland ! lol , durable and seem up to the challenge of a 5 year old ! lol
my son loves it . he keeps it in my refrigerator though lol . the doors don't close correctly , one stays partially opened .
perfect game for travel with a young child . even though my son is a little too young to grasp the memory concept - the pictures are great !
my son got this for christmas and loves it ! it is high quality , as are all of " lego " brand toys .
only wish there were more toy story tag books , as my kids love each and every one of the movies
helicopters are a favorite at our home . kids love to watch it go around , light up and like the tunnel to park other things .
my daughter loves her new doll . but the box was pretty bent up when i got the order .
these dolls are so pretty . they have beautiful eyelashes . my daughter loved this doll in particular . very nice barbie's . great purchase .
this reminds me of my childhood & i think every little kid should have one . these are simply soothing to children . would order again and again !
perfect number of pieces ... even has mommy hooked on creating ! we will be buying legos for years to come i'm sure .
my 5 year old nephew loves this game . he plays this game more than any other game he has . worth buying .
was purchased as a gift for a 9 year old . she loved it as this character was her favorite . received it in plenty of time .
great quality and easy for the kids to open and close on their own . our 2 year old puts things inside the cans .
i love all green toys ive bought so far . these are great toys and hold up well to alot of abuse .
sometimes you want a variation to black and allow other colours too make the contrast . it gave more of a appeal .
i bought this for my three year old grand-daughter , and she was very excited to get cinderella with her tierra , and a ring for herself to wear .
got this for my 10 year old for her birthday to go on her cake as she loves unicorns and other mythical themes .
we bought this for our grand daughter , and she plays with it all the time . the ability to change it around keeps her interested even more .
kids just live this game . it's easy to play but be careful it does have small pieces one could choke on
this set is well built , and the monster is beautiful . you will love the set . these should sell out fast !
my son loves these legos ! this is a great set for little boys that love legos and trucks as much as my son does !
i was dissapointed when i opened the box the stuffed animal was too small . and i sent it back . so sad
i love this little dolly . she is so sweet looking and i have washed her in the washing machine and she came out looking perfect !
got this for my little sister , who collects them . she was very excited . we are still looking for the others .
the kids love them to shoot with their netflix boasters . of course they cants keep up with them so they do t last forever . i would buy again
bought for a 4 year old boy who loves tractors . he relly enjoyed playing with it the day i gave it to him . no complaints
another item with which i don't get the fascination , but since my grandson loves it , that's all i need to know ; fairly sturdy .
liked but didnt look as good as the picture but ok with it for the price of the item ok
i ordered this for a 12 yr . old granddaughter who likes to draw and design clothes . she really liked it .
my daughter loves the movie so i knew she would love the book . she likes to point her tag on all the pictures to find the hidden sounds .
great game and a solid value ! part of me wants to buy an additional core set for the extra tie fighters !
well-made , awesome size , almost better than the real thing.my boy loves the bruder trucks . plays with them a lot . good purchase .
i wanted to use it as a teaching tool , a little frustrating . maybe i will put it away for a few months .
great granddaughter loves hand puppets . my son has taken over this job at amusing her with different animal puppets . great ...
my son does the days of the week on it daily and hasn't lost interest in it 3 months later .
my son loves to play with his cook ware set . he loves to keep it in the kitchen and pretend he's cooking along my side
my boy liked matching the number with the objects . i like the ideas for building something other than a tall tower as i am not that creative .
i bought this for the kids i take care of . they love playing good guy / bad guy with it . will buy again .
got this for a prize . it is a fun game to play with all ages . the recipient sure enjoyed it .
this dress outfit is well made and comes with many accessories . it fits my 7 and 4 year old . happy with purchase
perfect for a 7 year old . does not break . but when using it for real , not so hot to trot .
my 4 year old great niece and nephew were very excited to receive this for christmas . i especially liked it because of the price .
best jumbo animals around . very sturdy for little fingers . has a lot of detail and large enough to make it worth the price .
my daughter was thrilled to see gil this morning ! he's a great size and looks just like the nick jr character .
i bought this for my little niece and she loves it . it even plays the little mermaid theme music , it's really cute
this glenn figure is the best . he comes with the gerber prodigy knife , which i happen to have myself ^ _ ^
my granddaughter is just starting to walk and this little walker is a big help ! she puts her " baby dolls " in it and pushes it around
this was a last minute gift for a birthday present and worked great into the carry case and other items .
my grand daughter loves her tea setthe cute basket keeps everything in place when not in usepetite , pretty perfect for the princesswould recommend
nuestra hija de 8 años esta encantada con esta muñeca y nos comento que es la mas completa en cuanto a accesorios se refiere
i would recommend this for girls 8 and up and they still may need a little help from parents . a great gift for a birthday .
my toddler liked this a lot . it's a cute toy and great for the environment , so had to get it ...
i got these blocks as a companion for the other set of spinaroos so she could make people . love these and so does she !
super soakers are my favorite type of water gun . this one delivers a powerful stream of water sure to drench your target ! no pump action required either !
it works great.it saves alot of money on batteries . no problems . its a good price . so far i am pleased .
my so just loved this and its cute he keeps asking for another one material was great its just a little bit small .
purchased these to go with my son's wheelies n ' loops and he absolutely adores it . gets played with daily with and without his amusement park .
the dress is hard to turn and velcro for a five year old pretty gowns either way though . crown stayed better than on other princess dolls .
very thin paint , doesnst adhere to the paper as well as we'd like but makes the youngin happy and i guess thats all we were after .
if you love him or hate him on the walking dead - this figure is perfect for true fans of the show .
real looking , great for displaying or play for my grandson who loves wild animals , it is not too small , true image is what you get .
i love how everything fits nicely into one little vehicle ; all of the " great vehicles " in lego's city theme sets are fabulous
my little one loves to carry his cars in this box . it fits a good amount , including the larger size disney " cars " die cast cars .
we always buy crayola . their markers , crayons , etc . are always the brightest and best and we're always satisfied with their products .
this is a great and fun card game with friends and with these expansion packs you just get crazier combinations .
this and other books help me to educate my child and to instill a spirit of learning is fun . recommended .
excellent to play in the bath or the pool . i bought one for my kid and one for a present and in both cases it was a success !
my granddaughter , age 6 , loves this and has her summer all planned out . very beautiful and great for her age .
i used these as a # 2 reward for potty training ( i didnt want to reward with food , she isnt a dog ) . it worked great !
this is a great looking figure that looks just like the original penguin from the batman series ! great quality figure .
the colors are vibrant and it's the right difficulty for my 3 1/2 year old . he has so much fun with his m & d puzzles :)
this is a great puzzle . the pieces are big and the picture is easy to put together . my three year old loves it .
i bought these barbie clothes for my great granddaughter for christmas . they are well constructed and i know she will love them .
we got the whole imaginext eagle talon castle and all the accessories . everything interacts with each other . it's really a neat toy and worth the money .
we purchased three princess dolls . our grand daughter loves to switch the clothes on all three dolls . all the clothes are inter-changeable as are the shoes .
not much to say , i use them for rifts , they seem to work fine , numbers are easy to read and all sides seem to be flat .
both my boys love it , it even has a special bane area ! ! small for the price but all imaginnext are and still worth it .
durable , easy to understand and set up , came with everything i needed and keeps my boys entertained on long road trips !
fast delivery . it's pretty straight-forward . good quality product for a reasonable price . my daughter has been enjoying this , along with all the other ponies .
arrived in good condition and on time . good value , toddler loved it . the large pictures you can tear out were perfect for little minds
my 2 year old son loves making noise with this . it is just the right size for his hand to hold .
the girls loved this at their campfire party . they felt like little rick star divas ! they all worked great fun .
gift for my grandson , he was elated when duncan came in the mail . he plays with him all the time . love's duncan .
bought for christmas for grand sons they like dinosaurs they are young so these are just there size to pack and to change shape great price
what a great product . i now have 3 in my house and my girls love to ' loom ' on a rainy day .
this cart is real perfect size my baby girl uses it daily she goes grocery shopping more then i ever will .
our grand kids love to play this game . it keeps them interested for a long time and sharpens their visual skills .
the stem came off the 1st day and had to be glued ( plastic epoxy ) ... but it has held up other than that .
this is another instrument that my grand kids like to play with . i buy them and my daughter hides them .
this is the only place that i could find mickey because all the local stores were sold out ... he loves mickey ana mommy loves the price
price of the wagon : $ 69.00 , watching my two kids enjoy the ride without fighting for space ... priceless.sincerely.wondermom .
perfect for our 9 year old grandson with a fantastic imagination . he loves it . good quality and recommended . very realistic .
decent quality for the price i paid ( not much ) . little boy has enjoyed flying dusty around with his other assortment of planes .
this is a fun game for all ages ! we play it with adults and our kids . we have a great time !
this is a classic toy that children absolutely love . toy is stable , well constructed , and a beloved favorite of the thomas line
my granddaughter absolutely loves this ice castle . it is well made , all pieces were of good quality . will recommend to others .
lego did it again , they captured the world of minecraft in lego form . my ten year old daughter loved this set .
this game is a hit with your friends . it is hilarious . it is definitely not for sensitive people ! good drinking game .
she's very sweet in person . love her boots ! love the way her hands and legs articulate , making for many posing options !
doll is great , problem with hair , totally can't do any thing with it , can't really brush it , makes doll look cheap and trashy .
grandson is into rokcs like gramma here and he loved this ! needs adult supervison if child is young or under 9-10 i think .
cute , easy family game . helps little ones with colors , matching , and counting . action cards are simple , and fun . would recommend .
interesting to use a few times but the novelty wears off . as long as their are new victims to amaze it is nice to keep around .
love the bear , nice and soft while still being substantaial . no complaints at all . all my children like him . great for bear collectors too .
my daughter loves these during bath time . they are very durable . had them for a few months now and no issues .
great lego set . my 6 year old loves everything batman . this made a great birthday gift and it was great fun to build together .
one of our faves ! our youngest always tries to get our remote , but this keeps him entertained for awhile . the little songs make him smile :)
one of my daughters favoite hoilday barbie's and she has about 16 years of holiday barbies . she just loves this one .
my 4 year old daughter loves dinosaurs , and this was a great xmas stocking filler for her . a good choice for dino toys .
i love collecting these items , they are so real looking . i'm a die hard " starwars fan " for sure . you will enjoy this ..
and that's all you can ask for . my daughter loves these plushes , and they hold up to her imagination . it is fun and well-made .
this doesn't stick much to dough , and it is the perfect size for my 6 - year-old to use when she is helping me bake .
it's exactly what it's supposed to be , not sure you can go wrong with it . it's a $ 20 download for $ 17 .
this is not my favorite lego friends set but my kids seem to enjoy it . instructions are fairly easy to follow .
we have about a dozen different sign a ma jigs in our house . this one is very cute and gets played with often .
granddaughter loves this , got and kept her attention . easy to use and she loves it . great for pack and carry .
i like m & d puzzles ( just not their # @ ^ % rack ) and this one was no disappointment . details are fun , colors bright .
bought this for my nephew for christmas & he loved it the playskool ones are easy for toddlers to transform & they are a nice size
you can't go wrong for the price.these would be ideal for a 1 or 2 year old.seems a bit small for any child older than that .
great accessory to have with your childs leappad , and other leapfrog items . saves you money on batteries in the long run .
lots of fun . great value . the landing rails are quite weak and may break after a bit . but it flies fine without them .
i am not sure who loves legos more , my daughter or my husband . the stables is a great addition to the friends ' series .
perfect for our cake and a great toy after ! ! our four year old labeled it " the most beautiful cake ever ! "
i can't stop laughing whenever i play this game and each update makes it better and better . more and more packs !
my little 7 year old loves all these sets . they are great fun . i love getting them something that makes them think .
my grandsons love this and can't wait to try it out next summer to catch bugs at grammi's house.seems like a nice little kit for little kids .
schleich figurines are highly detailed , of excellent quality and can withstand hours of play . this particular figure is as pictured .
this game is like fast paced yahtzee where everyone goes at the same time . everyone who has played it with us loves it . kids and adults .
this game is really fun for kids learning to read sight words . it's easy , fun and kids can play it without any help , which i love .
this was a xmas gift to grandson , he loved it and did not have a problem with assembling it ... so i would purchase more ..
i like these little very colorful cars ! they are a lot of fun . the cost was great for all 12 of these .
this is a must have for those train fans who travel with their sets . the shed can hold about 10 trains inside to travel when folded up .
my grandson is in love with this toy , so is his sister . we may have to get another one to stop them from fighting over it !
this is a great piece for a mythology collection . very durable and authentic looking . any kid is sure to love this one !
if you have children who like legos and motorcycles , they will like for this to be part of their city set .
my son loved this for christmas . cute and very easy to play with . my daughter loves to play with the car too !
i am a collector of this series and this is a great addition to my collection . still in the box . looks great in my room .
my grand daughter loves it most are great for her ability otherswill take time . she loves giving shows and i have fun showing her the tricks ,
i liked this toy when i got it but my grandson loved it . lots of fun hours doing the pictures . recommend it highly .
hot wheels cars . great as always . no complaints . my 2.5 year old son loves them . they are very durable and solid .
who doesn't love the movie and the minions ? i'm so glad i bought it . we all enjoy listening to him .
this is a bigger set than i though and i was pleasently surprised . great quality . always very happy with melissa & doug .
fun colors , fun shapes , good quality . my kids use them to attach them to the bracelets they make . the colors are nice and bright .
these are the best mosaics i've ever seen for boys ! the stickers are textured which adds to the quality . very pleased with these .
my kids have a great time " cutting " thier own food in thier kitchen . i will be buying more sets like this from hape .
this doll is very realistic looking and well made . it was well priced and my granddaughter liked getting it for a gift .
this piano is well made and durable . it has bright colors and a variety of sounds that will keep a toddler busy and entertained .
choice of foods left something to be desired . bologna ? reeeeally ? ! perhaps having a choice of healthy foods for the giver to select would be nice .
my 7 yr old son loved it . its flexible it moves . not too small .. good size . it was a good xmas gift .
grandaughter loves the doll especially the hair . easy to transform , has few small accessories to lose . represented well by packaging .
my youngest loves her older sisters corolle baby doll so much that we got her this one for her 1st birthday .
good quality item . fast shippingas pictured and detailedgood for kidsnice productgood for b-day or christmas . niceexpensive but worth it
great detailing and looks very durable . i bought these for my 6 year old nephew so we'll see how they do !
as usual , mcfarlane makes the best action figures . this one is no let down to the series ... michonne would be proud ! ! !
one of our favorite coloring pads for our little one to use . one of many great coloring pads made by crayola !
this is in our pool for over a month with no problems . a little hard to stay on the top of it however .
the coins ' size and color are mimicking the real one.very good tool for 2nd grader to practice money math .
my teen daughter loves ( by loves i mean is obsessed ) foxes . this was a perfect addition to her collection . very cute and soft .
she is really great and nice as alll monster high dolls ) the suitcase and the boots everything is perfect ! thank you
this is a great set for the american girl dolls . quality is excellent and was a great purchase during the olympic season .
my kids played with these at a friends house and loved them so santa made sure to get each of them a pair of their very own !
this toy was fun for 10 minutes , then it just took up a large amount of floor space . i returned it to the store .
it is okay .. i was drinking when i bought this and did not realize that it was from the comic series . still , it is all right .
i like the pump that comes with these because small children have problems blowing up long thin balloons . they can blow the balloons up with the pump .
these finger puppets are great for pirate fans . they're very cute and fit adult fingers . easy to clean as well .
if someone in your life loves scibblenauts.they will this one batman and superman join you in your adventure it's wonderful
colors are bright and easy to use . lots of fun ! we purchased them with the books that go with them . very educational and fun
i bought 2 of these for my nephew and my niece . both 8 and 4 years old . they are huge fans of star wars .
my sister wanted for her daughter the all packet little princess so i decided to get this one for my niece's birthday . it was perfect
super fun track set from hot wheels . perfect for my 6 year old grandson . yes i would definitely recommend it !
this is a very cute line of toys and the children love them - i gave it as a gift so i am sure they enjoy it a lot .
kids love it and can do it themselves . i thought the puppet would be larger . plenty of fun though for them .
fresh 1080p graphic unlike nintendo and m $ toys . this game is so much fun . you get the beat people up and stuff
this is a good gift for girls who like princess things . we are glad that we got this for our grand daughter .
my 4 year old loves this tool set . the drill and the drill bits are the bomb . great gift idea !
bought the sr for my 6 year old ( christmas 2013 ) , he loves it . shoots it in the house and outside . lots of fun .
my son loves this . cozy and comfortable in the car , makes for a easy nap anytime your driving . also holds small toys to take along .
these are a big hit and i think they will last a long time . good construction ! cars look great too
yes , this puppy is adorable . such bright colors and great learning toy for the little one . my little grandson adores it .
this is a huge set , and it is much easier to put together than other . it's nice that there is multiple designs that you can use .
the kids enjoy playing with this gift , that speaks volumes for the item . the item was packed and shipped as advertised .
i bought this man because he carries a big gun . i am sure he will be a great addition the grandkids lego collection !
freaky fabulous ! probably my favorite mh character after operetta . this version is lovely and her skirt is awesome ! must have for any rochelle fan !
my daughter loved having ariel to go along with her klip klop play set . ariel is cute and so is her horse !
decent product but a bit overpriced for putty . does really work though and kind of cool to watch it form .
it's useful for colour sorting , sorting by type , fine motor , instruction-taking , turn-taking . it's been very useful for therapy for my son .
my 3 & 4 y / o love play-doh & all the fun tools to make cool things out of it ! keeps them entertained everyday !
this was hit with the kiddos . decent quality for a good price . will be getting a lot of play in this house .
we have had more fun with this tea set . the sounds are so realistic and the memories we are making are priceless !
when my granddaughter opened this present her eyes light up and a huge smile came over her face . what more could a grandmother ask for ? judith
the jacket fit perfectly on the doll . the fur at neck make it official . has pocket like the real thing .
she . loves it and plays with great toy ever day great toys too many words too many words to many wods
every kid in my family has one of these and they are wonderful . the books are nice and we havent had a tag system break as of yet
love these little hanging fairies ! ! look so cute and makes the room so pretty with the beautiful colors ! daughter just loves them !
i was looking for lego for my baby . but i like this little tree house . so i buy it for myself .. lol ..
granddaughter wanted for christmas . you can't get her out of the tub now . if she love's it so do i
this soft cute toy is a favorite for my grand daughter to sleep with and carry around . very lovable expression .
my 3 year old grandson likes using the colored wooden shapes to make the puzzles.we talk about squares and triangles , while he makes the pictures .
this set is great . my son loves all the lego gold mine sets . the price was great too , a lot less then the department stores .
i need more cards with horrible answers and questions in them because i laugh at the suffering of nice peaceful people ..
my son loves to color and i love that the paints don't work unless it's on the paper . especially since he loves to color on walls ! great !
she is not great at playing with the " airport " track itself , but loves to push the button on these little vehicles to learn the songs .
i'm sure they were well received as the gift to the children i gave them to and so that is about it .
this is the best toy for my sons of those that i purchased along with it through amazon . it's heavy but so cool that you never notice the weight
we were satisfied with the tub of lego bricks . my 4 grandchildren used them to build free style structures . thank you .
cute , soft , plush pet . great to play with and see online . would recommend to kids , or those who like to play games online .
my 18 month son loved this toy from the first day . he keeps playing with it several times a day .
this set is for 6-12 year olds . my boy loved it , but i think a girl would like it too . i recommend it .
the wings fold nicely into a " skirt " ( the backside isn't covered ) and my daughter loves it . it's quite pretty as well .
before , playstations , and nintendos , there was the " water games " . i purchased these little games as stocking stuffers and they were a hit ! !
it came on time . it charges correctly.it does what is intended to do . i gave it 5 stars cause i do not have complain .
daughter love's these dolls . one of her favorites ! ca cupid has really creative clothing and outfit colors . my daughter loves the black and pink .
again a well built truckvery similar to the old tonka metal trucksvery durable and well madeexpensive but work it
this shape game is great for the little one my daughter loves it and has fun learning her shapes with this game / board
fit daughter's american girl doll well . she loved them . these are a great accessory for ag dolls for the price .
simple castle model to build ... possible to combine 2 more sets to enlarge the castle walls and do a " backdoor " for it :)
i am very happy with this outfit for my grandaughter's doll . she doesn't have an american girl doll now but when she gets one this will fit .
the posture and those teeth ! it needs to be bigger to match the scale of the others figures , but it's really good !
little ones cant reel it up , so adults that have to reel it up every 15 seconds will throw it away
the doll arrived well within the estimate , and packed perfectly . i love displaying this trio of fearleaders together . i just wish i could find slo-mo !
figure play set is great for children that watch the tv show . hours of fun for kids . product is great !
my 4 year old is a cars freak and enjoy this alot at first but there seems to be limited appealed to this toy . but it well made .
these were very hard to use because they are so flimsy plastic and not made very well . the toy itself is not child durable that's for sure .
there are lots of clothes in this package but not very high quality . lots of strings and unfinished ends but the granddaughter likes to dress her dolls .
a little small , and don't really fit a finger . but creative playtime will be achieved with this assortment of puppets .
my daughter loves this kit she plays with it everytime she plays school with her cousins , nice quality , good school based things to play
the lack of a figure killed the other . if you have to have the vintage collection box then buy it - otherwise look for other versions .
not my favorite ranger . in fact i hated tommy . but i needed him to complete the collection and that's what he does . and in flawless detail .
both grandsons spend lots of hours playing with thomas , percy , james and the rest of the gang on this railroad !
this is cool item that operates via the more light hits the vanes , the fasterit spins . great item to have on your desk
my daughter loves this ! ! she loves all the animals , sounds , numbers , songs , etc . lots of fun and educational , too . perfect !
good quality plastic and even better economical price and we got it quickly shipped to us .. what more can i say ? ?
my 4.5 just isn't into this book , she prefers her other " character " books . we'll give it another go as we get further into the year .
this is one in the 6 sets that we have from the angry birds collection . great game , better for the eyes than the ipad .
way better than expected ! this is very well made and when well with the beatrix potter easter basket i made for my 2 year old grandaughter .
bought these tennis shoes to go along with cheerleader outfit . what a cute combination ! ! they fit the american girl perfectly and for a great price .
a great accessory that allows most magnifcent several hours of fun with the video game console and enjoy this great experience for development of the skills
i purchased this doll for a needy child who requested it . i thought it was cute and liked the size of it for a young child .
my three granddaughters ( ages 2,4 , 6 ) really enjoy this tent . it sets up quickly , packs up compactly , and is great fun in service .
there is something about these that just begs you to play . young and old seem to be enticed into touching it .
finally a stroller that looks real and is a reasonable price . a christmas present so i am hoping my little grand daughter is going to love it .
needs to be a little heavier . wants to upset when nozel in removed from pump also , the noise is very quiet
these finger puppets are so cute and so my fun to play with ! my son loves them and we enjoy putting on shows .
ordered to do crafts and activities with my children . a half pound is a lot of pompoms ! good variety of sizes and colors . great value !
after reading the reviews of different duplo sets , i selected this one to go with the large green base plate . thanks for the great advice .
i bought it for my 7 year old and she hasnt even opened the box . so i guess it is not that interesting
i also purchased this as a gift and the directions for this to transform it were just as bad as the cycle , it was not easy at all .
we got this for our granddaughter for her first christmas , when they put it . together she played with the toys on top .
i bought it for my 4 year old to do . it would have been nice had it been much larger .
woody is a great toy for the toy story lover .. my daughter takes her woody everywhere ! he looks just like the woody from the movie .
bought it as a gift for a grown up starting gardening . she loved it . cute and good quality for the price .
kens car came in yesterday ... whooo hooo ! ! looks very sporty and cool ... ken will be so handsome driving barbie around christmas morning . thanks ! !
fantastic educational tool . babies like watching the gears as the develop hand / eye coordination and my seven year old is still enjoying the unlimited possibilities
my kids enjoy playing this , it can get a little messy , but they seem to enjoy playing the game with it .
balloons break or have holes in them . bio may not be the way to go .
these weebles are very cute-i love the details that go into their different looks and activities . weebles are among my daughter's favorites !
this was a birthday gift for our 3 year old . this is a great educational toy , but my son just isn't that interested in it .
this ernie doll is the best i have ever seen . it is the perfect size for my 2 year old son .
great addition to my daughter's collection ! these are so much cuter than the old school ones when i was a kid , my daughter loves them !
these fit the american girl doll very well . they were purchased to go with the doll's cheerleading uniform and work nicely .
great price great quality . a product good for any toddler that is safe and sturdy . a must have for every child .
my daughter loves these brands of puzzles . they are great quality and well worth the money . i will be getting more for her !
we got this for christmas for our 3 kids , but our whole family loves to play it . very entertaining game ! ! recommend for all ! !
great christmas gift along with the storage drawers . she was very excited , started playing with it the very next day . glad i got it .
it's legos . they are kind of expensive these days but at least with this one you can make 3 different things .
it was a little confusing for the kids to understand . would have been better to by some other game . so
wow did my little guy love this , he still hugs it at night and the soft glow was just right not too bright and the music so soothing
we got this for our son for christmas . he loves puzzles and is into spiderman right now , should be a win win .
bought this as a gift for my nephew a few years ago and he really liked it . lots of fun
swiper no swiping . my daughter didn't really like him at first but she warmed up to him . i think probably because he swiped everything on tv .
i bought these to use as cake toppers and they were perfect . not a great toy as they fall apart easily .
these are fairly nice blocks but as others have commented , some blocks still well together but most just kind of fall apart .
i bought this for my 4 yr old daughter who loves princesses . she's read the story & played the games over & over again .
my 4 year old got these for christmas and he loves them . they do actually work which is pretty cool .
my 5 year old loves this game and can play for hours nonstop . this game has helped her learn many things
my son picked this out . he had wanted a plush multi-headed dragon / creature . he really likes it ! great fabric and details !
it's a barbie ( smaller as it's barbie's little sister ) with a horse and hair decorations ... what's not to love for a little girl ?
mostly for very , very small children.my 6 yr . old played with it a couple times but not for long . seems sturdy and well made however .
my niece got this doll for christmas and loved it ! she was super stoked . awesome to collect or play with . good quality .
i bought this bunny as a birthday present for my three year old nephew . he took to it immediately ! such a soft and charming bunny .
my 2 1/2 year old enjoys this and it teaches her at the same time . feel it was a good purchase overall .
these rockets are great . but , like all stomp rocket rockets , the blue tails are easily pulled off . it's nice to have extras .
you can simply buy a simple chain necklace from dollar tree for $ 1 . it's less material , but it's durable none the less .
this was a christmas gift for two of my grandsons . they are both having a lot of fun with it ! it came promptly and nicely pkg .
great for easle work or any place the kids want to do art products . well made product , stands up to most art forms .
these things are so cool ... not a fan of the stickers ... they are tiny ... but still love the item
my son bought all four of the switch and go dino smaller toys with his own money and loves them . prefert for a car and dino lover
this doll is really neat with her pink hair . my niece and her friends in thailand will enjoy playing with her and the other monster high dolls .
i bought these for my 4 month old son . he never seemed interested in these at all . product is as described .
bought only 6 pair and had to buy more because everyone loves them ! seniors and children alike love to wear these !
brilliant building toys that even parents will love . my four year old loves these and plays with them for hours . he never loses interest in them .
perfect for the kids ! hard to break and easy to fly . can fly it in doors and not worry about breaking anything or anyone getting hurt .
bought this as a gift for my 6yr old nephew and the look on his face was priceless ! he loved it ! great price at $ 18.99 !
this dress is so beautiful and well made that i cannot stress it enough . i have never bought a better gown for a barbie .
we are eating a lot of plastic food these days happily prepared by our 2 and 4 year old grandkids
i like the fact that the lids can be removed . my granddaughter enjoys playing with them and removing the lids .
my kids can spend hours playing with this thing . not many more words to say about it beyond their enjoyment .
this was purchased to accompany my son's train table . very well made train , bright colors ... he likes it and plays with it a lot .
my 18mo old son loved the puzzle . great jumbo knobs easy for him to handle . he was able to do it without me .
got this for my daughter she likes it the only thing that i think it is missing is a regular hand held magnifying glass .
i wondered how in the world hasbro could combine bop it and tetris , but they did--and did it well . kids were immediately hooked and so was i .
adorable doll she is little enough to play with for younger children and have the big sister with her . love it !
this was a great dress came with shoes the only thing i would have put it with pink or white shoes
was a christmas gift for a friend's son , she was very happy with the gift . during hoildays used prime and it was so quick !
just like the supermarket ones .. my grandaughter loves it.took her grocery shopping and got alot of comments and people loved it
these are great . they fit all the nurf guns we own . the extra darts come in handy when you have the whole neighborhood playing together .
smaller than i expected . they work but are very small for little hands . good value just not what i really expected or wanted .
the idea is really good but catching the bugs underneath is tricky . magnification is good . some concern about the strength of the light .
extremely annoying hearing this doll sing all day but my child loves it and it was ultimately for her . a little pricey in my opinion as well .
schylling musical hand bells was a purchase for the " toys for tots christmas toy drive . i never saw them .
i think emily is a quality toy . my son loves it . i would recommend this to anyone who enjoys thomas and friends .
very sturdy , fun and helps hand eye coordination ( in children and adults ! ! ! ) one of the best toys we ever bought .
my daughter loves this toy . everything seems to be decent quality . the pump works well and it is way to use .
great toy , it has been in full sun for over two years and still looks like new . our daughter still loves it after two years of play .
perfect for my 4 - year-olds soccer . he needed some shin guards , and i was able to use this .. under or over socks .
i love rocks and so does my little sister ! i'm getting this as a stocking stuffer . i know she will enjoy it .
gave this as a gift to a 6 year old for christmas and he loved it ! ! ! he had so much fun playing with it .
had this game as a child i love it my kids loved 8t as well i get the newer version when they come out with it great game family game
this is a new toy , but we are looking forward to many hours of fun and learning in this toy .
the toy is made with fisher-prices detail for play qualities . my grandson will love this.it will be a christmas gift .
once again another home run for mattel , these batman classic tv are going to be highly wanted in the future .
this is a great size engine for small to medium model rockets where you're not trying to put them on the moon .
my son takes it everywhere and it keeps him occupied at home when i'm either cleaning or / and cooking thank you
this device is a must have for the leapster . saves tons of money in batteries .
i bought these for my grandson's birthday party and they worked wonderfully in the gift bags . the children ( and even some adults ) loved them .
this omnitrix is good , perfect paint , but this omnitrix is too big but is cool i'm a collector of ben 10 omnitrix
lighting mcqueen car is the size of a quarter just an fiy . the truck is very but my son likes it .
just the game we as a family have wanted and now are able to play with family and with friends .
this is another great game . my grandsons love games like this so this was an easy find for christmas gifting !
bought for another grandson , brother to the dinasaur . he , too , was enthralled with connecting the parts to make a scorpion . thanks
this toy is fun for my grandchildren ... they are active and love to crash it into other things ... held up well and made them smile
my grandkids spent lots of time balancing the eagle on their fingers , toes , noses , and elbows . it is a fun little toy .
new game that is a complete hoot ! the more players , the merrier ! i bought all of the extra sets as well . very pleased !
this is an awesome playset , my daughter loves it ! she got it for her birthday . its really well made and i highly recommend it .
my son received this over a year ago and he still plays with it on a daily basis . we purchased more track pieces to go with it .
my son loves this game . i was helping him with it and found myself caught up with it . great game for learning
this is cool i love the accessories and how she's so fine she is a lower price than venus buy it now
my 4 year old granddaughter , has really enjoyed playing with this magnetic dress up toy . durable .
my son loves this nerf blaster ! he loves the disks and how the blaster looks . it is very unique in look for sure !
great starter guitar for my 7 year old . beautifully crafted and sounds great . he's already been fiddling around on it . time for lessons
another item on the birthday list . received this right after i ordered it and it will make my grand daughter very happy .
love this product . great deal . my 4 yr old loved this gift . gave him more darts than he knew what to do with .
easy to install & easy for little girl to use . my daughter loves taking her baby on a bike ride with us
these are really cool dice . they are fun to use for games . some are not the standard one through six dice .
we gave this as a gift and they loved it . it was really nice and assembled perfectly for trading and i guess some were some great cards .
great for kids . heavy enough to beat the wind , but not too hard to catch . great for kids , but fun for adults .
i got this for my nephew for christmas and he really loved it . seems easy for little kids and yet fun enough for older ones
if this is the game you need ... buy because doble the price of the original oe , do not think it is a better quality .
this lego toy has a artic batman , and of course mr . freeze with his charasteristic big gun , and some help to batman aquaman
lots of fun for my three and five year olds ! they were fighting over who would play with it next ! ! !
we purchased this for our 2 year granddaughter who lives with us . she plays with them every night in her bath . she loves them .
this is a tiny wagon but totally ' the little red flyer wagon'our granddaugher uses it for her dolls and its adorable .
i am a day care provider and i bought this for my day care children . the kids really enjoy playing with them .
the toy is very famous for the babe , i bought it and it really can help babe to sleep and stop crying some time
this game is a classic and can be used with picture cards before each turn or as a way to practice turn-taking .
i love all of these characters , and so does my daughter . this is all very creative , and she is learning to write her letters pretty quickly .
got it for gift , it had the little extras which i thought was great . it was so cute with napkins and cloth ..
i was looking for a fun , interactive toy for my 2 year old thomas the train loving nephew and this was perfect !
gave it to my nephew for b-day present . he loves it . not sure about durabilty , but for the great price--worth the educational value !
my toddler and baby like this stuffed spiderman . it is pretty large and spends alot of time on the floor being layed on .
love these smaller star wars lego sets as they are still fun to put together but not as time consuming .
gave it to my niece . i was jealous . really nice sound from a " toy " . well made . would purchase it again .
my daughter can play with it alone for a hr , its cute colorful and keeps her busy . one of her favorites
my niece says she really liked her christmas gift . she's keen on becoming a fashion designer and her eys lit up when she opened this gift .
challenging enough to keep you interested to the end of the build , but not so hard that you want to give up .
my twin toddlers love sorting and stacking and it keeps their hands and minds busy . mommy really likes that . i recommend this item .
my baby has loved this ever since she was 1 ... she turns it on and puts on little shows for us . definitely a favorite .
my nephew says they are comfortable but not very loud . the matched his tablet good and they looked nice and are light weight .
this has worked well for us for over 2 years now . saves constant battery changing so it pays for itself .
just got this today and it's already a hit . colorful and easy to handle for a 1 1/2 year old .
good quality toy . these seem to get little scratches on them easier than thomas trains , but i believe that is more due to the boxy shape .
i love paying this game with my grandchildren and they love it too . it's a great way to spend time with the grandkids
my blooming magician is lovunv this , he is 6 and is found well with the trucks , very fun . lots of parts though so be prepared !
love cant wait to buy my nxt one i got it for my 4 year old son he he loved it lots of stuff comes with it
it says for older kids but my 3 yr old loves it and will play for 30 minutes at a time which is no easy task !
there are fun , work as they should and would make fun little party favors . the rubber bands that hold the lights on do tend to stretch .
my daughter absolutely loves this set . the magnets work great , and theres an awesome selection of clothes to put on them .
these are on display in my four year old grand daughter's room and she is proud of them and will show them to everybody who comes into her room
i bought this as a present for my eight year old grandson . he loves legos , so it was a great hit .
this is so cute and so well made . we all loved it and it was perfect for my grandson's firefighter birthday !
works only with crayola color wonder markers . no more writing on the wall ! great for preschoolers ! just what i ordered .
hot wheels cars are quality . the colors and materials are much better than matchbox ... which we had been buying . hot wheels only from now on .
this is a fantastic beach ball . it's big as the picture shows . great ball for beach volleyball . so far it's been holding up well .
this is a great game and can be played with a wide range of ages and spelling abilities . i highly recommend it !
love the room accessories for the loving family doll house and so do our granddaughters ! makes for many hours of fun play !
great choice for my 2 year old . she loves it ! ! she even sits on it and watches tv . great purchase . well worth the price .
gave this to my neighbors son as a birthday gift and he absoloutely loved it ! it seemed pretty durable as well .
great for my grandson , not to small , good size and stabliity.will put with other legos for village at sea side
this is so much fun for even my 3 year old . the magnets are strong and the whole family has fun with it . i recommend !
kids played awesome initially and loved it .. it does get kids excited and keep them busy for hours , also good for playdates .
love that it also came with a railroad crossing piece , saved me from buying a separate one for my son's train set .
my hubby is big kid at heart and he was totally happy with it . as matter of fact its become part of living room décor
the stickers pealed off within one day . very cheap and was never used by my kids . i would not recommend .
my kids really liked this toy and still play with it . it is pretty elementary and my daughter loves telling me the shapes and colors !
bought this for the grand kids to play with while here and they have the best time with very little mess ! great stuff ! thanx !
we bought this for my young cousin and his mom says he plays it regularly . of course jake the pirate comes first .
my grand children are making things out of these rubber bands like crazy . now they can make even more and have more fun !
we purchased this cat for our daughter and she loves it ! the colors and details are great . highly recommended . the fur is soft and cuddly .
this tool box is of pretty good quality so far . just a little smaller than expected but overall it's pretty decent .
this balloon popped as we put air in it , a big hole that we couldn't reseal . what a disappointment , particularly to my 2 year old .
sweet little hedgehog . so small , it fits in my son's hands perfectly . we have four folkmanis puppets and love them all very much .
perfect for my 3 year old grandson.my grandson loves this . it helps him learn how to measure with his pawpaw 1
i was very surprised in the quality of this vegetable garden , its real wood and seems to be very durable . thumbs up plan toys !
daughter loves this stuff . the stores don't carry a lot of different ones . this one i have not seen anywhere .
my kids both love this and played with it for so long ! it's great for when they start walking and even for a while after !
cute game but difficult for my six year old to play . the things to describe are difficult - toothbrush , bed , etc ...
quoting my five year old son " i like the way that she bends , she is tough but still very agile "
i returned these . they are way too small . got the bigger one's and they are a hit ! i'd say go with the bigger size .
my 7 yr old granddaughter has wanted an etch a sketch for some time now . i finally got her one for christmas and she was so happy .
small containers of play-doh but worth the price . i thought they would be the full size . would still buy again .
my 5 year old really enjoys this . it works best on hard floors . great for smaller kids . would recommend to anyone .
it is well made with strong magnets . our 11 month old sits by the frige and loves it .
my 4 year old does not really play with this buy is a great buy i think very cute toy and they do many things
a perfect gift for a child almost two.it hastens the development of eye hand coordination . i'm so glad i have a child to enjoy it .
my older daughter is 8 years old , she loves mh dolls , robecca is pretty , she loves this doll . her pet is really cute too .
i looked everywhere for something like this kitchen and this one is the best for the price . really great looking and well made .
like most mcfarlane toys this one is well detailed and high quality . i gave it as a gift so i cannot say much beyond that .
bought this as a gift . brings back memories ! really a great product and a good price . i would recommend this for kids or adults .
left these under a grow light for a couple hours to try to super charge them , but they barely glowed at all .
my husband and i have played this game every night for about a week now . it's up there with pandemic and small world as favorites of ours .
one of my son's favorite toys . replaced it twice after it broke . since he's gotten his own laptop computer , he has not missed it .
i bought this doll for my granddaughter for christmas . she loves the monster high dolls , so i knew i couldn't miss with this one .
this was a real big hit for my son we got for his birthday . he loved it . very cool toy . would buy others
i like this little guy . sturdy and fun . came fast . i like all of the funko products.never had a bad one from them .
i bought this gift for my 6 year old nephew . all i can say was that he called me the coolest aunt ever ! yay !
i brought this to our neighborhood bbq . the kids loved it . i just wish i could get my own son to go near it ...
my grandson loves this over all of his other bath toys . i would recommend this for any child that loves thomas the tank and loves bath time .
i bought this bench for my granddaughter who likes to mimic her daddy in everything , especially when he is using his hammer .
my son looks forward to putting his magnets on his completed responsibilities each night . had to put aside some magnets though as there are a ton .
we purchased this for our granddaughter , delilah , a huge monster high fan . she loved it and it was a very good price .
this item is exactly what i expected . my grandson loved it . install is required but is quite simple . i would recommend it .
great product . arrived unharmed . no sticks of chalk were broken . my child loves these for her chalk board ! i recommend it !
we have spent hours playing with this toy with my son . he absolutely love sit , it works well in size with the imaginext line of super heroes .
the box is sturdy and so convenient for storing all of the pieces . the instruction / idea book has great ideas and is easy to follow . perfect !
this is the one game my grandson would play . and to know it was made by a child makes it so clear why its a winner !
very realistic i grand daughter will not go close to it.very sturdy but kind of complicated to screw the rocker .
the snap circuit is great for children to learn the basics of using electricity and learning how to make their own circuit .
very durable and vivid colors , perfect for my three year old son , that is if my five year old daughter ever lets him play with it !
within 2 days of arriving , the gel pad saved our grandson's leap pad . looks like it will be getting a workout !
i purchased these with a nerf n-strike flip clip refill , nerf n-strike tactical vest and my grandson loved all of it .
very durable , great pinball machine . i wasn't expecting it to be this great ! boys love it , great for travel and entertaining them ! very pleased !
i got two of them and they were a hit . both girls loved them and the extras they could use in the virtual world .
i bought this for my grandson who is two years ols . he love sesame street and all the characters . he loves playing with it .
they really glow in the dark ! my kids really enjoy them because they are good quality , do not break easily and glow in the dark as advertised .
the kids really love using this game in therapy . requires visual memory and the ability to copy simple sketches . very fun .
my godson loved this ! when he came in on christmas he went right to it and wouldn't open his other gifts because he was having so much fun !
more variety , more unique choices . if you are ready for more dominion cards , seaside is one of the best expansions .
kids ages 5 through 12 tested and approved . only caution , advise those wearing it not to look anyone directly in the eyes ouch !
we bought this for our grandson . i haven't gotten to play with it yet . but from what my daughter says this is awesome ! !
very small pieces though , calls for experience lego architect . in general , these sets are fun for my granddaughter and may appeal more to girls than boys .
i bought these cars as pinata filler , they come individually packed which i loved , since in the pinata they could get damaged . they are cute little cars
works okay . using for night 5k . to glow on skin . kids really like this stuff . seems to come off ok .
we continue to be impressed with the quality and quantity of playtime fun the maxim dollhouse provides . highly recommend for both boys & girls .
i bought this for my daughter and she loves it , the figurines are the perfect size for her doll house .
purchased for a gift for a 7 year old ! she really wanted a orbeez for christmas and said that this was super cool !
just a great idea to keep those sun rays off the kids . love it love it love it and your kids will as well
some of them were brokensome of them arrived with the light already on , so battery died quicklythe rest were great fun and have lasted a month already .
there are 7 yellow , 7 red , 7 blue , 1 black maybe ( close to blue color ) , 8 green . there are no instructions .
this is the small beanie and so adorable . quality product and perfect for anyone that loves giraffes ! would highly recommend .
bought it for my son's party . i put heart-shaped balloons on sticks and kids love them . they also stay up longer than helium balloons .
my grandsons love to help take care of the garden & all the flowers . good thing they each have a watering can now .
my grandson likes the octonauts and the one brings much joy . we practice no weapons and fortunately this one fit the category .
very detailed , well-balanced toy . stands up on its own . even the teeth , claws , and eyes are painted with accuracy . highly recommended !
i got this for my first great niece and she loves it ! ! ! it was a great price and is built great too ! ! love it
perfect fit and really cute . a little hard to get on but once we did it was perfect . bought this for an 18 inch madame alexander doll .
loves this lunch box and the puzzel inside . she carries it around in the house like its a purse sometimes . very good value .
they look great and compared to hastings which sells 5 pieces for $ 18 dollars they are practically giving these away !
i call melissa & doug his santa's workshop toys . i have purchased many of their toys and have every intention of buying more .
a lot smaller than the other one if have in width but still good . my special needs son loves these .
my l ittle one likes this toy . no sharp edges . fun colors and fun to play with . makes cute room decrations .
the kids play with the birds more frequently as toys , than with this game . they got bored with it pretty fast .
okay , but gets sticky with a lot of use . maybe i expected it to be different . kids liked it until it got sticky .
i always get my dad & husband a fun gift for christmas & these were perfect ! they had a blast playing with them .
my son liked getting this for his birthday . they toys are small and well made . i would recommend buying this .
her room is so bright at night with those stars , glows really good , and stays on it as well . im happy with the purchase .
my nephew just wouldn't leave it . they were just 3.5 so did not quite understand the tooth part but they still did it !
fun product , not really that easy to use for the toddler but does make noise and has colors what more could you ask for .
these little ducks are super cute ! ! i gave them as gifts / stocking stuffers , and everyone loved them ! ! too cute !
this thing fell apart almost instantly . cheap plastic with a giant sticker on it , they just don't make things like they used to .
the easter bunny brought these to my kids this year . nice alternative to candy . they also got some of the matchbox egg hunt cars .
this product didn't really work from the get go . after a short time it stopped twirling unless you made it spin . would not advise purchasing .
got this as a gift and nephew loves playing with it in the car and is really easy to wipe clean if something gets spilled on it .
cheap . fun . my daughter just needed an extra doll for her barbie house and this fit the bill . she's cute .
solid plastic product , just right size for small hands , goes along with the tv show . good for boys or girls !
this is a great value for a very soft , durable bunny . daughter loves it . can't ' go wrong with melissa and doug .
best 9 bucks you'll spend they are pointers swords wands ... endless fun ! uses them everyday and has duels on playdates !
this was so cute and fit perfectly on top of my daughters cake ! it was a nice size candle as well !
it doesn't work nearly as well as i had anticipated , but it is still very well liked by the kids .
my little liked the whole idea of having a checkbook like mommy and daddy and this was the closet thing that i could fine .
a darling , well made stuffed animal . a good quality for the price , too . two year old grand just loves it .
my three year old granddaughter likes this camera . she learned to use it immediately and loves to take pictures . it is a very nice toy .
my 8 year old likes to take this and play at restaurants while we wait for our food to be served .
my son requested large base plates on which to build forts and mountains . this was the largest i could find , and he seems pleased with them .
my adult daughter went crazy when she saw this . she loves frogs of any kind and even has frog tattoos . it's a nice size too .
my daughter loves the fisher price loving family sets , she has many others that she has gotten this christmas or add to her grand doll house
very nice to give as a gift . works great for younger children . the price was great . good for early learning .
i ordered the imaginext jail and the batcave . these characters will be a good addition . the fact that i'll have 2 batmans is good .
after blowing it up , it's really smaller than i thought it would be , the grandkids have not even seem interested
my niece just loved this set along with her my little pony lip gloss set . arrived in less than 2 days and she couldn't have been happier .
my granddaughter loves to play in water , any water . she loves this toy and will play in the tub until forced to get out . lol !
loves him , he was really a cute doll , very quality , seems all my grandaughters really wanted him , as they already had anna and elsa
what can i say ... my 7 year old penguin loving daughter is smitten with this adorable little guy ! it is really cute and really well made .
can't go wrong with this liitle item . easy for your kids to put together and of course easy for you just in case . e - 8
my son got this for his 1st birthday . he plays with it some but isn't overly impressed . maybe he will be as he gets older ?
my son uses this in his dress up and it is just adorable . it can be a magician's hat , a fancy guy's hat . . .
angry birds star wars 5 " plush - darth vader - thank you , the item fits well with my build a bear collection
its very durable , not dangerous for newborns and kids love it . it goes always on my baby's stroller . very well designed .
i added it to my dh9118 -26,2 . 4ghz 3.5 ch and it added more force to it and by having two batteries i flew it longer ,
my niece really had a lot of fun with this . the very next day her sister posted a photo of sunglasses that she made for her :)
just what we needed for playing grown-ups with a five-year-old . arrived without breakage ; good packaging . colors are pretty and coverage is good .
very nice and educational toy . my kid enojoys a lot playing with it . the voice is clear and it seems very durable . thank you
the sounds have a lot of static . my son does play with it , but he prefers the vehicle one over this .
love plan toys products , but this one is a fail . the pieces were very tiny and are definitely choking hazards .
my grand son loved it . is well made toy and i know he is going to have many hours of entertainment
i don't get it . it just doesn't work . not a single car made it through even the smallest loop . my four-year old lost interest quickly .
one of the older brain games for toddlers and one of the best . you can never go wrong with simplicity .
this is my 10 month old daughters ' favorite toy ! she is constantly playing with the star button and rocks side-to-side to the songs , highly recommended .
he's still getting the hang of it , but it looks just as described and it's the perfect size for him .
easy peasey for my 6 year old to open and close , hard for the baby to get in . no complaints .
one of his little goody surprises i keep on hand for his visits . he has played with this almost exclusively everyday since he received it .
my daughter loves this doll .. it is sturdy and takes a great deal of abuse from her . highly recommend this
my daughter loved it as it was not availible in sa and she noe has 40 in her collection of monster high dolls
i bought this set to include one can in treat bags for my daughter's birthday . great value and always a hit with the kids !
for the price i think it was worth the purchase . its just a silicone cover , nothing to complain about . it fit her leappad 2 well .
i love this game . there is no violence or offensive language and it encourages creativity . the price was awesome too ! ! !
i think these clips are the best . they hold nicely and lay flat on your wrist and don't get snagged on clothing by sticking up .
i purchased this for my grandson for christmas . he was thrilled to receive it . he hasn't stopped playing with it .
my son and i build and collect legos for a hobby . this is another great set ! look forward to more sets !
she wanted a hedgehog for christmas but this was the closest we could come.it is super cute ! she loves it even though it's not a real one .
our almost 5 year old loves all the ninja toys and spends hours playing with them . the brown bus is fun to go with the characters .
bought this item for my granddaughter she was very happy and satisfied with it ... would definitely purchase this item again thank you
so small i wouldn't not let my 2 year old or 3 year old play with afraid they will swallow pieces
our grandson 5 is tottaly into dinosuars . this was a great product because he is also into cars . buy it
my kids are collecting them . it does not have violence for my kids so i will continue buying this kind of toys for them
students enjoy using this tool for sensory breaks . it is very durable , easy to activate , and the students seem to enjoy it .
this is a must have for card collectors and zombie lovers alike . the artwork is great , each card offers a different bit of advice . love them .
this set is pretty good . for less than $ 1 a piece , it is a good toy for kids over 1 .
i purchased one for christmas gift for grand daughter and she loves it . i am buying more for her birthday .
i got this toy last christmas for my son who was 11 months and he still uses it at 21 months .. and it still works and together ! !
heatwave is a great rescue bot ! perfect for my 4 year old who loves the cartoon ! he is easy to transform in both directions !
this was for my grand daughters first birthday and she loves it . we got the same one for my other grand daughter last year
this is really cute . it is not too large and my 9 year old loved putting it together . great buy ! !
this is a great game for younger children . it promotes imagination and teaches descriptions of items . fun for all ages .
this was top on my daughters christmas list and she absolutely loves it . definately a hit and i would highly recommend .
my daughter had it all for christmas this year ! she loved her barbie car ... which will be complete now cause it goes well with her barbie house !
this is a great toy and my daughter has continued to love to play with it . the songs are pretty catchy .
the four-year-old grandson got a leap frog explorer ii from santa claus . the grandparents provided some extra games . what a fun way to learn ! !
this is our default present we buy for birthday parties for kids 2 and over . everyone loves it , from the kids to adults . so much fun !
these are great trains to go with the canyon train and track table . they fit great and the kids really like them
these are a fine set of stainless steel wax carvers . my only complaint was that the red sleeve that held them tidy was damaged from the tools themselves .
but when i finished , it made a happy home for lego family , the blockers.signed , the only individual to ever spend his social sec . benefits on legos
ordered for my daughter and she loved it . has played with it alot and wants to get her friend one too ! fast delivery and satified with it
i love this thing ! he moo's when he flies , it's great ! ! very fun to play with ! ! !
good product ... just that it is too long for my 17 months old little one.she loves it though .
i got dusty for grandson's birthday in november and added this to his collection for christmas . easy to use and durable .
my wife had to have this for her cars collection . he is an essential part of cars and is a must to a true collection . worth having .
these are put together very good . my daughters just loved them . they really are built good and heavy . they had fun playing with them .
these are perfect size photo prop for a toddler truck birthday theme . can't wait to use them with the kiddies
i purchased this for my grandson it goes perfect with his leapfrog books and his tag . i would highly recommend this for your leap frog system .
purchased as second year birthday gift for grandson . he loves to work in the yard with his daddy and will love this mower .
all you need to explore magnets in a preschool class . lots of choice and enough to keep a whole group happy at once !
my daughter loves monster high & this is just one more to her collection . she plays with them for hours .
a very fun game . i am not usually into games but i sure like this one . have had a lot of fun with it .
my 8 year old son loves this lego set it it is a great addition to his ever growing city .
when you get bored with the regular catan board game , add this on to make things more complicated and interesting .
have gotten many years of fun from this game . purchased toy story 3 for my granddaughter to play on flight from north carolina to california .
it's very cute but a lot lighter pink than the screen shows . looks washed out instead of bright . satisfied though .
this is second hand , but they seem to be wonderful ! its sure handier to pick and buy from amazon than the toy aisle at walmart !
this is a very nice cinderella doll . i purchased this to go with the transforming carriage and it was a great hit even the adults liked it .
i thought the item was kind of pricey but my son loves buzz . i really have no complaints .
my son and i collect the take along / take n play character trains . this was a great addition to our collection .
my 10 year old absolutely loves this toy , it is easy to use and very entertaining ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this thing is a pain . it doesn't pop back up when punched , is hard to fill and deflates easily . would not purchase again .
this is such a great idea for little brains ! my nephew is going to love it ! christmas can't come soon enough !
just as other reviewers stated , these dolls do not stand up and the heads often come off . i'm sick of seeing these decapitated dolls . skip this !
i bought this gift for my nephew and he really enjoys it and is just over 1 year old . i like how durable the toy feels .
or whatever else . there is a large variety and they are individually packaged so perfect to parties and such . good quality and easy to apply
kinda weird ... hard to hear the new voice . but kids loved it . it was on too 10 annoying toys this year ... nephews will love it !
this is one of her favorite movies so she was really excited to get the book . she loves her tag reading system .
this was a funny gag gift for my young son in law . i figure he'll have fun putting a few on the cars of his friends .
a very good buy . the characters talk in their voices as well as a cute story . i like how it also teaches numbers .
this set of furniture is very well made and nicely decorated . i wish they had a set for the generic , or " boys " castle !
one of her favorites , it's a go-to for her ! she'll open the book and dance to the little songs , etc . it's very cute .
these are perfect for small children to play with , very well made and darling characters of the original characters .
combines perfect with amscan monster high value pack hanging swirl decorations and monster high happy birthday banner , easy to use .
all the colors were true to the picture ! we've had some that show up more dull , but these were vibrant and beautiful !
it's okay - kids didn't care for it - kinda boring . lost all the pieces within a couple days . wouldn't buy again .
grand kids love the toys and easy to shop on line rather than go to the stores and fight the crouds
i'm sure this is a nice toy and is part of a set but do not overpay for it on there . same on amazon for letting this happen
i bought this for my daughter to help her learn her letters and she is loving them they are made of great quality and it will last many years
my grandson wore these to hallowe'en party at his school because he went as a soccer-playing zombie . he loved these socks .
this is a fun addition to any track layout and my son can easily " switch the tracks " an play choo choo s with this peice for hours .
this was purchased as a christmas gift for my almost one year old grandson . i hope that he will enjoy it .
i use this as a speech therapist and love it ! perfect for following directions and understanding emotions .
these small white tennis shoes are really cute ! we laughed and laughed with our granddaughter as she was lacing them up , trying them on her doll .
good compliment to the offroad wagon .. seems durable enough .. and my son can enjoy wagon time without too much sun . overall decent value
my son has enjoyed playing with this set . it is a lot of fun and offers several different things to do for younger children .
purchased for a four year old and their older brothers ages six and seven loved it also . the four year old could make it work and looked thrilled .
much smaller then it appears in the picture and bleeds colors everywhere . it got all over her ! we ended up chucking it .
i bought these for my nephew for his birthday and he loves them . he is only 5 but can easily use them and they are super lightweight !
i am a collector and love all the new dolls that come out and was glad to see this one so cheap and available .
the plates were perfect for my son's mickey mouse themed birthday party ! arrived in a timely fashion as well . thanks !
this is a classic 8 ball with the classic responses ... no need to check the reviews ... my magic 8 ball told me so !
i love this game . the expansion sets keep it from getting old . i just wish they were bigger and there were more of them .
this one is pretty cool . easy to use , big parts great for little ones to learn to work with tools .
great learning system if you can only keep the leapfrog connect up and running as it tends to crash on a regular basis .
granddaughter is currently obsessed with bunk beds so she willlove this one as she is hooked on calico critters
it is what it is which is what they wanted . cheaper than elsewhere so why not ? hope this finds you well !
excellent product and price would recommend and purchase from this company again good price and service .
for my grandson 2nd christmas . he wants a bike and so this is what i got him . excited for christmas .
stocking stuffer that my 7yo loves . she lays about in the bath for ages and this is just one of those odd things that was worth the purchase .
i got this for my toddlers play kitchen . it's perfect ! it has all the needed pieces and holds up well .
it's everything we hoped for for our first grandson . we ended up buying another for our 4th grandson . so tall and lifelike and kids love them .
2 year old granddaughter loved it . i thought it was great because it teaches good manners , always important to do from the get-go !
as i said before with the other transformer my grand son loves them . i do recommend them for any 4 year old .
it was cute - and my grandkids loved it - it was good quality and like the picture - actually perhaps a bit larger than expected .
this doll is very high quality , well worth the money . it is big and very durable , unlike many action figures !
this set is surprisingly nice for the price i paid . my niece loved it for her 3rd birthday . i think the wand is the perfect finishing touch .
best $ 8 ever ! my son loves this toy . if pony i thought his love of cleaning would keep up into his teenage years ;-)
this duplo set is very cute . the pieces are easy for little hands to manipulate . a cute addition to the other lego duplo princesses that we have !
i wished the paper was much thicker . i bought it to paint on , but the weight is too thin . would work well with crayons and pencils
this is one of those gifts where grandma missed the mark ... colorful and sturdy , but it's boring and it stands unused .
very cute vibrant colors great grandson knew who they were since it's most favorite movie and story book excellent choice
my 2.5 year old loves this puzzle ! it seems to be as durable as it can be as a wooden puzzle . i'm getting more of these puzzles !
this is a gift for my great-nephew . he is a big ironman and lego fan so i am sure he'll like these .
nice set ! worth every dollar i paid for it as i had endless fun ' driving ' the tumbler !
a lot comes in this set and it keeps my pre-schooler happy ! however , i bought this at wal-mart for half the price !
my four year old granddaughter loved this and wore it for two birthday parties . very cute for the price , worth it .
my son is 4 and got this for christmas . he loves it . everything about this is just great ! he plays with it all the time .
made well . great color . right size for 2yr or 3yr old . safe . wk
no more floppy heads when traveling ! great invention , i love it and now i hope it works as good as it looks in the picture
our grand daughter loved it . it was a little smaller than what i expected , but still seemed to be a hit with our umizoomi fan .
it is a x-mas gift and have not tried it yet . i will be able to write a review after x-mas .
this is so cute . i bought my son the whole toy story gang , and this is a good size for the prize and you can wash it .
oldest wanted to replace some of his toys that we had to throw and we got these . he really liked them and still plays with them occasionally .
although the toy was all it said it would be my grandson doesnt seem to like to use it much . the quality of the product was great .
great educational game for classroom use.kids can figure out the problems on their own.recommend yes . price was right !
a got to have for the lego star wars collection . cannot go wrong with lego here ! this is a good addition for your collection .
christmas gift for my 6 yrs son and he absolutely loves it ! he plays with all the time ... looks like me when i was little .
i bought this for a rainy day to pull out for my 3 year old granddaughter . she enjoyed playing with this more then with play doh .
didn't get it open yet but it has to be great . the price was right besides , i really like this set ..
my grandson will love this when he opens it at christmas . the package came timely , and the product was in good shape , and worked well .
i would recommend this umbrella highly if you want to provide shade while your toddler is in the radio flyer . great accompanying item .
this was not my daughter's favorite go to toy or anything but it's nice to throw in the mix ... and it's pretty .
i bought this for my grandson and he loves it as he does all of the thomas trains . so glad i got it for him .
i love these paint brushes ... perfect for little hands ! they work very well with the melissa and doug paint cups and crayola tempra paint .
got this for a christmas gift so many parts but not a problem for my 9 year old he absolutely loved it and had it together in no time
my grandson kept trying to push grampop's large push broom , a little large for a 17 month old . this is perfect and made well .
this makes so much snow and is so easy to use . just add water ! this container makes three-four sensory trays
this is a great new addition to our leap pad games . the leap frog games are always educational and fun ! my kids love it !
arrived looking just like the picture . i really love this brand - aurora . the cats i've gotten have been well made .
my little boy loves this mat ! it's easy to roll up when you are done playing with it , and it's a nice material as well .
have already used it so much i cannot wait till summer again ! we love rafting and this makes it perfect for my husband and i .
great selection of colors , and works well with the no spill paint cups and brush assortment for my granddaughter . easy to mix to get variety of colors .
everything is awesome . everything is cool when you're part of a team . when you're living a dream . it is green .
cute doll . i braid the hair to keep it from becoming a mess . my 3 1/2 yr old loves her .
this is the perfect and cutest tradition , i love it and even we parents have fun when our kids find the elves .
any collector would be crazy not to have this in their collection ! she is very well detailed , and hands down a must-have ! absolutely beautiful .
this is easily one of the best cars from the diecast pixar 1:55 line . the detail is great and this toy will last through the nuclear apocalypse .
this is the best farkel game for the money . i love the various colored dice cubes - and the cups are neat , too .
this is my favorite float ever comfy and so nice that i don't stick to it like you do on a vinyl one !
we love playing pizza parlor at our house and this one is always on the menu . my kids love that it has mushrooms on it !
fantastic lego set . such a great design , and fun with back to the future !
this is the perfect toy for a two year old ... easy to grasp and play with for his tiny hands . very fun !
very happy with my purchase ! i love this game ! if you like strategic and challenging games ... you will love this one !
cute lego kit . bought as a birthday gift for my six year old nephew . he had so much fun building it .
my three-year old daughter loves these rings . she wears a different one for each day of the week . her favorites right now is clawdeen wolf and draculara .
our grandaughter seen this at anothers home . loved it . so we got her one . very sturdy and doesn't come apart .
cute vtech laptop my daughter loves to listen to the music . it has many options this is one of my daughter's favorite toy .
everything about this game is great : theme , art , rules , gameplay , learning curve , etc . watch a review and it will sell itself .
my niece spent hours with this decorating small cupcakes . she would have us pretend to eat them . very well made .
only thing is you do not want to throw them at someone because they re really hard and it will poke an eye out
these markers are great , work well and are washable . perfect for any coloring book , art project or other craft for kids .
its nice but the track keeps falling apart every now and then otherwise its all good . the thomas train is very cute .
this is a nice addition to any thomas fan's collection . it is one of my son's favorite trains and works well !
this is the hardest of the 3 maze ball line . it is truly challenging . ages 6-90 have enjoyed mastering this challenging maze .
colleagues half my age appreciate this . i like it . told them where to get one . bobbles his head as he stares at my every keystroke .
wonderful accessory to keep the mobigo games in . has weathered my car for two years now - my daughter keeps her cartridges neat and organized .
fun for everyone . not messy so there isn't any messy cleanup . these products are great . a bit high in price but still worth every penny .
bought this for my child's leap pad 2 . he loves the color.it seems to have the perfect amount of cushion to protect it .
purchased for 7 year daughter she loved it & likes to sleep with it every night . very soft & cuddley
i've purchased 10 of these and they all still work . even my 3 year old grandson can fly with ease .
lots of activities and fun stuff for the little ones but once they can walk around this toy looses its appeal somewhat .
great set of littlest pet shops with a great selection of different animals for one great low price . awesome deal .
you can barely hear the sound . very disappointing , we purchased a different phone immediately after unpacking this one . not recommended !
received on time . very cute item . my daughter has played with this toy several times , and she seems to enjoy it .
this toy was so much fun not only did the kids enjoy the grown ups joined in too highly recommend
there are countless great and fun games for children to play . i can not pry this game from my child's hands even at bedtime .
we got it as a gift n the kids love the teapot n cups . dont care much for the cake plate
this is one awesome product . you can teach your child so much from this one puzzle . i highly recommend this .
my 20 month old grandson loves this toy . its sturdy , easy to use . he's learning his numbers . very great deal
i got a great deal from amazon on this toy my 4 year old son loves it like his own it does talk alot though
totally adorable and well made . $ 15 well spent . goes great with the servin surprises table . love the ice cream scoop . works great .
so fun for my boys to dig out of the sandbox . a few have broken after continual excavation though .
this turned out to be a great " guy gift " for a guy who has everything and is also a golf enthusiast !
my son loved this toy . he loves kirby . the quality is good , but make sure you get it at a good price .
my son and daughter love this little set great to use in there play kitchen . the size is a good size for pretend as well .
purchased for a 3 and 6 year old.once they were shown what it was and the sounds it could make , they loved it .
very precious . these look like good quality and workmanship . i am sure my granddaughter will love them for her american girl doll .
my neice says that any thing related to monster high is so cool , and that her nonnie is so cool for getting those for christmas . thanks amazon
my son needed a t-ball for playing catch and practicing hitting - this is exactly like the one his coach uses
this is for my granddaughter . it is for 18 inch dolls / like american girl . she is not getting an american girl , but a generic one .
i guess it depends on your child's interest . my daughter lost interest very quickly . a lot of pieces though . good product for the price .
this has been an activity we've done the last coupld of years and my boys love it every time ! it's a great , original gift too !
i had purchased the easel accessory kit and didn't realize that it came with two rolls of paper . i returned it .
ver happy with these bath toys , i'm sure my granddaughter will enjoy lots of play time in the bath with them . they are so adorable .
we are a star wars and angry bird loving family so we juat had to get this when we saw it
what has happened to hasbro games they are made so cheap , they hang up and don't work properly . not like the games we grew up with .
my 3 year old nephew is a lover of hot wheels cars and i was looking for a cool , yet durable case for him . this was perfect !
this is a nice dice bag from chessex . durable and holds a lot of dice . great for anyone who plays dice games .
depends on your point of view . my five year old thinks these were worth their weight in gold . they were priced pretty close
my little toddler loves this toy . we have to take it with us everywhere we go . fun , entertaining and great way for kids to learn .
mary meyer pufferbeillies , pokey be is lly turtle is great for all kidsi gave it to my neice and she really likes it
my 5 year old loves this kit ! every kid dreams of having a tree house , now they can build their own lego tree house .
connects with our other trackmaster set perfectly . holds up well to being stomped on and the kids have no complaints .
we bought this for my niece , she loves it . it has just enough " princess " to make it a hit with her .
a fun and safe toy for young children . it is made well and is easily pushed around and does not tip over .
kids love this mask . they have a ton of costumes etc and this by far has been among their favorite .
i love this to my kids love this he love toy he love to play with this to i am happy that he love to love it to
even if you don't like sushi , this toy is awesome . no fish smell . durable toy for hours of fun the kids .
looks just like the picture , is small but the details are good compared with larger schleich figures . the shipment was on time and is a good price .
adorable plush lamb ! i got it for my 10 month old son for easter . it's very cute , soft , and good quality lovie .
lego seems to be the only one who can get the block thing right do not go with an off brand they will not hold up .
minnie is so cute and soft to the touch . my granddaughter just loves her and takes her everywhere she goes .
this is a cute product however my 4 yr old daughter did not play with it .
fine product except for the price i would have just skipped it . you can find cheaper . the thing my son really love though was the mini pot holder
my grandson likes all the details of the aircraft carrier and uses it for imaginary transport of all vehicles he has , including trucks , cars , etc .
i got one for my nephew and then went back on to get one for my baby , too . i love this little bird .
not their favorite but they like it . i rememberit from the 1970s s mommymay be more of a fan than thekids
i bought this for our 2 year old and she just loves it ! she likes to stand on the piano bench and pretend she is giving a concert .
joined the rest of the barbies in my nieces collections . she like this very much . will update later to see how long she likes this .
great setworks perfect cause its the brandjust as describedcame fast ! would buy again in futureif they all get lost lol
i bought these dominoes as a gift , but have bought other dominoes like these , and we loved them . fast delivery too.and the price was great too .
i purchased this for a 2 1/2 year old child . it is perfect for this age . she loved working on the puzzles and stayed interested in them .
my 4 year old loves this movie and olaf ! we got this set for a great price ! this tea set will be part of her easter basket !
the car is great , it works really well , easy to use . it is really hard on batteries though so buy some rechargeables .
i don't really consider this an educational toy but these food sets are very popular with both my granddaughers and grandson . recommend you buy--you won't be disappointed .
we love duplos here . my kids like to use the variety to build towers the best , nice that the case is reusable with a cover too .
my son puts his leapster away now that i got this product for him so he's very happy with this
bought as a christmas present for our grandson . i am sure he will get hours of fun out of it .
over a year later and it's still a great toy . he loves it so much and it's such a great show to love . wonderful product !
the same , classic toy i grew up with . my three year old likes it and it comes with a disc with a variety of images .
a nice addition for any monster high fan . this was a gift for our 10 year old niece . she loves it .
our grandson loved this big lug right out of the box . he is big and green and loads of fun to play with .
it's play food , y'all ! it's realistic , and makes cool sounds when you cut through it . my childhood seems so bland now .
this was ordered for one grabnddaughter--age 5 - - it turned out that her younger sister-age 2 enjoyed it more . - but both play with it
gave this as a christmas present along with several outfits , and my granddaughter really liked it . she liked these soft fuzzy ones .
i like that there are tower top blocks , sparkly blocks and stickers that can be used to decorate the blocks .
we bought this doll as a christmas gift for a grandchild named joshua as he is having a little trouble tying his shoes .
this thing sucks , the delay in control is really bad and the way it moves is extremely slow ! it is cheap but its a basic toy !
another gift for the great niece . more to add to her collection , she loves her art stuff . .
my son loves trucks and toy story . he has so much fun loading and unloading the trash truck . great toy .
fits ag dolls well ; designs that came were as shown - modern designs - they were a great stocking stuffer ! good price too
this corn popper is a great push toy with awesome noises for kids . they have so much fun and a great learning toy . thank you .
further high wave added wed ext tho the other hand and i have rulesabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz abcdefghij the re the rest of
another cute little addition to the loom bracelet . just pop one of these on the bracelet , or two , to give the bracelet a little more decoration .
my two year old nephew really likes it . it helps him with his numbers . his four old sister likes it too .
glad we got a 3 pack of these as one isn't much fun for my little one . they are quick to put together and take apart .
better than any of his friends bags . everyone loves it , definately better than a rectangle sleeping bag like everyone else has , warm and comfortable .
super cute , my daughters loved it . we love the lego friends in our house ! four girls , and lots of legos to go around . :)
my son loves imaginext toys and these are no exception . great value and excellent quality . hours of fun and we expect to have these for many years .
my kids love this toy . keeps them occupied . they also love hitting the button to turn the music on and just dance to it .
great detail and the interactive component of these works great . i like chuggington so much better because of the detail they put into the engines and cars .
bought this for my nephew . he had lots of fun pulling it along while walking . his favorite thing was dumping them all out .
my kids loved these even though they are smaller then i expected . they are quite funny little toys and they keep the kids entertained .
it's a pretty doll . the closure on the dress is less reliable than the mariposa doll . it doesn't close or stay closed as well .
fun birthday present for my 4 year old niece . she loved it and it hangs proudly on her wall for all to see
we already have one of those play pirate ships , so these figures are fun for them to use with the ship .
it was a very nice game and my little grandson loves it . i am sure he will learn a lot from it
it plays the thomas theme song , so my son loves to play it over ... and over ... and over . cute addition to our collection .
very , very cute and it seems like it is durable . i am worried about losing the food and dishes because they're tiny , but they're so cute
my daughter is obsessed with all things peppa pig . while it's a bit hard and not terribly soft or cuddly it is well made and cute .
i like this because it keeps both of my girls happy and quiet . there are plenty of pages to create .
my 6 month old loves this little mirror ! and my 2 1/2 year old helps her with it , doing eachothers makeup ! my favorite christmas purchase !
we got this to our 2yo . it is a lot of fun and he gets really into putting his robots together !
i bought this for my great nephew because i thought it was a great learning tool for him to get started on .
they are a great purchase for the money . i find that with boys or girls , they love them .. would recommend to anyone
like one of the other trains i mentioned the wheels are not that sturdy and it wobbles to much when on the track .
these were the perfect protectors to pair with the pokémon binder i purchased . they are thick enough to hold his cards for years to come . worth it .
impossible to not have fun with anything lego ! agin the boys are still playing with it . albeit they have totally rebuilt it in to something else .
tough , sturdy and can take some serious drops to the floor ... without issue . pictures aren't good quality , but they work .  .
the dalmatian dog , the hose for the fire truck ... and the flames are great details that really help his imagination . grandson loved it
my son freaked out when he saw me remove it from the box . he literally started screaming . he is a huge fan it it was well made .
my son loved this , the sound quality is pretty good for a little sun flower . any plans v / s zombie fan would love this ! thanks !
we got two of these , and the little ones who received them really liked them a lot . they were soft and cuddly and the right size .
we love these little blue orange game tins ! games arefun and so easy to take with anywhere . perfection in atiny tin !
granddaughter loves , grandson does not ! close in age . she watches it constantly as permitted . i assume she will request other such type figures .
these party supplies are adequate , but not that great . they are cheaply made and just really cheesy . i wouldn't buy them again .
my son loves this toy . i just wish the box had a lid , but other than that i think it's great .
well , every american girl doll needs classic black ballet flats for their outfits ! these are so cute and fun to give as a gift !
my grand-daughter couldn't stop looking at herself in the mirror when she wore this little outfit for the first time . i sense a helper in the kitchen soon .
both grandkids love the windows , not so much the door . we did take out the center separator as it made the room to small .
cards against humanity is a very fun game . this was the last of the extended box set for my daughter .
burning godzilla is the most elaborate godzilla sculpt of the heisei series and they capture every detail with sh mnsterarts burning godzilla .
this is really a fun barbie doll to play with . my granddaughters had fun changing the wings into a dress .
this game was a bit difficult to figure out from the packaging . it didn't really hold my granddaughters interest as well as i thought it would .
my 2 1/2 year old plays with the dwarfs every day ! ! great gift idea ! now her castle is totally complete ! !
i have purchased this product in the past and have been completely satisfied . this time was no different . thank you !
we purchased this as a christmas gift to my 1 year old , she is now 2 and play with it even more . very durable and interactive .
we now have 4 of these in our house . it keeps my kids busy for hours . they love all the different bracelets they can make .
my grand daughters ages 5-8 loved decorating their own fairies . they love fairies and it entertained them for quite awhile .
was bought for grandchildren ( 2 ) to share . this was a good buy and appropriate for their ages to teach them to fingerpaint .
shipped fast . everything was new , sealed , and intact . my son loves his new bases . they are much bigger than the green ones .
my daughter love this she was so surprised when i gave it to her she uses it every day with her best friend
went with all of the doll dresses very cute and price right would buy again looks very cute with the socks with lace
my 4 year old daughter loves her hedgehog . very cute and cuddly . tiny . worth the price . we like it very much .
my toddlers go goo goo over these trains and because they are interactive and talk to each other it makes it a lot of fun !
my 4 and 2 yr old love playing with this inside and outside ! not really sure if it glows very well but didn't by it for that need .
i love what it has to teach a child and im really hoping to see progess on the little boy
they are perfect for girls my girls love to play with them on the tub and the size isn't too small as i imagine
this is a sweet little handmade house . wish it had been a bit cheaper but it's so well made it's worth it .
the ballons are easy to shape and mold . the rubber is a little thin on the balloon , but it works .
all the fun of the ball popper push toy without all the ruckus ! the chimes are actually very pretty and quite soothing if you ask me .
dm's who have the battlematt need this accessory to be able to draw the fantastic worlds of their imagination . dry erase .
purchase this for my neighbors daughter who's name is cindy . she loved it a d p , and with it everyday . kerper
but the adults took it over and had so much fun that it has become a tradition to play during the holidays when we are all together .
let him watch episode one and he thought it was the coolest . things pretty cool both sides can come out at once and its very durable .
nice soft doll for a very young child . gave as a gift for an 9 month child and she loves her doll .
these are definitely for toddlers , like 12 months to 4 ( maybe 5 ) years . they are tiny but have adjustable width .
purchased two of these sets for granddaughters . they loved the variety . they are artistic and i just thought these would be fund . i was not disappointed .
i'm probably rating this 1 star too low b / c i love the modular buildings , but gotta love the purple lightsaber .
i love dolphins , so it was a pleasure to paint this . even better , the person i painted it for absolutely loved it .
very safe and cute toy for baby . no paint comes off , not parts break off . very soft for my one year old to chew on .
my grand kids loved getting this to play with on these cold days we are having . adding to what we already have is nicethank you
great quality , they stand up to toddler wear and tear & best of all they don't get crushed . i would purchase these again .
pieces fit well with other wooden train track pieces . you can always use more adapters to make your track parts into something fabulous !
my 11 year old son really enjoyed building garmatron . he thinks it has really cool parts and is fun to play with .
great game , but i cant believe someone is actually charging 49.95 . i got it at walmart for 29.95 and most places are selling it for 34.95 .
daughter loves this play set and you get a lot for the price you pay . very happy , will do business with them again .
good variety of legos . those darn things are so expensive ! very basic pieces so great to add to existing sets .
for kids who like mario and k'nex , this is perfect . and it's just challenging enough to be fun for more than a few days or weeks .
these were a grandkid gift , so i don't really know about them but they seemed to like them and that's what counts !
it was a rgeat gift my younger got for this 1st birthday.the later additon to the green toys dump truck could not be better
complements my granddaughter's preschool montessori math lessons , but could be used for traditional math lessons for older kids . the set is well made and easy to use .
his transformation hurts my hands and i'm 30 . its just tight , for as simple of a figure he is they sure made some of the transformation hard .
these worked perfect for those doll outfits that are a little too short . and for little winter outfits with boots . really cute and nice . good price too
its exactly what i had in mind for my child . a truck he can wheel around and put stuff in to transport . i like it .
my kids are old enough how to play and we love playing it . it is a good game , easy to assemble , and great quality .
our grandson really liked this toy . he just told us the other day it was still in great working order . it has held up well .
both my sons are crazy about beyblades and they would not buy anything else but takara tomy because they are so solid and heavy for battles .
this small set worked very well as a stocking stuffer and the minifigure is well designed too . not much more to say - kids are enjoying it .
grandson loves it . bright and cheery colors . 3 year old playing with items and holding up very well . great item !
found these locally so bought a few sets for gift stashing . beautiful cards , and different from same ' ole same ' ole ...
the perfect dinosaurs for young children and accurate enough for older ones as well . nice selection with the most familiar dinosaur species represented . highly reccomended !
very nice accessory for monster high dolls , my daughter really likes this , but she's still waiting for the abbey bed .
my grandson loves transformers and this is one of his favorites . i would buy this again and have bought others very similar since this purchase .
this figure is so cute ! i love daryl in the show so i knew i had to get this and i wasn't disappointed .
how in the world do you play this ? my wife and i tried for hours and could not figure it out , even with instructions .
my daughter liked other games better , but this one was not one of her favorites . she never playded for more that 5 minutes with this game .
we got this game for our son last christmas and he still plays with it . it's really a lot of fun !
my 2 year old got this for his birthday . he loves it . he has been sweeping for 24 hours ! great toy !
i would recommend this to anyone , regular batteries go dead in less than an hour's worth of use . a totally worthwhile investment .
my son likes it very much . he plays with it . it is a must have if you have any of the tracks
love this line ! the details on draculaura's outfit are just great , her hair , her pet everything . even the box is worth keeping .
great packaging and on it's arrival time before christmas . great job in sending and getting to me , time for wrapping and under the tree for my son .
these are good quality bags . no issues with tearing . they do the trick for lollipops and other treats . i will buy again .
i bought this for my 2 year old who is in love with dora and boots . she loves this boots doll . well made !
my daughter lives this little cupcake kitchen . lots and lots of fun . it is smaller than i expected , but perfect for 18mos - 3 years old .
really cute party favors ! they were a bit hit and i got photos from friends days after that the kids were wearing them at home !
my four year old granddaughter loved it ! it was much bigger than i expected and has tons to do on it .
i like them but my boys don't seem too interested in them :( i think they're quite fun though , lol ! i
i bought this doll for my daughter . she enjoys playing with it and all the others that we have purchased .
this is a huge book ... if your child like to draw faces this is great a book of blank faces and the child can draw on the faces ...
my son plays with this alot since his birthday he likes to watch pocoyo drive around on the track and pushes hot wheels on there too
not the klackers of our days a bit cheaper made lighter so they don't klack up if that makes sense
this game has lots of vairations and is a good game . it held attention . it updated well and added some nice parts to the game .
my daughter loves her izzy doll . carries her around everywhere . copies her when she pushes her belly . it's too cute .
great rocket set ... but don't forget all the extras you need to launch . and a 9v batt . this thing is a lot of fun .
my daughter loves it ! its high quality and will last a long time . i even like playing with this too !
not very bright and hard to bend . connectors tend to fall off . glow did not last very long at all .
they are really cute . if you are just looking to purchase only some lighsabers , they will do it for you .
i ordered this for my 5 year old grandson . he loves legos . he had it put together in 1/2 day and absolutely loves it .
this will be a great gift for our grandson for christmas . thanks for the great service . he will love putting this together
the children can push the cart around the place and put items inside of it . this is great for dramatic play !
this plush is soft and i would recommend it . my grand son plays with it all the time with other mario plush
great toy . can't say anything new not already covered in previous reviews . get this . it is a wonderful toy .
granddaughter very excited over receiving this as one of her birthday gifts ! she loves crafts , so this is one of those gifts that suits her well .
my niece lost a few of her mh dolls . i felt terrible about it , but this was her xmas present ! she loves it .
these fit the wood thomas track great . just what we needed to change the track around for better play with the trains .
my seven year old grandson was sooo excited to receive this toy for his birthday.he plays with it every day .
my kids love playing with this in the tub ! we have the little tug boat as well , and they are both favorites .
my daughter likes them and i guess that is what matters . however kinda cheaper looking when you have in hand .
these look great in our new rubber ducky themed bath for my nephew lincoln ! stuck great and wil def keep him from slipping around ! they are great !
my 19 month old daughter loves her new toy . she is having a lot of fun playing with it and can easily grasp the figurines .
he likes it , keeps him occupied , is sturdy so doesn . t break . price on amazon always reasonable and i do not have to leave the house
my daughter loves this . little expensive but what canyou ay when its a popular toy . she loves it and it works great .
melissa & doug products are very well made and children love their products . my niece spends hours with this pad .
goes perfectly with my granddaughter's new play kitchen . realistic looking food items . she loves being able to cook like mom .
it's a good educational game . learning game pet pals is fun and entertaining . our grandson has learned a lot from it .
again , great ideas from imaginext ! i wish they had these when i was younger . quality is good for the price .
simple great beginner harmonica . we got it for her birthday as one of the many instruments we are introducing to her . great price and sounds great .
i love iti bought this for our great-granddaughter for christmas . it is very well made and should give her many hours of fun .
one of the best bath toys on the market . sings squirts floats toddler and parent approved ! love it
my six year old loves this lego set . we also bought him the movie for christmas . just lots of fun
i bought this for a 2 year old niece for christmas . i thought it was real cute . what little girl doesn't like puppies and books
i use to keep his leapster explorer in a safe place . have not used it mush since my son is always playing with his leapster explorer .
my son loves it , versitle good sound , durable , fair deal , can be used with 1 year old kid , safe for kids
this is a great game ; we play on family night and during the holiday gathering along with other games ; very fun
nice case for the leap pad . it protects the toy . it is somewhat hard for a small child to open and close .
this was an amazing price when we got it and its very compact and handy.the kiddos can open it and play or clos eit and put legos in it .
the toy is well made and may be good for a younger child . my son is 1 year old but just didn't find this toy interesting .
he is 3 , cute , smart and loves cars . plays this game all the time and lets his sister play , too .
all the kids love this little balancing bird . it is fun to show their friends . a very inexpensive little " treat " for the kids .
i purchased this game for a christmas present . the whole family played and had a lot of fun . would recommend it .
our 3 year old loves this thing ! he loves running around with this tool and pretend hes fixing everything in the house !
i gave this to my 3 year old grandsons and they really liked it ! very well made and kept their attention !
they were exactly what i wanted.my granddaughter will love to match a swimsuit . they look like real cloggs . great cloggs !
bought these for my nephew . he loved them . he uses them all the time to play with . it is a great first truck .
my daughter is loving these and they occupy her for hours ! the art that she is making is truly abundant !
my kids love these figures . so great to get their imagination going . they love to take turns playing the different ninjas .
granddaughter wanted for christmas . she collects so many of them . if they make her happy , then i'm happy . will get her 1-2 for valentines day
all boys need a car track of some sort.every car or rolling toy he has been enjoyed on this . love how a lot of them fit.easy to use .
son loves anything star wars , plays with it daily ... keeps his imagination sharp , and inventing his own ships and battle zones ... thank you ... great gift
bought for my 2 year old and he absolutely loves it . everything is very sturdy and the pieces are fun . perfect for the sandbox or the beach .
it was for my kid and he enjoyed it so its five stars . had all the parts and shipped quickly so nothing negative to report . cheers .
nine year-old daughter loved it ! first , it's a cool black cat . second , she was the first of her friends to have it !
the kids loved grandma's set so now they have their own . they like to build and it doesn't fall down .
my 4 year-year old granddaughter was thrilled to receive the doll . this was something she really wanted and none of our local store carried this item .
this is the best children's game ever . the youngest toddlers may be a little afraid but it is a hit for 4 years and up .
this kitchen isn't especially big ( my 3 year old is taller ) , but it's hard wearing plastic and at $ 70 , very good for price .
bought this to have in my house for visiting grandchildren . they liked it .
the kids loved these things . some got bent or broken but all were loved and had fun with . nice add on to kids b-day goodie bag
we bought this as a gift for our girls and they love it . making sandwiches has never been more fun .
girls loved her - - super great clothing ! recommend ever after dolls - - sturdy , movable , heavy duty joints compared to regular monster high dolls
this is a big pack of clips and have allowed our daughters to make many bracelets . pleased with our purchase .
my son loves play dough and has hours of fun with this toy ! he enjoys playing with it even without the play dough ! fun toy !
very cute , and works great for all those little babies ! my daughter loved this bed set !
wow , what a great game . highly recommended . great battles with the family and friends , and huge replay value . buy it .
my grand daughter loves this . she plays with them all the time . all little girls should have this fo . r their room
our daughter loves this patio set . she put it in her calico critter house that she got for christmas and loves it !
another great train to add to a collection my grandson and great grandsonare putting together . they enjoy them all .
if your mailbox is warm when it arrives then the box may vibrate . but overall these little guys are so cute .
who wouldn't like pin the nose on elmo at a 2 year old's b-day partylots of funthe kids loved it and adults got alot of laughs
this remote hasn't been out of the hands of our 9 month old . great size for her to hold and easy for her to use .
christmas gift for my 4 1/2 year old grandson . he is receiving a cash register for christmas and this will make a perfect addition .
kids loved it . arms and hands do pop off , so have to be careful with that . but overall happy with doll .
kids don't play with it for long . the cars go down so fast there's not much to see . with the tracks were longer and windier
my daughter is happy with her doll , she's beautiful , the product has quality . i received what i expectedi am satisfied
a winner with my grand son who is three and his older sister enjoys it too . good quality puzzle . puzzle picture is great !
this is a great toy for a little boy who likes dinosaurs , it has such great detail work ... i will purchased more when there is another holiday ...
bought this for my nephew and he loves it - the big eyes are definitely everyone's favorite part about this cute little turtle .
got these for my teenager for easter , bought them here because the price was reasonable , love the names and their stories . highly recommend .
my daughter had one as a kid and we loved it . the crayons are not tiny what a joke these are don't waste your money its junk
really happy with this doll for my grandaughter . she plays with it all the time and wants more of them . i will buy again .
purchased these for my six year old granddaughter's american girl doll and they fit perfectly ! price was right and the shoes are of decent quality . would recommend !
our little man is thoroughly enjoying these characters . plays with them more than his cards we bought . sister enjoys playing with these too .
love it . i haven't opened it yet but it looks likegreat fun cant wait till my soson opens it fir his birthday
i love the schleich figurines . they are very original and of good quality . i would recommend to anyone interested in castle and knights
this game is so fun to play with little children . i love all the different colors of cherries for each player .
this is junk . pure junk . it was designed poorly and does not operate well . do yourself a favor and spend your money on something else .
purchased mobigo for grandaughter for christmas . she loves it and hasnt put it done . bought one previously and is nice to know it still has same allure .
a more ' difficult ' one but still not hard good articulation ... interesting parts . some of the assembly may not come back apart easily
save your money ! these toys aren't worth $ 0.50 ! a kids meal toy is a far better value . small , cheap , and broken on arrival .
i bought it for my son at age 4 . he is now 5 and still really enjoys it . he always asks us to play it with him
very weill made and fits american girl doll easily . easy on and off for a 3 year old and good quailty
we never did get it to work quite right . the track is so flimsy it falls apart constantly and sometimes the cars get stuck
since the shrinky dinks are hard to find , we were excited to locate them on the website . the grandchildren love them .
quick shipping , just as described , i have came back again to order this one ! great price ! great stocking stuffer ! great set for a beginner
i was pleased with the quality of the food . no cardboard boxes that get ruined right away and plastic seem tough enough for real play
a nice box to store the child's legos in . will have to hear after it is used to see if it worked as planned
yep , ruby and max , o how our children love the trending fads and toys . ty has made these quality dolls for some time .
just taught our 5 year old grandson how to play checkers so this was a perfect starting board for him
my neice was very happy with the zombie action figure . she is a very big fan of the walking dead series .
got this for my child's race car room . great addition to any child or teenagers room . i would buy this product again .
got these for my 6 - year old son as stocking stuffers . he really enjoyed putting them together and incorporating the figures into existing star wars playsets .
i bought this for my 10 year old son who loves spongebob . it was a hit with all of the kids ! birthday shopping made easy ! thanks !
my daughter loves this . it was easy to assemble , makes alot of fun noises , and not too big . she loves the phone that rings .
my 5 year old god-daughter couldnt ' wait to get this out of the box as soon as she opened it . easy to use and great toy !
this is very valuable activity kit . kids are very interested in painting this house with different colours as they like , also it is good learning skills for kids
they worked well for my kids . the light ones glow in the dark the best , but all colors did a little .
we enjoy playing with these rescue bots . would like to get more in the future . everyone likes to play with it .
i actually don't know what i'd do without these paint cups to go in the melissa & doug easel , it would be a complete disaster of a mess .
the pens are lovely , the colors are nice . but this ink is not washable ! our coffee table is permanently stained now .
again , better to give an old phone for my kids to use , this is just too much toy like that they didn't want to play with it .
my preschool age son is having a great time with the set . great price and buying through amazon , we got a great deal !
this adorable truck was extremely easy to put together , much easier than the cozy coupe cars . my daycare kids love it .
my nephew loves cars i think this is the perfect gift for christmas . he can add it to his callection
i would recommend this plush toy to anyone with little children who watch and adore the sesame street characters . grandson loves sesame street .
my two girls have so many of these lego friends . and they want more . they give me specific problem and there are none for this item .
my 5 & 8 year old sons love this ! ! they set it up inside and play with it . it's a great toy for them !
this doll will compliment the " girl " dolls and bring much happiness to my niece in thailand . her friends will enjoy it , too .
just as good as the real thing . much cheaper than the brand name item . the way my kid plays with these ... it was a comparable product .
got it for a horse-crazy kid and it was played a lot . i like the fact that you can play several different games .
fun colors for a child to add to their imagination and visual cues for a toddler in their growth period
i would definitely recommend this product . it's very realistic and my 3 year will get to use a ( safe ) knife :)
this figure is incredibly detailed and melds the crocodile features well with the human features . the armor and weapons show great imagination and the detail is superb .
this is a toy for all ages . it is small and takes up very little space and it is not breakable .
great little puzzle for the little boys who love trucks . great eye catching color and realistic vehicle looks . great puzzle for toddlers .
my son picked up is times table in no time with this math wiz it has 8 lavals and it it truly easy to work with i highly recommend it
i thought it was a bit pricey considering it is simply a stuff animal with velcro straps but the kids love it and that it what matter
i am got this to my son love color to iam happy my son love color to i am happy my kids love this
this is must have . kids love playing with it . highly recommend as this one adds to the rest of the items .
sort of flimsy , but functional / the kids like the game and it's transportable so that's a plus , isn't it after all ?
this was a huge hit for the birthday party for my grandson . even the grown ups tried it out ...
love nintendo and of course mario is one of my favorites . glad i bought him as part of my collection to add to my display
my daughter enjoys playing with this sorting cube . i like that it has wooden blocks however it all in all is rather flimsy .
we just received this game - but already love it . i haven't taught it to all of the grandchildren yet , but so far it's a hit .
this is an awesome set of pots and pans . our 20 month old granddaughter loves them !
age-appropriate content for learning concepts that last through the ages . familiarity with the tv-based characters adds to prolonged game play ( and learning ) !
not much to this , did not hold a 3 year olds interest for more than a minute ! !
big ol t-rex ! great toy . the colors are bright and its great that he has a wire frame to let him stand on his own :)
it is an okay toy . the buttons are a little small for my daughter to hit accurately but she doesn't seem to care too much .
loved this kit ! who doesn't love shrinky dinks ! i bought this for a 8 year old and he loved it ! lots of fun !
this is a great game . my kids had one and loved it and now i bought one for my nephews .
a perfect tea set that includes everything a little hostess needs for a fun tea party . it is very cute and pretty durable .
unfortunately my grandkids did not think much of this game . ( they are 7 and 10 . ) it was too simple and they lost interest in it .
this is a cute set , but it seems a little flimsy . my grandson plays with it frequently . i am not sure i would purchase it again .
not very exciting . my granddaughter enjoys wearing it but the switch out of plates is boring to her so she doesn't usually bother .
my 5 and 3yr old love this game . ( although the 3yr old needs some help and loses interest a little quickly )
if you like the military minis , you've gotta have this one , goes where you send it , great profile , quick responses .
added another one to his numerous collection and he loves it ! great detail , happy to find it and great price !
just what i needed for my future architect ! there is a variety of colors and sizes of bricks . you can build many things with this beginner set .
super fun game for most ages ! we usually play more adult party games but sometimes younger kids join in , this is great for both .
i bought both donatello and raphael for my great nephews birthday . he loved them both ! i didn't realize they were still a popular item ! ! !
christmas gift for my grandson . he showed everyone and never put it down . i bought this with other cars which he loved very much as well
this item was received in wonderful condition , and my nephew loved it ! very well put together , very pleased with this purchase .
the picture makes it look like the leaves light up more ... it's a tiny little led light that lights up . total waste of money .
my daughter loves this kit . she feels like a perfume scientist . you can make some nice perfume . lasts for awhile due to oils .
came super fast , got it free with the leappad ultra along with the headphones , cant ' wait to see my daughters face christmas morning
our 15 month old grand daughter could not wait for this to come out of the box . she loved it !
we wanted something to occupy our 4 year old grandson on a trip and that he could do by himself . he has enjoyed it a lot .
simple instruments are the best . my daughter loves this . i am excited for her to learn rhythm as she grows older . great quality and great price !
this puzzle is huge ! the printing / colors are brilliant crisp and clean.the pieces are heavy duty cardboard and appear to be pretty sturdy.my daughter loves it .
grandson did not like this too much . it wasn't what he had expected so i wouldn't waste money on this
bought victorian doll house , furniture , and wallpaper from you , then found this doll set which is perfect !
just did a timed flight and got 8 min exactly before i noticed a decrease in power . my second day flying a heli ever .
these were very high quality and heavy . i was surprised at how nice these were . i know my granddaughter will love these .
we can't get enough of haba toys and this one is our favorite . my infant daughter loved playing with it from 3m up .
got this for my 2.5 year old , to go with her cinderella doll . good doll , good clothes . she loves it .
my daughters received this for christmas last year and it was a big hit ! ! they love using the roller coaster and the ferris wheel .
my grandson just loved this truck . the first thing he looks for is mack ! his favorite toy and it works well with matchbox cars too .
only small complaint is the stitching in the knees - - coming out . further , the manufacturer offers this overpriced character at half price through its website .
this is a great toy at a great price . very good quality . my kid loves to play with it and it is educational .
bought this for my grandchildren . they like this simple toy that keeps them interested and busy . would buy this again .
my son has zoomer doing all of the tricks on the card and zoomer walks around behind my son just like a real dog .
they just keep ya guessing . thanks goodness for fresh cards ! i look forward to more expansion packs the game never gets old with the right people playing .
i bought this for one of my twin grandsons , they play with it all the time . they even share it thanks
crayola makes great products ; there is no debating that . all their art supplies are of good quality and the kids all love them .
i bought this for my 12 year old granddaughter for christmas . she loved it . i would recommend it to others .
great to teach him withi'm sure he be picking up letter quickly and will be ready for head start
i loved these stickers . the images of the stickers are a great mix of the main characters and the villians they face in the cartoons .
purchased as a christmas gift for my five year old son . he loves it ! we play it every night . :)
from simple to complex , colorful to plain this book has it . it is a kit that comes with a few papers , too .
love them easy for a small hand to hold . also would recommend this to a pre school or day care center
my great grandson (8 ) and his grandpa have loved putting these together - legos = always good
i was very excited to buy this for my niece but when i got it i was dissapointed . i sent it back
even i wanted to play with these as soon as they were opened . the great thing is that they can be added to sets that you already have .
this is a really cute idea and i love the singing tea pot . not the biggest hit with my granddaughter but she does play with it .
i am not sure i understand why this toy is priced for $ 149.99 here . it is only $ 20 at toys r us .
still figuring out how to swing in it . easy to install . comes in huge box which was a hit .
this case has no body . it's just soft fabric that collapses . not what we wanted to store the american girl dolls in .
lego have a lot of fun , the product was complete , is really big , has all teh pieces , and addicionally have a pieces of replace
bought this for a baby gift along with the book . it was a nice set for a co-worker . 2 words
this was fun for our daughter for awhile . she eventually got bored of it , but it did provide some entertainment with a little educational value .
these dots and dashes paints will provide our grandaugter many many hours of enjoyment and fun as she grows and develops .
this was a christmas gift for my 6 year old niece and was a big hit ! holds lots of things and lots of dolls .
my child adores scooby-doo . she has read this book over and over . she doesn't even need the reader part since she has the story memorized .
got these to complete my son's costume this year ! it looked really nice and he's able to continue using them all year round ! safe and sturdy too !
i really like this doll though when i was getting her out of the box her wrist popped off . that has never happened before .
replacement parts bought for the helicopter so that when my neice crashes it and breaks the original the toy can be repaired .
these extra cars and trucks are great - very sturdy and can withstand a 2 year old grandson - he loves his vtech set
amazing game . there is a reason this sold better than every xbone exclusive to date . great use of the touchpad . true next gen title here folks
fun to use and stick great on the fridge . did notice some minor scratching on the fridge but our kid loves them !
got these for the kids that was at my wedding so they wouldn't get bored . they did exactly what they where intended for . colors well to .
grand daughter can't wait for us to set this book up for full reading ability . what a great idea for kids .
good set for younger kids to build on their own . my 5 year old did this with no problems . holds up well
4m potato clock wonderful , love the educational value , works very good , daughter had it together and working in about two minutes .
you can never have enough legos . a solid collection of the basics . i may order more of this set . love it .
the monster fighters lego series is the newest obsession for our 8 year old . this made a cute stocking stuffer to go with his bigger sets from santa .
our daughter got this house for christmas and loves it so much ! it has plenty of room on the inside to add too !
our granddaughter loves all the stuff . her favorite piece was the silverware and plates . she loves being able to " cut " her food .
he watches maters tales every day and loves his new little car ! ! he couldnt wait to get it out of the packaging to roll it around .
i bought these for my two year old . they may not be his absolute favorite trains but they are exactly as they should be .
we inherited this from friends . their kids used it for years and it's still in amazing shape . worth the price if you're thinking about buying one new .
my daughter loves this toy . she loves the wheels on the bus song . she has been enjoying her little people toys a lot lately . great toy .
we absolutely love yo gabba gabba . i know my daughter will be beyond excited to receive these as a gift .
this lego is a favorite of my son because of the horse , the cactus , and weapons included . i really like the price and shipping was fast .
my family loves this game . we can all play together , parents and child ! rules are simple once you play a few times . we love it !
just playing the game by myself keeps me challenged and alert . this is a game for those who want a nimble mind to stay that way !
this playset is a must to go with the frozen castle . my 4 year old granddaughter plays with it for hours . it is very entertaining
usual good quality of fisher price . however it was over priced . saw same type of items at walmart for less money .
you have to get this ! don't listen to the negative reviews . my daughter picked up multiplication in a week ! you won't regret it !
we bought this for our son to protect his leappad . while it is kind of a pain to get on and off the frustration is worth it .
we love uno and thought we would like this too . nope . it hasn't caught on . too complicated and just not fun for the whole family .
it's a excelent product , the to dresses are beutifull and have a good quality , the mask and the shoes are fantastic
these things last a really long time and the colors are great ! love all the options for making them into crazy things . highly recommended .
grandson loves it . sturdy , holds up to a strong and active 3 year old boy .
it hauls over 40 cars . the bottom row is a little hard to use , but that doesn't seem to bother y son ! great for the price !
it's a cute case , but ours was missing the extra stylus which is listed in the description ( as of december 2013 ) .
this is the cutest thing ! very easy to assemble . it was a little smaller than i thought , but still so so cute !
this was purchased for a gift for a family at church , they were very happy with it and expect it to get much use .
both of the dolls are very well articulated as their characters that they came together for the price was excellent
i gave this to my grandson for christmas and he really enjoys it . it's a great toy for the price ! excellent value for sure :)
the tights are nice and thick . the skirt and jacket are well made . they all fit my american girl doll perfectly . the outfit is absolutely adorable !
my son has been cooking and serving with thisset for about a year . safe , eco friendly , and just plain fun .
average puzzle , colorful , cute . a little pricey , but these puzzles are well made and they all run about the same price .
if your little one is into horses , this is the perfect set . it brings out the imagination for hours of fun - anywhere !
my grandchildren love it and have a lot of fun , and play with it all the time . yes it is a good buy .
i remember playing with this as a kid and i was really excited to find this . i can't wait to use it with my grandson !
my 5 year old son has fun with this cute toy . i like how it spins around - makes it more fun .
my son loves to sort and count with these bears . they don't make it see like he's learning when he really is .
my daughter got this doll for christmas and she loves it . it seems to be good quality as far as toys go .
our granddaughter loves it that she has her own fun games . she can play it easily with her 2 year old sister .
the children love the tattoos . the designs are adorable . they adhere and remove as expected . the colors are vibrant . i would purchase again .
cant wait to give it to my grandson for christmas . he will love not only the games and graphics but will love playing the games on it .
couldnt wait to see my daughters face when monkey george arrived all dy long fun for the whole family thanks
bought as the second of a pair for my grand daughter . she absolutely loves the singing barbie dolls as well as others .
my 5 - year old grandson loved this at christmas this year . arrived in great shape and ontime . would highly recommend this product .
my daughter loves imaginext and plays with the batcave all the time . this is much smaller ( which is nice ) but still packed with fun .
this is a great little game with chess-like movements . i highly recommend this for a quick time filler between friends .
my daughter uses this brush all the time on her american girl dolls and she loves it . its a good size for her and works well .
the dresses look better in the picture . the detail is only on the front . cheaply made but good for play my daughter didn't seem to care
my daughter really likes this but i expected something more substantial , i guess so i was disappointed . didnt feel like it was worth the $ $ $ .
i got this as a christmas gift for my niece for christmas . she loved it and said frankie was her favorite character .
she's pretty and unique . only prob is her tail doesn't seem to stay on very well , but my 7 yr old daughter loves her
the puzzles have fun , vibrant images and come in a wise variety of puzzle sizes so that toddlers can work their way up to the largest puzzle .
i bought this for my nephew for a gift . he loved it . its great to challenge the mind .
if you're looking for little star wars bird like balls to get lost all over your house , well you have found it !
glad i got it before the prices went threw the roof . 14.49 i would never pay over 20 for this doll .
toad was an exciting addition to my 6 year old son's mario collection . it is made of durable materials and is the perfect size for cuddling ! !
my son has a blast using these ! family play doh time is awesome ! almost everyday he asks to play with play doh !
she absolutely loved it though so if you are looking for a silly game to play with kids try it out rave reviews from her .
i unfunny , not compraia again ! brinquendo ( toy ) found this very dull . i do not know if my kids will like .
this magnetic set is really nice , a far cry from paper dolls of yesteryear . my granddaughter likes playing with this set .
little ones love duplos and it's easy for their little chunky hands to manipulate and build things . great pair with creative cars .
this was the first helicopter that i actually enjoyed using.love the controls and ease of use , great for beginner !
our granddaughter loved the sketch portfolio and commenced to play with it as soon as it was opened on christmas day .
my nephews and their dad love to play with these . good , clean entertainment and easy for all ages to use .
got it to store cars . a nice quick and grab . easy to open and close . its nice looking as well .
grandson loves this toy . both of my grandsons have one and have hours of fun with it . and it's very convenient for travel .
the baby really liked to play with this stacking toy , and the sounds are an added bonus in my opinion .
grandson liked the transformer movie he was happy to get a well made toy . he said he would recommend it to any kid .
this doll is amazing in so many ways . from her outfit to the painting of her ' sugar skull ' face . truly beautiful .
it is better to get the rechargerable battery , your kids would be able to play for hours . . it is working good so far
all the kids were fighting over this at christmas . a toy that will not be ignored . i don't remember what i paid but it was worth it .
simple but beautiful , all the details of the dolls are unique . the picture doesn't show the beauty of this doll .
my son is so happy on this toy - - he bursts out into laughter every time he sits on it and bounces !
this is probably one of the puzzles with the cutest characters . there is no image on the board to help , which makes it more interesting .
nice colors and variety in this pack . my daughter enjoyed the colors and it keeps her busy , mom enjoys that .
works great in any play kitchen . the kids really love all the colors . and i would recommend this to anyone .
great gift for toddler boy and an outlet for excess energy , frustration . teaches balance , cause and effect . would buy again .
i love this game . i have a blast playing it and it really makes you think fast and challenges your vocabulary !
how can you go wrong with these classic kid items , the price was great and it arrived quickly as described
amazing as the rest , continues the depravity . pick it up and throw it in your big black box and hilarity ensues .
my daughter loved this toy when she was crawling but after she got to walking she never played with it again .
my son loves all things trucks - this is a great magnet set and the backs are completely covered with the magnet versus one small piece
i had the cootie game when i was a child many years ago . i look forward to playing it with my 4 - year-old .
my girls love the characters and costumes from the 13 wishes movie . they're super excited to get some for christmas
good play value . cute . seems made well . lots of fun . daughter has electronic , but plays more with this horse . yay !
this is a wonderful gift for any small child . gave it to a 3 year old and he can't get enough of it .
i absolutly adore this kit , i made a beautifull doll and it was so cheap the cost , that i simply had to get 2 of them
great gift for a young child . learns a lot with these . you can be very creative with them . as the child will learn to also .
my grandson loves to be like his daddy and this was the perfect gift . my grandson loves it and he can now be just like daddy !
my 6 year old enjoyed playing with this . it is also a good learning experience for him as it teaches him how levers and pulleys work .
last year we gave my granddaughter the fisher-price grand doll house for christmas . she love animals and this was a cute addition for her dollhouse .
this a a wonderful bubble mixture . the bubbles don't pop easily . they are large and sturdy . they stay aloft and are also very colorful .
this was a gag gift game we havent played it yet but it is funny just sitting on the coffee table .
he had some fun with this but mostly from turning it upside down to see how it works . a bit over rated . i would not buy it again
it was great quality and perfect for my 6 year old . he can't wait to open the next day and find his next surprise .
my little ladybug ( granddaughter ) loves her happy napper ! we have had no problems with it . it's very soft and cuddly for her .
gave this to my nephew and he played with it for a good long while . many adults wanted to try itas well . good for the brain !
within five seconds , it jammed and all of the marshmallows were stuck inside . what a joke of a toy !
gorgeous toy . worth it . beautiful fur and wings , so cute . daughter loves it even though we bought for our son to be's nursery .
i got this for 8 year old daughter . she loves it , especially the unicorn design on it . no one in her class had on like it .
nice collection of hot wheel cars . box display is also nice . i picked these as little stocking-stuffers for the children .
this is a great product for your children and is high quality . this kit gives the 20 different options and choices to create .
my thirteen year old grandson likes ninjago and this is another set for his collection . durable toy that can be passed down to the next generation ,
my daughter loves playing with her crazy hair . only problem is that it makes her super top heavy . still very cute !
arrived fast , came free with the leappad ultra set . can't wait to see my daughters face christmas morning when she opens her present !
pretty accurate looking doc mcstuffins doll . happy with it and i think my niece will be too . if she doesn't , too bad .
my son loves this . we all enjoyed playing it . so much fun and it goes really high . definitely recommend this .
our nephew loved it . it makes fun sounds and is a good size . got it for his 1st birthday . would buy again
this was another hit with my 3yo and 1yo grandkids who love anything thomas . i have ordered more thomas toys for christmas .
my nieces loves these things . they have made everyone a bracelet . good quality and large quantity for a good price .
if i were a kid i would love to play with these . they are adorable and lasting . look yummy , too !
this game is really challenging and it is fun . the book is small and the animals are very small , but i like it and would recommend it .
used these for a school fair-durable and very easy to face paint with them . i will purchase these again as needed .
perfect size for little hands . parts are big enough works for a year old child . lends to their imagination and creativity to play .
this is the only toy that i open i got a excellent purchase with this toy needs to be a must in your dbz collection
it is what it is . it works great with our art easel . fits just fine in the tiny hands of my toddler .
just your typical flash cards . not bad but i was disappointed when the next week i found them at my local dollar tree .
my granddaughters are becoming real crafty and this fits right in with their ideas on making different items - good buy
i was disappointed that there were so few cards . it was a four year old and he lost interest quickly . they were also not very durable .
my daughter is eight . she still loves barbies . she plays barbies way more then with her american girl dolls . she loves this barbie .
awesome game , we love it . great action and suspense . great for all ages . highly recommend . if you love super heros you must buy
this little carrying case is awesome for all my daughter's little lalaloopsy dolls and all their stuff ! ! it is great for traveling !
this kit expands the possibilities of the aqua doodle mat . simple in concept but yet entertaining to the kids and aids in expanding their creativity .
makes great animals . they are pretty small , about the size of an adults hand . quite a few tiny pieces that are easily lost .
i got this as a gift---they are very cute ! i have to say they are not traditional " matreshkas " but still make an excellent present and are fun
gambit is my boy and im glad to own him . he looks so dam cool and is well worth purchasing
this is a cute learning toy . my 10 month old daughter loves the noises it makes when she pushes the buttons .
smaller than the old ones , but adequate at least it seems well made so far my grandson ignores it so far
grand kids just love it . has all the right stuff , and storage for the stuff that they are not using . quality is excellent .
great product for growing child . my 5 mo old grandson loves it and it won't be long and he will know his colors along with all the songs .
no complaints . good quality stuff , and worth the money.my daughter loved it , and uses all of it frequently . melissa and doug hasnt dissapointed me yet !
they are bright and very colorful . the will make learning fun with the eyes and easy to handle size for little hands .
i have more than one . these are nice little dolls . not too big or small . they get lots of love .
this is another item that i got for my grand babys and they are really nice and will love them .
i bought this as a dry lubricant for my rc helicopter tail belts . for that it works great . the price was right , glad i bought it .
my 4 and 7 yr old like playing this game . i have to say that it's a bit boring for me though .
very cute present for my niece . she is five years old & wants to be a vet when she grows up .
fun cash register ! it is very life like except for the pink color : $ my daughter enjoys talking into the microphone or using the scanner .
this is a great learning tool but help is needed occasionally from an adult . sounds and colors are great and help teach
perfection in both cost , durability and value . bought for children aging four - ten . they love it and play with it all the time .
was very i expensive so didn't expect a lot from it . granddaughter liked it so that's all that counted i guess .
i enjoyed this munchkin game since it adds new ways to win the game as well as new classes and monsters .
my 15 month old daughter loves stacking and sorting the set and my 5yr old son loves serving everyone tea & cocoa . :)
this is pretty and fun to do . we just didn't like it as well as the others we have ordered .
i love seeing him play with it and learn and he loves doing it . there are a lot of projects .
my two year old likes iti just think i couldve went to walmart and got the same thing for a couple of dollars
it was too simple . it wouldn't keep a childs attention for very long . it would be a good stocking stuffer
nice . good price , funfun for kids , teens or adultsmad e wellgood for a gifti would buy them again
my five year old now has an activity that is fun . he loves putting it together since he didn't need any help .
bought for a three year old . he loved it and got a lot of play time with this truck . recommend .
we bought the dinosaur magnets for my 4 year old and my 2 year old loved them so much , i ordered the farm animal set for him !
my 10 year old grandson loves this telescope , and his dad is having lots of fun with it too ! great for time with dad .
absolutely adorable . ordered with the noah's ark book and our little granddaughter loved them both - the story and being able to reenact noah's journey .
i bought this for my niece who loves cookie monster . she has really enjoyed counting the cookies with her cookie monster stuffed animals .
what's not cool about it ? it's sturdy and neat and looks just like the avengers shield . my son loves it and plays with it all the time .
very cool and hard to find in stores . my son loves ninja turtles and loves this guy - plays with him a lot .
this was a christmas present for my nephew . the in - laws liked that since he's only 2 right now , that this will grow with him .
what little boy wouldn't love it because heavy equipment seems to make their little hearts beat faster . colorful and fun . ideal for the 4 years old .
our daughters love this toy , and we enjoy playing with them ! this is such a fun playdoh set . lots of possibilities .
my grandchildren have enjoyed this toys along with some other dragons ... would like it to be a little bigger but they don't care what size it is ...
had a lot of fun doing this puzzle . recommend it to those who aren't quite up to puzzles with 1,000 pieces .
other than the price difference , my toddler loves these block and they were well worth the money . they bring my toddler a lot of enjoyment .
purchased this for my lone ranger collection and absolutley love it very well detailed and looks just like armie hammer , glad i purchased this item .
nice little car plus a barbie doll for one low price . how can you go wrong ? my daughters love it .
this is for my daughter's birthdays . she will love it ! she loves sheep and she loves stuffed animals so this is going to be awesome !
this is a nice little toy for your little one boy or girl . they will have fun playing for a long time .
this little bear is super cute and soft . i love gund . they make high quality products . i would buy this again !
accessories are small for younger children but detail and quality are excellent ! ! not stiff or cheaply made like other action figures ! !
christmas gift for the girls but really excited for them to have it for their leap pads . great service too !
my daughters are into making these charm bracelets and they come out very cute to say the least . anything to keep them happy i say !
gave as a gift to my nephew and it was apparently a great hit for christmas . he liked adding to his lego collection .
super fun toy with lots of features and playability . my son really enjoys it . a good successor to fisher-price toys of yeteryear !
the child can bearly see the screen . new batteries were put in and the screen is to dark.vickey e
my kids loved these things . they feel like a substantial toy , not a cheap party favor . i would buy them again for sure .
very nice buy ... helps to protect the innotab 2 and 2s from marks but you still have to find something that will protect the screen !
this product is well made and i would recommend this as part of your thomas collection . my 2yr old loves the sounds the lighthouse makes .
great for a present . my little niece thinks it's amazing . but with all noise making objects ... i'm glad it's not my kids !
ordered this as a birthday present . the child liked it . i was just slightly disappointed that it was smaller than i had anticipated .
really cool little set . i liked how you got all the main characters . as a plus you get mr . smee
it's a great stuffy , comes just as it looks , nice bright colors , not sure what else to say , my kids loved it
my son can come up with some crazy configurations with this toy . he really has a lot of fun with it .
very beautiful and true to size . the lalaloopsy's fit perfectly large or small . the basket at the end is perfect for the animal friends .
good quality . came as advertised . cant go wrong with these during bath time . my son will love these toys . k
my 8 month old loves this you and so does my three year old ! cute toy with many features . rolls , makes noise , colors and shapes !
the kids love it and it is great protection for the kids when they drop it . would purchase it again .
my husband has enjoyed this product for our swimming pool inflatables . it does the job and saves time doing it manually .
so it makes noises and it makes the kiddos laugh . not very big but that is not what we wanted .
my boy is a john deere fan anyway so when this came out of the box he was exited ! he has almost worn the wheels off of it !
this game will invite you to parties , trust me . so order all the expansion packs as well as the bigger blacker box .
it's okay but really didn't see a lot of time from either of my girls and they both really love puzzles .
i bought this for my 1 year old granddaughter and she loves it . she totes it around then pulls everything out .
baby was able to pull suction off at 6 months but likes playing with it.nice distraction after feeding although at 14months he is bored with it
i have to say , this jet comes apart very easy ... and frustrating for my daughter and i to continually have to try and fix everything .
a little boy in my family loves spiderman . he was delighted when he opened the gift and has loved playing with it for months .
it was a gift for my neice who really liked it . she is really a fan of the walking dead series
daycare kids love this . only issue is the top yellow scale piece comes right off . have to look for it quite often
these are so cute and really well made ! they fit our american girl doll , and the fabric and the color are adorable .
these have contributed to hours of indoor winter fun . some kids make them on the loom . others make bracelets with their hands .
the ones in your family that collect pokemon cards to play games this is a good sized lot of 100 to start them out with .
yet another fantastic addition to the btn line . i utterly love the figures they have made . or should i say the figuarts . figurine art .
legos is very popular and my grandson is a great lego collector and this will be a nice addition to his collection .
kids need a lot of these to build . i wish they were cheaper so i could have botten them more
my granddaughter loved the bands and especially liked the color ... she said they were comfortable on her little fingers to work with .
we bought bought 2 of these sets and they are adorable and perfect for little ones . my 2 year old can dress and undress her by herself .
i ordered 2 sets and my little one and her girlfriends have a blast creating new dolls and trying to out create each other
the first one needs to be faily easy.then they need their own mouse . i put a green sticker on the key to turn it on .
my granddaughter loves this set ! it's so cute , and the family has had many tea party's , very good quality , of course it's fisher price !
high quality non toxic paint . very nice good dark colors that work well . nice set . good price i guess , pretty decent . highly recommended .
this is tons of fun for the beach ! has hours of fun ! they are also very strong and work really well .
all the castle creatures interact with each other and the castle . very cool daughter loves . i would recommend this toy
my nephew loved his thomas and friends toys , everyday i see him he is still playing with them . i cant complain ! ! !
loads of fun for hours ! great way to introduce the kids to rockets and projectiles . safe to use inside also .
beautiful puzzle . i cannot wait to put it together . i love doing puzzles . the pieces are very high quality and the picture is nice
my grandson loved working with this set . it is good for the imagination . the price is good . it keeps him busy for hours .
this package came in the time promised . the price is much cheaper than toys r us which is so so so nice !
this is an awesome set and great for my four year old . great container and much like the creator sets , as more than one set of instructions .
we bought this for our grandson's first birthday . he loves the puzzle . the shapes , color & size of the pieces are perfect for little hands .
i bought this for my grandaughter for christmas , her parents go her the stable and told me she was going to need this to go with it .
my preschooler loves to add this hiro to his collection ! very well made and nice color . very happy for the purchase .
the material quality is really nice and the puppy sound is pretty audible . the pleasant songs and abcs are really soothing .
cute pillow and pet . makes a snoring noise and the kids adore them . very soft and wash nicely .
my nephew loves this toy ! i purchased this for his first birthday and it is one of his favorites and he plays with it all of the time .
bought these for my mom . i can't attest to long term use since she's only had them a couple weeks now but she loves them so far .
thanks to this cute monkey i bought for my daughter she can now snap her own jacket and pants and enjoys practicing too !
this was purchased for my 3 year old grandson for his new puppet theatre . he will be able to use the puppets with his brothers .
the plastic is really thin on these eyes . but they are great looking and provided tens of minutes of entertainment .
this gets used alot . very durable and easy to clean . fits nicely against the wall
grandsons who are four and two love playing with them . they aren't so interested in the action figure , bit love the plane !
got this for my neice and nephew for xmas , had no idea that leggos were coming back so strong . .
great quality . just as nice as american girl brand but much more affordable . i would not hesitate to buy this brand again .
great ag outfit at a fraction of the cost . my daughters favorite one . boots run a tad bit small but still fit .
this was a requested christmas gift for rue 8 yr old girl . she loved putting it together by herself . great gift for 6-8 year old girls .
a great addition to the rest of the cards against humanity game ! could even play this pack by itself with a handful of players .
just as cute as pictured . just wish more doll clothes were available that are so well made . super great purchase .
nice set of the major characters from jake and the nederland pirates . nice toys that fit well on bucky . nice toys
they are the real size of fruit and are colored well . i do not like how much they smell like chemicals though .
what a great first-instrument for your tot . just make sure you don't live in an apartment . sound " carries " a good distance .
i got these for my girls and loved it so much i got my neice some for her birthday , she was ecstatic ! ! !
my daughter loves these ! ! ! she plays with them everyday . very sturdy and nice details . the cars roll with ease . highly recommend ! ! !
if they love their lego's they need these for expanding their ideas without dismantling ... good safe fun that adults love too
nice little house and carry case , stores furniture , and can be used as a doll housereminded me of the barbie cases back in the day .
our almost 2 yr old loves these . they fit perfect with her melissa and doug shopping cart and kidkraft kitchen .
these tanks are well made . they are sturdy and nicely painted . my 9 year old son loves them . i recommend them highly .
my daughter has not put brianna down since she got her . brianna goes everywhere we go .. out , bed , dinner , bathroom .. lol thanks
this is a really fun game . my son has played with it a little bit . i have played with it a lot !
my little girl is all about thomas right now and just loves this . very cute and lots of fun . def recommend this .
son loved it played with it the whole day ! it was a little loud but we just put a little piece of tape over the speaker
havent really start doing thus didnt use this book yet . but this book will come in handy to me since i'm first time doing it !
the unicorn castle is beautifully made and appeals to children between the ages of 3 - 7 . will definitely buy again .
the pieces are made great ! i think the rules will take some explaining to teach others but i am excited to get my group together and learn .
this is a nice plush of amy , my 5 year old is satisfied with her - and daughter can be tough to please . :)
he'd been looking everywhere for batman , but it was always sold out . so glad it came quickly & was just what he wanted .
perfect for my 2nd grader in the middle of an insect science unit . great with multiple size openings , magnifying glass and strap over the shoulder .
this is a great game for our family . so fun to play . the price was very good also . price was good .
bought this as a gift for a gamer . they love it , it is unique game . great for all ages .
fisher-price totally gets it . i always remember their toys being in my family as a kid . i trust them and enjoy the variety of ideas .
bought for 2 ninja turtles for my 3 year old grandson . seems durable enough and should be exciting . great price on amazon .
this is a timeless toy . i will have these in my house until my children completely outgrow them . they are wonderful !
these are exactly like i pictured them to be . will go nicely with the pirate ship i also ordered as a gift .
i love frankie . she is so cute . i think that this black and white version is even better though . she is so unique .
we are loving playing this game ! we've played so much that we had to buy more balloons ! lots of fun for the whole family !
we got this as a gift for our 2 - year-old daughter , she loves it and her big brother loves to play with her with it .
the kids seem to like it . i guess it's ok , i haven't seen them play with it much at all .
this is a neat feature that came with the new leapster explorer game . my son is enjoying the came and the game .
car have a place to be put away and the kids can carry it with them.all in one place . nice !
if you're looking for a play tent that has a lot of stuff , affordable , and easy to put away this is it .
we love this game . play it a lot with our camping friends . it is easy to play , and a lot of fun too .
i'm not always sure about the " cheerleader dolls " but ghoul spirit spectra looks great ! her outfit is cute . a nicely done doll .
i bought 2 leotards - 1 for each of my daughters ' dolls . the girls love them . adorable . the gold medal is a really nice touch .
these were great for my husband and kids to play with on new year's eve . they really enjoyed them , even though they are not wireless .
i have purchased other world tech toys and loved them . this one is no exception ! and the kids absolutely love that it's batman !
the detail is great . it was easy to assemble and provides hours of fun ! it's lego's which are always a hit !
a gund product ; my kid clutches onto all of the time ; probably it's the look and feel of the product !
my nephew loves his new laptop ! it's so great ! my daughter has the same one but it's purple of course !
love the action figure . hanging on my wall with the others along withe posters i've collected . thank you . blood n guts !
this was an excellent toy for the price i paid . seemed sturdy and granddaughter will have hours of fun with it .
i bought these to put in the treasure box at school , all the kids love them and they work well .
nice train set to get started with .. my grand-daughter enjoys it and so i purchased more tracks to add on . . great quality for the price .
my grandson loves legos . he will play for a long time building and rebuilding . he is 8 and really enjoyed receiving this gift .
though its more purpleish than pink ... looks like the picture in real person ... seems to hold its own so far
i was very surprised in the quality of this household accessory set , its real wood and seems to be very durable . thumbs up plan toys !
this stirs the creativety in children . they are kept occupied an they develope the ability to concentrate.for long periods of time .
this is a good sized puzzle , but the the picture makes absolutely no sense . overall okay but i don't love it .
my toddler loves the different animals and it's an easy puzzle for someone that young . the animals are nicely done .
to be honest , i thought godzilla was a lot bigger than this . he seems so much more impressive when he is attacking toronto japan .
love these games . they are great for learning . nice small package that contains all you need for the game . my kids love playing these pop games .
my granddaughter liked the gift very much but the ponies were bested by barbie . she still played with them on chritstmas
good awesome toy and good color fit to it and value may go up if take care of it , it good
safe dart board for younger grandsons but the darts did not stick on very well so it disappointed me ... they liked it so we kept it .
this is my review of the dragondragon ball z s . h figuarets goku have liked 7 hands and 3 heads
these were the worsy water colors we have ever used . they got goopy and runny after one use . do not buy these .
i bought this for my grand-daughter's birthday . magic school bus items are generally interesting and educational , and my grand-daughter has enjoyed this item .
my granddaughter enjoys this toy because she can play with it and pretend someone is dancing with her . she loves the pony toys .
protects against being dropped or thrown for sure ... just wish it wasn't purple but my son didn't mind the color so whatever !
just what every boy needs for his collection of cars . easy to carry around , makes " inventory control " easier for them .
wood checkers with stackable ridge - dark brown / natural is good quality item . very good price . i like that it comes in a bag .
these is a great set , my daughter loved it and is constantly playing with them aswell as with the lizzard set .
the spiderman is resistant and excellent quality ... it moves very well and you can play well with the spiderman
we love these . my daughter has spent hours playing with these . i would highly recommend these - also great for road trips !
no matter what way it is attack or stamina mode it cannot beat the duo uranus which dissapoints me to no end , however it's parts are really good .
i bought the thomas and friends wooden railway sir topham hatts car for his wooden railway train set he loves it
my daughter loves this toys . she likes to press all the different buttons and hear the sounds . not too loud either .
you pay a little more for these , but it's well worth it . it's a lot more realistic than the others i have seen on the market .
my 2 year old grandson loves thomas and friends trains - - - i have just started buying them for him and he loves this one also
great for my fanatic train loving daughter ! dash was great but of course you have to get his buddy bash ! great for the price .
this game is fun . the rules are not really described well but i still have a good time playing it with my 7 year old !
cute little toy . i ordered it as a stocking stuffer and my kids still love to play with it , over 6 months later .
i like how easy it was to put this together . my daughter was so excited . she was even able to help me assemble it .
my son is a gamer and this is a great game for him to add to his collection . will make a great gift .
didn't attract my sons attention as much as other toys . he still has fun though with lego duplo . good quality .
these feel amazing on your head . they are a little cheap materials wise , but i'm not going to complain after all the price was great :)
this is a great activity to do at the table when you need your child to play on their own so you can cook or pick up .
lego is a perfect fun and such a good quality time for my curios handy boy 7 yrs old son .
excellent gift to give with a barbie . use your own voice or a mans voice to record your message to barbie . fun ! !
got this for our son during a surgery he had and we really like this and it is built tough
these assorted stamps are cute and work very well . they are perfect for filling easter eggs as well as making little cards .
this accessory is for the larger leap pad instead of the smaller leap pad 2 . we returned it and ordered the correct case for the leap pad 2 .
a gift for a 2.5 year old . she loves her baby dolls and was happy to have this so she could care for her dolls .
to much to assemble . to many little pieces . if i had known it would take this much time i would never have ordered .
my granddaughter loves this coat for her american girl doll . it fit so well and keeps her warm . such fun
it's absolutely fantastic the feeling of fear ! the pressure that the survivors pass and randomness of the game creates a very tense atmosphere !
we love these . we use them for the kids when they are playing outside or swimming . it's a nice big pack of them for the price .
lots of fun , makes cool sound effects and an all around fun toy . my 2 1/2 year old son loves it
my kids love writing , painting , coloring on this . it works well with melissa & doug easel ( old and new model ) .
this product is neat and easy the kids loved it and was safe for all i would recommend it to all
more legos ... more legos ... more legos ... more legos ! ! ! this is a great box to add to your evergrowing lego collection of general bricks .
my daughter will be thrilled to get this for christmas . the price was excellent , and i know the doll will get played with !
it is very cheap , but it is really not a good iron man figure.shape , painting are just really rough
it's all just bricks various size and colors . this is a great package to add to already existing lego sets .
favorite of my grandson's . has a collection.big bowser is his favorite one and tells everyonewhat bowser does in the game .
you have to have a brewster in your collection . i can't wait until my grandson finds it in his easter basket . shipped fast too .
cheap plastic head . doesn't respond easily to the ball coming in its mouth . basic mechanics . no electricity . complete waste of money .
it's a decent figure but not worth anything over eight or nine dollars . this figure looks better than the batman figure but still best left in packaging .
our granddaughter loves these to play with . they are durable and easy to take places . they fit in her small hands nicely .
i bought this for my niece and so far no complaints other than she would like a mr . potato head too .
at 15 months , she loves to push buttons for sound . she isn't doing imaginary play yet . i don't like the extra attached wall pieces or fencing .
my son uses his leappad almost every day so this charger is a must . holds it charge for quite a while .
she just love this game so much thank you so much for this givft and i am happy she likes it to
love your prices and services ... the toy was a gret gift .. i will be looking to you for great deals
my daughter loves paging through this book and feeling all of the different textures ! it had held up wonderfully , and she looks at it often !
bought it as gift - no real feedback so i can not give you any useful advice on this product .
a little hard to open and close for a child . my child didn't seem to be very interested in this toy .
great i just wish it was lacquered works well i love that it was fast to put together and that it does not eat up space in the room
this is just the sort of thing that babies love ... buttons and noise ! well made . great one year old toy . i'd recommend it .
very happy my son with this product , excellent recommend it are very well made toys , i like , excelente i like
my son loves to draw with them . more than enough colors to choose from . carrying case is holding up well , too .
my grandaughter loves this puzzle . and thats all i needed to hear . also it came very quick . i was pleased with the service thank you jackie .
this is a great car and cute to boot . can't wait to see our grand daughters face on christmas as she opens it .
this toy is fun if you have the micro mack truck . this toy is great for children 4 + , my son is going to be excited .
daughter loves this toy . she has a lot of toys but she plays with this one more than others . she can set it up herself .
we've played this with people of all ages . you can make it as difficult or easy as you want . everyone has had fun with it .
we loved building this set together ( my 7 yr old and i ) . it is neat how the wings can move up and down .
gave this our granddaughter who turned six . just what she requested and she loves it . i would recommended this item to anyone thinking of buying it .
when you have a house full of boys these socker boppers are essential to limiting the injuries that are accrued over a week .
i gave this as a christmas present to my nephew and he totally loved it . it has vibrant colors and all the gimmicks work fine .
the toy was shipped out quickly and well packed . my niece loved it when she opened it for her baby girl on christmas day .
i recommend this cute outfit , i granddaughter is a brownie and she will love it , maybe a little over price .
my kids love these dives sticks . they are a little pricey . i later saw them cheaper so make sure you shop around .
very cute candle . it was perfect for my daughters first birthday . burned nice and slow and came just like it looks in the picture .
this toy had part of the track that was defective , so it did not work . i would look for a different one .
this is yet , another christmas gift for my grandson and he will get to open it on christmas day when we gather for the occasion
for your little craftier this is an excellent choice to give.and i would recommend this to anyone looking for a first sewing kit .
keeps my nephew laughing and occupied . one of many available for ixl system . animation and sound are great will entertain them for endless hours ..
it great for the lakes i found it to be bigger than i thought so i have to save it for the lakes
these are great copters for under $ 25 . i purchased 4 and all worked from the get go and continue to work great !
perfect as gifts for the kids for the camping themed party . the kids had a lot of fun and were pretending to be little explorers .
this was a birthday gift for my great-grandson . i think it will be fine . he loved it . it looked just as advertised .
we were looking forward to getting kevin for a long time and we love it now we have him , yay
great fun ! we own nearly all of the fluxx games and enjoy them all ! ! highly recommend any of them . great for two or more players .
if you got a dirty mind you need this . if you don't have a dirty mind you need one then you need to get this .
lots of paper and big enough to draw and paint ! ! kids loved it ! ! will buy some more in future
great price and this was a perfect " starter " monster high doll for my 4 - year-old . i'm sure we will be buying many more !
my granddaughter loves them . she plays with all of the doll clothes i have bought for her . i even sewed some for her .
fun fun fun fun ... never boring always an adventure always recreating always adding on or rebuilding ... great gifts for kids
not real impressed with this kit , it's not up to normal k'nex standards , it doesn't stay together well and is quite small . i'd recommend looking elsewhere .
this is a fun learning game but i you could easily print a popcorn picture on cardstock and stuck it in a bowl .
this is a piece a junk . lots of low quality plastic parts and nearly impossible to use . i would not recommend this to anyone .
a great project for hours of enjoyment to build then many more for playing with . repositionable parts are very well constructed . great directions too .
i love this chalk ... first i wanted to go with something cheaper but this one is soft and nice plus suitable even for 16 month old kid .
this toy is a hit with my 4 year old boy . we also have the t-rex but this one is much preferred . nice sounds and movement .
this set was okay , but not as sturdy as i would have liked . it fell apart after just a few months .
the ultimate nail studio kit is an excellent item for any young girl ! it keeps her and her friends playing for hours !
these are great old fashion toys that take a beating and keep on going . with the switchable wheels and bright colors they are a definite win .
my son wanted a locking journal but all i could find was girly stuff . so glad to have found this one with a more general theme .
great figure and a must for any batman fan . now give us a carrie robin to go with him mattel !
an excellent buy so far , easy to assemble and quick charge then on the road to fun . this item is great for the 2-4 yr old .
the grandkids think these are amazing . i think they are cute too . they can be so creative when designing their own jewelry .
exactly the obnoxiousness we anticipated when ording this product . no description really necessary . it's obscene and wonderful . that's basically it .
i love the way this dino is modeled . he seems to be screaming at something we can not see . a very good addition to my collection .
great value ! i got this as a birthday gift for my 7 year old niece and she just loves it !
this is a gift to my friend . the beauty of this game is the simplicity of the mech . - quick and fun game .
these dive toys are a great weight , are durable , and stay clean and looking good . we are very pleased with this purchase .
the monster high swim dolls are cool . i love the lagoona blue version . her swim suit is cute and love those shades . great doll
the kids really liked this lego because their father has one like it and they could relate to it and good kit as usual .
just the right size for tiny little girl hands right now but awfully small to try to stack and build .
it's good if you are supervising and directing the play , but less interesting for individual play . the packaging could be improved as well .
cards against humanity is easily one of my favorites , and the expansion is no different . it adds even more replay ability to this already repayable game .
we own a few other transformer rescue bots and this one was as expected . they are nice for younger children because they easily transform .
this is a great addition to the minecraft plush family . it's well made and an accurate rendition of the screen version .
lalaloopsy littles are oh so cute and have the high quality of the original lala dolls . these are a favorite gift in my home !
son loves these ... playing in sand box , helping daddy in the yard , playing with blocks , etc ... sturdy construction with 4 tools in the set
i purchased this toy as a stocking stuffer . it was used once , and then it was never heard from again ...
bought for my almost two year old.this added to her utensils for her kitchen.she now has a complete kitchen along with apron .
my daughter sleeps with curious george every night and loves him . very soft and well made , a must have for curious george lovers !
this was a perfect gift - my niece adores the melissa and doug food sets - and this one was probably her favorite ever !
haven't played much with this one however another x-wing piece to add to my collection to play the game is fine with me !
these are a favorite of our young ones , and each monster high doll seems to be more clever than the last . a fun and durable toy .
cheapest i could find these for and are still lasting after think 6 months . i got 400 of them . kids love these
this is a excellent learning tool for a 4 year old . a learning tool that is full of adventures and games .
hard to beat 25 pieces for the price . the tools are really good quality and have held up well under abuse . no complaints
my 12 year old grandson wins as often as not . but it's not a kids ' game . looking forward to the ( already announced ) expansion .
given to my daughter and granddaughter for valentine gifts . they love it and lay down before going sleep to watch light color changes
my niece just turned one & loves this toy ! one of her absolute favorites when she comes to our house .
we bought this for my nephew that turned 6 . he loves superheroes and action figures . he was thrilled to receive spider-man .
gift for a great grandson and he loved it ! ! ! it was one of the special things on his christmas list ! ! !
if it is a contruction toy my grandson will love it . he prefers a dump truck but loves the loader .
we love dominion , settlers , acquire , the great dalmuti ... this one ranks right up at the top ! ! great fun , glad i bought it !
wonderful product . love the colors and concept . love the storage box . very srudy and holdup well to busy little hands ,
i love the leapfrog learning games and my granddaughter does too ! she can't put them down . she loves these characters and the game is really fun .
my grandson loved this and can share this with his brothers , it is built well and should last a long while for the boys .
cute and funny remote . kids love it , tons of laugh and learn time and parents are eager to play with it al well .
all you do is hook it up to your computer with the included usb cable and you can download books to read .
excellent product just what we needed and it as delivered in one day , i love amazon prime .
very cute and easy to get on . i would recommend to everyone . the suede is so soft and the zipper goes up and down easily .
i have five pieces of 200 mah batteries and having an extra two-port charger keeps my helicopter always ready to fly .
how fun is this ? very ! the kids love it ages 4 and 6 and really helps them balance which my clumsy kids need !
this game is fun for the family . however , if you play alot you start to know the cards and isn't as much fun .
kevin is a hit with my grandson who is 2 yo . he just loves thomas and friends train play sets .
this game may seem somewhat complicated at first , but it is a blast ! i always look forward to playing this game .
great little toy . came oackaged great . daughter loves this . she loves the brush the ponies hair ! colors are true and very durable .
i gauge things on how much attention my preschoolers give it and if it is durable . this is a nice sturdy set and the kids love it .
we really enjoyed putting this model together ! ! ! it was very easy & fun to assemble & it is so wonderfully detailed ! ! !
i gave this as a present and the child liked it a lot . i have seen him carrying it with him at times .
bought this as christmas present for a little girls who's crazy about the sofia the first cartoon show . she was really excited . nice gift
my nephew loved this for his birthday ! it was the small pack , but it was something you couldnt find in the stores ! he loved it
a great learning toy for many ages . so many different angels to teach the little ones . i would recommend it .
i made this purchase for someone else who then gave it to someone for christmas . i know she was pleased .
it's big paper.you get what's advertised.it ' s a heavier grade than normal copy paper and its ' glossier for finger painting .
it did what it said it would i was thinking it was a little different but over all not dissapointed .
does not fly well . cannot adjust trim perfectly . hard to land . very fragile rotors . i returned mine . buy the s107 instead .
my 2.5 year old loves playing this game . i suggest turning the volume down because some of the prompts can become repetative and annoying .
these puzzles and beautiful and easy to piece together . they are bright and cut out well . great beginning puzzles for little kids .
these dolls are pretty cool and my niece really loved it . she has so many of these now she doesn't know what to do with them ! lol
these were a huge hit at my daughter's 2nd birthday party . cheap and fun . kids ( and parents ) loved them . worth it .
too big for small children . more of a gag for teenagers . snaps fall out . will not buy in the future .
if you can deal with the song over and over , which doesnt bother me , its a cute thing to have . my kids love it .
simple , light weight and basic . my 18 month old grandson loves it ! propeller could twirl a bit easier . it was bigger than i expected .
awesome for family get togethers . you can play these games and talk and relax at the same time .
this fits the leap pad 2 perfectly and my 3 year old loves the color . nice protection too although it doesn't protect the screen .
great canopy wagon , easy to put together and quick shipping ! excellent value and the hard top canopy with cup holders is really useful .
wahouuuu very nice , good price , in france thé price is more expensive , my daugther is going to be very happy
purchased as a gift for my grandson and he loves using it . like the fact that it is foam and doesn't do damage in the house .
my 7 - year old son really likes playing with these and keeps them on his shelf as decoration when not in use !
my son uses this every day ! it is such a wonderful addition to the train tracks . probably the most used of all the pieces .
this is one of my grandson's favorite books . he goes to it over and over again . " do it again " he'll say .
great little magic trick that always confounds my friends . i just wish that their were more ways of tricking people with this .
step grandson loved this . he loves the ninja turtles and collects the figurines . he didn't have this one , so he was really happy to have raphael
is a great game for the whole family . have enjoyed playing this game since we bought it . just read the rules and get ready for family fun
this puzzle is great ! big and sturdy puzzle pieces , making beautiful picture once put together . quality product , i would gladly recommend !
all my life i have wanted nesting dolls and when i found these at a reasonable price i grabbed them and they are gorgeous
the doll arrived as described . i have ordered several things from mattel through amazon and have never had a problem . my daughter loved this gift .
those cars is very good my son ( 2.5 years old ) loves those cars i reccomend those cars for all little boys
my son created christmas presents with this product and now i'm using it for my other son to trace letters . great
my five year old grandson will add to his collection of legos with this bucket . you can build many things . whatever your imagination allows . lifetime toy .
this was among our daughter's christmas presents this year . she absolutely loves it . it is very cute , soft , durable , and well made .
bought to use for stocking stuffers this year . they are sturdy and colorful and a good choice for little girls and boys .
i let my son rate this toy . he gave it 5 stars ! he loves the bullets , the lights , and that it fits two imaginext characters .
these boots came quickly and the ordering process was simple . my granddaughters can easily take them on and off their dolls .
i have like 10 of these , they are so comfy and they make me happy just by looking at them and my son loves them
granson really likes that he can use the bin for play and storage of his legos.well packed , fit well together.easy for him to carry too .
matches mario perfectly , exactly as described in the posting . there's not much else to say about these plushies , right size , looks like luigi
this is a great toy for the bath ! my son loves it . it is a lot of fun to play with .
very cute and our toddler loves it . wish it had an on / off switch but other than that it is great ! ! !
good as a toy but does not bring things very close . expected more magnification . lenses seem inadequate . but view is clear .
this combo is spectacular , having a boy monster high is unique , they are so well made and all the details that both dolls have are beautiful .
my grandkids loved it ! superb quality product , nicely priced , well packaged , arrived quicker than expected . could not be happier . ( word )
this doll is beautiful . one of the prettiest dolls i have seen in a long time . i purchased her as a gift for my daughter .
very cute little truck and it is very sturdy , my daughter carried it and throw it ... it is still singing happily ~
she loves monkeys and boots is one of her favorites so cute and just the right size to go along with her other little stuffed toys
our little girls loved getting these for christmas . these charms are so colorful and cute they will be a beautiful asset to the bracelets the kids are making .
vegeta is the third dragonball figure i now own and it is only going continue from there he now adorns my dvd set with the other two
this is the ugly yasmin ever i mean the hair n the clothes they all suck i dont recommed this bratz line get something esl like the pricess line
my daughter loves this toy , she plays while learning about letters and numbers . she loves to sing so the mic is a nice bonus for her !
i think i gave this toy too early . not much interest yet . we will pull this one out again when the girls are 3 and 4 .
our granddaughter is just getting into barbie and she loves this ! she also loves dogs , so this was perfect for her .
what not to like ? they are well made and fit 18 " dolls beautifully . always good to have extras for the well dressed doll .
this is so great to have for younger kids ( 9 ) . it has more of a chance for success than the original rubik's cube .
we love crayola , this gave us great colors , they are very washable . and have worked on any thing we have painted .
these are very cheap---we are disappointed in the quality of these . they seemed so much better when i was a kid . save your money .
just what you need for little ones . they do require the special paper , but they won't mark on walls , tables or anything but the paper .
the inno tab 2 is a great tool learning for children . easy to use and has many learning games for the system .
i bought this for my son since he loves to color and draw . he loves it so much that no one can touch or draw on it
these band do not glow in the dark as stated . however , the bands are made of high quality and the neon colors are very pretty . thanks
zombies ! ! ! everywhere . fun game if you don't mind getting killed over and over , lol . not for the feint of heart , lol .
when we gave this to our 4 year old grandson , he had the perfect comment : " this is what i've been wanting for my whole life ! "
purchased this melissa and doug basic skills board , that came highly recommended for my first nephew . now it will be used with my second nephew .
all good here . good figure . etc etc etc . needs to come with a figure stand though , now that i think on it .
this battery works perfect in my helicopters . work as advertised . i have no problems with it , and i would recommend to anyone . won't disappoint .
outfis are easy to put on and looks good on the doll . i look forward to buying more quality clothes monster high clothes .
both my boys use this to have loads of fun ! they use it with or with out nerf stuff very cool .
cute item . this locker is small and relatively lightweight , but is cute for pre-teens and young girls . it is ~ 10 inches high .
i have several of fluxxs games , this is one of the other fun fluxx to play with . we are those aliens try to destroy humans . hahah .
i ordered this for a zoo themed party and it was just the right touch . so cute , vibrant and the kids loved it !
this is just ok . my 17 month old grandson likes it ok . it was kinda expensive , and he doesn't seem to like it much .
adorable . my granddaughter will go to fl for the holiday's and will love dressing her american girl dolls in matching swim suits . good quality . very pleased .
what a cute little guinea pig that always lands on his feet . my son age 8 loves this little guy .
my son loved it . it was a very good christmas gift and it actually dose what is says it dose .
ordered for my granddaughter for christmas . this is what she ask for . i was very happy i could find what she ask for this year .
i love all these chunky puzzles and my grandson loves them also . they are perfect for little hands and fingers .
my two boys loved this toy ... up until age 3 . it was durable and very cute to play with . would definitely recommend .
my sons are both very into dragons right now and this one has stunning colors . can't wait to see their faces when they open the package .
the elephant was a bad set when you start building the set it wot stick on.it falls a part don't waste your money on this .
this is the classic , must have in your game repertoire . super fun , easy to learn , all ages can do this .
my grandson really liked the truck . i think all the added features such as the ability to put sand and gravel in the mixer were a big hit
my grandson loves playing with this . it has sounds and is easy to play with . will not break easily . i like this toy .
i got this set for goodie bags for toddlers . it comes in great colors , good quality , and good price . it's great bath toy for toddlers .
this is a nicely full tutu . it's perfect on our three year old granddaughter . the color is vibrant and the construction has held up well .
lots of fun and makes great rest time at beach when out of the water . card games great for all ages and family times ,
this bey is sonokong i wanted takara tomy but it was okay but the bearing drive craked open and i was mad but i guess i be careful
they get the job done . they don't all stand up but my five year old doesn't seem to care much . a little flimsy .
my wife is a huge gamer , she really enjoys having these on our sofa in our game room .. would recommend
5yr old loves it , he loves spiderman , so it was perfect ! ! he is always playing with it . good toy for him
this pump saved us so much time for making many balloons . we used it on the twisting balloons and regular balloons .
my grand daughter loves daniel tiger . it's been so hard to find toys that she can play with from that series . yeah , amazon comes through .
my granddaughter who is 9 loves the friends legos . she follows the directions and gets it done ! keep making them
the grand kids love this ! they love cutting and serving a variety of foods . they're well built and in a nice wooden box .
the kit overall is fine . the brush though was shot in a day . the kids used it for awhile and now it collects dust .
got it for my grand daughter and she loves it ~ all day long she stroller her babies around the house .
she liked this very much for her dolls because she is into the pattern of the pj so that is good
title says to all . the birthday girl is 7 years old and is an avidcollector of all monster high items .
great for a 2-3 year old . be sure to buy all thesesame characters . ( only 2 come with house )
my son loves it but hasn't held up quite as well as expected . don't pay too much for this hat .
belly is not as hard as i thought which is a good thing ! very quiet music also a plus for bedtime !
my son loves choo choos so this gift was perfect . it is very durable and holds up well to ruffer children . i would def buy again
a lovely gift for a granddaughter , just push the necklace and the doll talks . very sturdy and well made too .
just as i expected . item as described . came in good timing . was bought as a couple of christmas gifts and it worked just as i expected .
my daughter's school colors are purple and gold - - these were the perfect match and were gone in a flash . worked great .
this has not been used yet as it is a gift for christmas , but i have seen them advertised and know they will be loved by the grandchildren.cher
this is a good size for under the easel . it is easy to clean and forlds nicely when it is time to put it away .
my guys love this little pretty . it makes me excited to see my grandson loving things like this . hopefully his generation will change the world .
my grand son just had to have this . he has been pleased . he plays with this all of the time
these were a great item to put in little girls party favor bags ... they come in a bunch , and i know the girls loved getting them ...
great product for children with special needs . this product was made to last a lifetime . highly recommended .
i bought this to protect my daughter's leappad and it serves the purpose very well . the handle is a nice feature .
great price for this figure . couldn't seem to find these figures anywhere . needed to complete the collection and this helps so it .
this game is cute . you play by trying to catch ( literally ) the mice with the tin . it's a little tricky but fun .
my son and all my nieces and nephew love these . they are addictive and you can ever have enough . but boy are they expensive .
such a fun sensory activity for the toddlers . i also really enjoyed this myself . i might get more eventually because it didn't quite fill our sensory bin
cute , but nothing spectacular ! easy to use and durable ! something they will play with for like 5 minutes and never look at again .
looks like a cool set . purchased it because the one i wanted could not be assured arrival in time , but it came .
this is a must have for anyone who has lots of legos , my grandchildren to use it on there many lego sets .
almost bought the smaller version of this doll , very glad i opted for the larger one , my three year old grand-daughter loves it .
so happy to see these again and be able to share the memories with my nephew . a great christmas present for sure .
it never really bounced back up very well , and then it stopped holding air.it was disappointing , i'd try a different one .
there were lots of bricks and my grandchildren used many of them to build interesting structures.thank you very much
i ordered this to go with the 2 sets of duplos for my twin grandson's for christmas . it will be a great addition to their gifts .
my granddaughter loves monster high dolls . the dolls in the swim series are dressed very pretty . the lagoona doll is very cute and the price was good .
the ghoulia yelps doll is very cute and was shipped to a little girl in thailand . she loved this doll .
great price . everyone can play . easy game to play with little ones . always play a matching game when babysitting my nephews . never gets boring .
this is sucha . great gag gift my friend loves it and it was a huge hit ! looks so great on baby !
this thing is huge and is a great deal . i am going to get a 2nd one so my son doesn't run out of paper .
my son is very into the rainbow loom and these work great - he was looking for grey and i couldn't find them in the stores .
yea its just ok ... a nice tin box to hold cheapy magnet ... not much i can say about this one ...
cute simple toy . all the kids love to play with it . he talks and the propeller spins when the button is pushed .
our 9 year old granddaughter collects anything ' monster high ' . they all seem to be well made and , most important , she loves it !
my 3 yr old grandson is into lightening mcqueen and putting together any puzzle he can find . he loved this !
i like all the war for cybertron figures an wish there was more to add to my collection . this figure is a great representation of megatron on cybertron .
we made all the sea creatures and then we take them apart and make them over for so many times . my 2 year old loves it .
my son has his favorite kids from a certain country for this game . the different races of the children have made for some educational discussions about diversity .
the concept is good , but the materials are pretty cheap plastic . my daughter likes playing with it , but it is not great quality .
i bought the bandit to go with the cowboy hopefully where ever they wind up they will actually be friends !
i bought this to go with his castle tent and he loved it . it's safe , age appropriate , and fisher-price , too .
we purchased two of these , for riding down the rivers here in florida . they are very well built , and easy to pump up and deflate .
very cute , colorful stickers . perfect for the back of cards and envelopes . very quick arrival . i recommend ordering these stickers .
this low tech toy allows creativity for hours without using batteries . it's great for kids who need to unplug for a while .
my 3 year old likes this gun . she has a little trouble pumping it but this was the fun she liked .
if you have various sets of munchkin that you have melded together , these are soooo handy ! i am glad i bought them .
i like the mario block napkins a little more than these but these will be fine for what i need them for .
this is a nice selection of balloons for making balloon animals and flowers , very flexible and i received them quickly at a good price point .
this is a classic toy made by a quality company offered at an amazing price at the holidays ! really couldn't ask for much better on this one .
i cant believe a pink one is 25 $ still . this was a great price , and just the same quality as any other swing .
this is fantastic . my son is 4 and he loves it , big , sturdy , fun . definitely not cheap quality , worth it
part of a deal made with a child to get them to do their homework . it only worked for a short while . like the toy
my daughter is thrilled with the game . she was very excited when she discovered it on our recent car ride . keep her happy for the long ride .
our niece was so happy when she got these . not sure how long they lasted but they were durable cardboard .
i purchased this to give as a gift to my friend's daughter and she loved it ! it was a great tool to play music and get some exercise ...
this was a great gag gift . lots of fun for the office . my boss really loved it . i need to buy more now ! !
we bought this for our 1 year old grandson , kind of a tradition in our family . he loves it and loves to watch it light up .
this was a fun puzzle to make . seeing some of the old games i had forgotten about was alot of fun .
this fits the leap pad 2 very snug . i am please at how protective it is . i do think i will buy a screen protector too .
they are large and washable and a good choice for my son's first markers . i was choice these again if looking .
good price for replacement and restocking bands for the never ending project of making loom bracelets . c clips are included too
got this for my birthday it's awesome and amazing and super man is the best more that he's a hit
my niece will love this doll . it's just so cute . i love the giggles and squeaks it makes . your little one will love this doll .
reminds me of the original colorforms that i bought my daughter way back when . my granddaughter loved this ! this will not disappoint .
my kids love these and so it was a huge hit on christmas . glad they got exactly what they asked for ... good quality product for what it is
great fun for kids and adults . and families that play together stay together . my gand sons , ages 6-8 love this game .
sprinkle spice cookie is very cute . she comes with a bottle and a bunny . she loves sweets . she has lots of nice details .
my grandson was turning two and what little boy doesn't love cars . this is his favorite toy and it is from melissa and doug
these melissa and doug magnetic toys are great for hours of fun . only wish they had their own covered box or bag to keep them in .
this is a cute kit but has an inordinate number of little bitty pieces that are difficult for small hands to manage .
this bag of goodies is great for hello kitty fans . the items make great party favors , stocking stuffers , pinata filler and more !
we purchased this doll family with a furnished play toys doll house . the dolls have been played with a great deal and are still in good condition .
this was pricey , but has provided hours and hours of fun for my grandson . it has a durable quality that will last a long time .
this is a delightful addition to our collection of chugginton / thomas the train / brio train cars and accessories . it has a lovely tune .
this was a wonderful gift for my granddaughters - 9 feet of each design makes for a lot of fun projects !
i got several of these trains for my son's birthday and he loved them all ! they were definitely a good choice for a present !
these dolls are cute , and my toddler loves them , but they seem a tad expensive to me for what they are . oh well ...
my niece absolutely loves this toy . the sounds , educational teaching tools and plush puppy has been a hit with more than one kid .
my daughter loves to create necklaces as gifts for family and friends . it's a fun activity for her to do with her friends on a play date .
i bought this for my granddaughter for christmas and she loved it . it is a very nice size , so soft and just adorable .
another great learning toy from melissa and doug . teaches time and shapes in a very fun way . the little ones love it .
plus it comes with a power launcher which is my favorite launcher because it gives so much power , my friend has an undefeated bey that tied me
hours of entertainment for $ 10 , well worth it . i highly recommend this set along with all other lego sets . great for kids 6yrs and up .
very well made toy . my son loves to play with this pretending he's building or disassembling . much better than other plastic toy drills we've had .
bought this a few years ago , still operates well in both the bath and the hot tub . works well with color splash products !
this doll's arms fell off immediately . very cute concept but very poor quality . toy should not fall apart straightaway out of box .
my grandson loves elmo and he's enjoying this book . him and his mom read together every night and this is his favorite .
it's a pretty fun game . not something you would really want to play for hours . i guess that depends on the group .
my 5 month old ( 29 wk preemie ) loves to bat these around while laying on the floor and watch mommy toss them into the air .
proshoots wellpowerful and accuratedurable and easy to useconswish it would hold one or two more discs
this was a gift to my niece who loves monster high . she was very excited when opening her gift and loved the doll !
super cute , soft , and cuddly . easy to wash . i gave this to my niece and she sleeps with it every night .
this game was received in good time . thanks for having it available . we love playing it . it is way fun for all ages .
this game is amazing . i have a very large collection and this is by far my favorite ! i can't give it enough praise !
the little guyz are where its at for the parts but the actual main model is not really good at all
the new pilots in this expansion really improve tie fighters in general . hard to stick with buying only one though .
my daughter was needing help in math so we got this . the most it is in use in the car .
great toy , well made but the pieces are to small for younger kids .
you don't find these toys everywhere and it is such a good idea to teach children coordination . i love this toy .
wonderful and sturdy puzzles for toddler and very convenient with it's own carry case . arrived quickly and my grandson 3 loves it .
for the price , fine , but not very durable and wont hold up to little kids . they look nice when new but go down hill fast .
my cousin mackenzie got this pack and sunset has red boots not white boots . she comes with a cluthch and brush ! shes super cool !
compared to other little people sets this is kind of boring . however , when my girls play with it and the other sets together it is fine .
the replacement 7.4 v li-ion battery for the double horse 9100 works as expected . i would recommend this battery for any wanting more flying time .
this is a cute plush that i purchased for a 3 year old . i do wish that it came in a larger size though .
awesome says it all ! buy this doll if you get a chance before they retire her again for 4 more years !
5 stars for color choice and quality , 4 stars for the cost . $ 6 a pack is killing me with 3 kids !
my son enjoys this toy . he doesn't really understand to gobble up the blocks . but he has fun taking out the blocks and putting them back .
was worth the money but i thought there would be more wheels to build moving things . a little disappointed in that .
my son has completed many of the projects in the book . this can be a standalone set or combined with another . excellent learning and replay value !
he got to pick it out himself and he loves it and all that matters ! it is well made and soft .
this is like the adult version of apples to apples . it was a favorite at the christmas party we went to
my granddaughters love playing with this item . i love t listen in on their kidspeak as they play . thanks a lot .
my 12 yr old grandson said he only had one lord of the rings and was happy to get this set .
this is perfect for toddlers . simple and fun . great for cognitive development . the color is bright too to help engage kids .
the string somehow got wound up in the middle , and now we can't fix it . very expensive and didn't last long .
this was a gift but we were told it was a big hit . good quality like the other playmobil products .
this toy was interesting to put together and was somewhat unique . it made a good gift .
a decent expansion to a decent game . must own the original dominion or intrigue first in order to use .
i just love these markers ! i'll admit , i had more fun using them than my 22 month old . nice vivid colors .
christmas gift for my grandson . he saw this on tv and asked for it ... so i believe he likes it . made well and sturdy !
my son 25 months loves this gift set . makes a great easter basket stuffer . he loves everything about it . kid friendly
bought as a christmas gift for 6 year old granddaughter and she loves it . loves working with the hair and dressing her .
my son loves his new toy . we got it for him for christmas and he loves to shake it , watch the beads , and hear the sounds .
i bought this for my grandson for christmas . he loves cooking in it just like they do at daycare . he also likes to mimic his mommy .
does anyone ever say bad stuff about barbie ? so a few people do . anyway little girls love it . end of story !
very popular item where we live . they went through the whole bag in 1 weekend ! bands are good quality and don't break .
this was purchased for my grandaughter for christmas , her parents got her the stable and told me that she was going to need items to go with it .
awesome toy ! so easy to transforme ! my kid loves it ! he loves every transformer , but this is the best by far .
the kids love their woody doll , the only problem is that we have 3 kids and 1 doll - i'll be getting buzz and jesse too !
she loved hanging all her new dresses on hangers in her new closet . very cute , tiny but they work well .
i bought this elephant to add to my twenty-month old daughter's zoo talkers jungle set . she loves it . the end .
works great to store and protect our leappad 2 when not in use . really convenient with the storage for extra games on the inside .
very cute not as expensive as other h4h outfits i think this one is a good deal very cute in real life .
this toy is cute and soft ; the perfect stuffed animal for a young child or baby . the color scheme is nice as well .
my granddaughter loves this doll . she is a monster high fan . i would recommend this doll to others . i love the fast service .
had this for the 7 yr old and then my daughter wanted it for her 3 year old and it has been a good learning and fun experience for him
this has been a great addition to the toy box . easy to blow up and kids having a blast with it .
my granddaughter has received quite a few of this lego series . also bought olivia's house . firstsaw this on tv and purchased for christmas .
recipient of gift loved it ! she loves to help mommy and this is great for our liltte " special downs syndrome " niece
this is a very fun toy , definatly worth the price we paid for it . my 5 year old loves toy story and loved playing with this
our grandson really liked this , but then again he loves anything lego , came when it was supposed to and in good condition .
my 2 year old son loves dinosaurs and this one ’ s perfect because the jaws opens and he can pretend he ’ s eating .
my son loves the tmnt and he loved this . he wants to collect all of them and the playset as well .
this is a really cute sticker set and it's huge . so many stickers and sticker pages to play with . i love melissa and doug brand !
good puzzle , most of our friends pick it up and cannot stop trying to solve it . would buy again , good quality .
easy to operate ! i would definitely recommend . our grandchildren all got one and loved them ! the youngest child is almost 3 .
who doesn't love legos ? my 5 year old grandson loved this christmas gift . in fact he recieved two of them and kept them both .
we have had a lot of fun with these . they work well and are very durable . also , easy to use for the four year old .
this is a great gift for any star wars fan . the pod series is interesting , fun , and imaginative . great gift .
my grandsons love thomas and this talking edward is added to their collection of talking and non talking trains.they love everything thomas !
we bought this for our elementary school age child . it is the best bang for your money however , it is definitely a starter microscope .
my 3.5 year old son loves doc mcstuffins and wanted this . it's a great stuffed animal . very cute and soft .
this adorable outfit fit's the american girl doll perfect ! well made and easy care ! would recommend highly for this great set !
this covered my daughters clothes well front and back . shes been very into painting lately so we needed something and this wasn't very expensive .
my son loved them ! he loved how you connect them together then pushed just one button on the top & they all talked to one another .
this gun jams easy , and doesn't take very many different kinds of rounds . that gets hectic in the heat of battle picking the right ones up .
we have five grand kids under the age of six and they just love playing with this and the extra darts we purchased .
grand daughter loved this gift . i bit pricey when purchased . the grand daughters played store a lot with this cash register .
i paid half the price so i loved that part . it a great doll my little girls loves it . all in all i super happy thanks amazon
my son loves themeasy for little ones to work with on their own ... durable too.will collect them all soon
it rolls nicely on carpet and has a pretty good size " back " to fit things in . it's easy to wipe off .
my grand daughter loved making sandwiches with this the velcros on the pieces hold nicely and allow her to make her sandwiches how she likes them * lol *
very cute for my little great-nephew since i like the " thomas " story . it's just a nice little boy train , though .
we actually have the take n play products , but this version of kevin is priced better and it works just the same .
my kids love having this grandma to go with their loving family dollhouse . she's very cute and her accessories are fun .
this flynn fire truck has a special spot on my grandsons railroad . the love of firetrucks can now be combined with his train set .
this outfit looked like a winner and there are a lot of items in the lot . my granddaughter will love it .
i got this for a christmas present for my little one because he loves all this stuff ! great prices for sure
i bought these to be part of a cake decoration for my sons 2nd birthday . they did great ! my son didn't want any cake just the trucks !
this was the perfect size for purchase . the my first nenuco kisses baby . bought this when i bought the doll for our little granddaughter . great
purchased this vtech 9 - volt power wall adapter for the v.reader my nephew was gifted on his birthday . it has saved us a fortune on batteries .
it was a gift for my nephew and he loves it . the battery last for good time and he uses it in house and outside as well
wow , ... we got this one together with no missing pieces . what a joy that was and a very beautiful picture . great gift .
wrapped with extra care ! arrived unharmed ! the package looked great ! my child is going to love this baby doll ! it is so cute !
nice toys for a toddler and it keeps their attention . they enjoy playing with it daily . it is worth the money .
my niece put it together right away when she opened it for christmas . she loved it and plays with it regularly .
this was a hit with in my sensory table the children love to pull on it and make bubbles by squeezing it between their fingers .
these are durable and my 3 year old loves them ! great to burry in the sandbox ! highly recommend.they are hard , not flexible .
it came in perfect condition i really enjoyed it the packages was good condition toy was excellent . so if you cani would give it a rating of awesome
must have for my boys rescue bot collection ! they love it and these are made very well and still sturdy after a few crashes :)
great for little hands and / or clumsy hands . we purchased this as a gift , and look forward to many fun games with friends .
you can never go wrong with melissa and doug products . one of the best quality toys on the market . my grandson loves his frog pull toy !
i bought this for my grandsons second birthday . he loves jake and watches the cartoons . i love how it is made .
my grandson really loves this game . and he is learning while he is playing so i really love this game .
gave this as a gift for my grandson and he had a blast with it . it became annoying after a while but he loved it
my 2yo son loved this and its very soft . the head or puppet part is sort of hard , but the blanket part is great .
my 6 year old loves this game , of course he does it's battleship . game is made more poorly than i recall ...
grandson loves it he puts it togetter and takes it apart and put it back to getter good for his bains
my girls love this game . does have a glitch here and there , but most games do . would recommend to others .
we got these as party favors for kids at my sons birthday party.this served well as a favor for all the younger kids , ranging from 12-24 months .
a great gateway game . easy to learn and quick to play . there is a good mix of strategy and luck .
not worth the money ; poor quality , too lightweight . i thought it would be a lot nicer because i like the company .
ordered a couple of angry birds for christmas and my daughter loves it . she carries it around the house and is soft and plush .
this is an awesome figure . he's huge but fits in great with marvel legends scale figures . way better than the toybiz version .
my seven year old has been running around trying to eat our brains with this plush . it's weird looking but not terrifying .
these letters are really nice . they stay on the fridge very well . they are very detailed . my daughter loves these . i would recommend them .
very cheap . the spray wasn't even . some parts of the slip and slide stayed relatively dry . made it hard to slide .
this is a tin tea set , we are very pleased with the product , being curious george just makes it that much better .
purchased these to go along with play doh play sets for toddler . fun to add to the set . great price .
are you kidding me ? what a shame that this is supposed to go with the castle and it barely fits . completely disappointed .
outfit is easy to put on and looks good on the doll . i look forward to buying more quality clothes for the grandkids . thanks
how could you not love that cute little bubble puppy face ? my granddaughter loves to carry it everywhere , it is so soft and just the right size !
packaging in perfect condition and my four year old loves them . they seem to be durable and are painted well
sorry . the kids love them and have a great time playing with them , but they broke with regular use . we loved them while they lasted ...
this is made out of cheap materials , especially the velcro closure . it doesn't give much padding to the inno tab .
my daughter seemed to like this game . i haven't played , but her daddy and brother have . they didn't have complaints .
added this to the adding machine my grand daughter received as a gift . she thought she was rich ... just a learning tool for addingthank you
ended up buying 4 of these cameras for all the grandkids . they take decent pictures and are easy for the grandkids to use .
my son loves playing with flatbed tow truck . he always says somebody had an accident and needs a tow . very life like .
these erasers were just too cute not to pass up . my daughter has a collection of puzzle erasers and loved these just as much .
well made and lots of detail , and can be bent and positioned . a good action figure for a 6 - 12 year old .
my 7 year old nephew loved this , and played with it right away . very well made , and a good laugh to try even for adults .
i think i actually bought her more for me than my daughter ! she cute , and funky at the same time .
very beautiful doll . her curls just magnificent . the quality of the dolls is excellent . all the body in beautiful curls .
i love plate to i love this color to it cute he could play with this to i am that i love my toy to i like a lot
great addition to our preschool's dinosaur unit . the kids love them . seem to be of a very good quality that will last for quite awhile .
lots of fun for my granddaughters first birthday as part of her little tikes kitchen ; she caught onto the idea of the eggs very fast
my grand daughter had been asking for this toy after watching a video on youtube about it . she is 3 and she absolutely loves it !
my grandson loved this gift ! it was just the thing he wanted to go along with the rest of his lego stuff .
so excited i can hardly wait for christmas time ! ! ! my grandaughter just loves barbie and i just know she will love this house ..
it may be small but it flys very well indoors . it has nice features on the body and resembles the chinook nicely .
my 6 month old grandson just loves it . the door bell is his favorite sound out of them all . though i kept thinking it was my doorbell .
got this for my 3 year old . it's a good size and she helped me but it together which she thought was really super duper fun .
ordered to see if it would work with the dollhouse my father-in-law built for our daughters , but it is too large .
must buy . makes very beautiful and relatively strong models . kids can actually play with them for a while before something crucial breaks off .
my three-year old granddaughter loves this toy . she has a 6 month old brother and likes to show him the different animals and the sounds that they make .
for my grand daughter , this was the ultimate gift for her . she loved it and has it in a prominent spot in her room
a great game that is easy to teach and quick to play . its biggest drawback is the 2 - player limit , but that is hardly a complaint .
impossible to find in stores ! ! daughter loves it ! disney quality and hours of frozen fun
these are very flimsy , the flowers detach very easily . they look cute , my daughters lost interest after a few days .
this was one of my daughter's favorite toys when she was little . we gifted it to our baby niece and she loves it too .
cute / colorful / girly desigh / works well , shuts down when programmed--perfect pet / no feeding-no cleanup--much better than previous models.eyes move well-distinct voice can be totally understood
we play this every night at bedtime and even for his nap times ... the music is soft and soothing ... my son loves it !
we bought this for my son for his 3rd birthday and it is his favorite take-n-play ! he loves it and plays with it all the time !
bought this for my grandchild . haven't given it yet , but this is really cute . seems well made . should last a while .
i got this for my grandson for christmasalong with the bat cave ! something he wanted all year ! exact as advertised and mega fast shipping ty
my grandson loves the nerf dart guns , especially when he has 2 and can fight with his dad . so we need plenty of darts .
love it . my son loves this to bad they no longer make games for it . now we have to get him an avita
got this for my students to use in our puppet theatre center . i was looking for a hamster but couldn't pass it up
this is a really nice toy but it is available from toy r us for $ 129.99 .
at a great price . my great nephew was over the moon with these cars . hot wheels have always been well made , and these are no exception .
my son loves this aquarium but if you keep the sounds and the lights on the batteries die fast .
this is a nice little rc helicopter to practice with . i have crashed it so many times and it still flies like a champ .
very sturdy and easy to use . perfect size . very happy with purchase ! we bought the matching butterfly net as well .
for anyone who will get this do not open it if you lucky too meet arnold schwarzenegger you might be abler too get it singed by him
daughter loved this and played with it for months on end ! really cute idea and really easy for little hands to handle .
these fit the american dolls perfectly and go with everything . they are a nice compliment to the cute winter outfits , especially the ones with leggings .
nice and bright , very pretty costume . the seperate pieces get mixed and matched with other costumes using lots of imagination .
i was looking for a few fidget toys for my son who suffers from anxiety and this worked great ! he loved it !
nice sound and very light . my kid love it . we recommend it to everyone . cheap , good quality and perfect . buy it
these are just adorable . we purchased them to go with the snow white cottage . the quality you would expect from little people !
great price on assortment of vinyl toys . my son loves dinosaurs and this was an affordable way to get a large variety of dinosaurs
i brought it for my nephew and he loves it no set up requirements straight fun right out the box i brought it for an 8 yera old boy
we purchased this for our granddaughter last christmas when she as 11months old . she is almost 2 years old and still playing with this purse .
typical calico critters quality with extra points for creativity as our little girl enjoys placing her critters in the sandbox or swimming pool .
fantastic set . fits our play kitchen perfectly ! i love the wooden items compared to the plastic stuff that does not hold up .
both of my kids are still in high back boosters so there own headrest gets in the way of the seat pet head but it's still fun and cute .
both of my boys age 16 months and 4 years love this toy . i love that it's low tech , not too loud , and makes them smile .
these tea bags are so delightful , the perfect size for play tea cups . my daughter is gonna love these . cute tin too !
my daughter loves this tent.very easy to put up and her dad or i can also fit inside to play with her .
sturdy storage case wich holds the violet pal and a lot of books . looks cute too ! good product i think .
my daughter loves this , she can play all afternoon if i would let her . only draw back is that it does fade in the sun .
my 3 year old son loves to play this game on his innotab ( i can't think of one he doesn't like ) .
my son is happy whit this transformers is ideal for him . i like , recommend buying it and the material is appropriate for the child
both baby and toddler love playing with these . they connect easy enough for a toddler too put together and easy enough to pull apart for a baby .
this is a cute set . the bones and dog are nice . my only complaint is the plastic doorway is starting to come out .
works grat with my rainbow loom it all connects together . i use it often . i love it . i have told all my friends about it .
this is the toy that grandfathers like to see the grandchildren ask for ... there is always a chance that they can play lego's too ... i'm hoping .
very nice figure i think hasbro did a good job better then the marvel select one good job hasbro i recommend .
cute and easy to put together . my 8 year old daughter wanted this and got it for christmas and has enjoyed it .
every learning resources jumbo animal set has been fantastic . extra large , sturdy and with great detail . my grandson loves them all .
my grandson loves the game and he plays with it alot , thanks for making him happy he really is happy witih the game
i have bought two of these ! a little pricey ... but so easy to use ... i love the crayon towers !
i bought two of these to be used in the sunday school class . everyone loves them including the teacher . washable is nice .
my grandkid loves it . how can you not love cookie monster ? my grandson loved trains and elmo so bought this along with the elmo train station .
durable , bright colors , price ok , easy to order / deliver , educational toy--colors , eye-hand movements , big to little , can be cleaned and disinfected
i've never seen this beanie boo in the store and my daughter loves it ! it's really adorable and soft . i'd highly recommend .
7 year old son loves it . perfect for growing imaginations . the box it a bit big , but with 200 pieces what else would you expect .
great quality at a great price . i would recommend these for anyone who likes barbies . i have since ordered many more ! ! !
this outfit is really cute . well made and fits well . the teddy bear is adorable too . ths company makes nice doll clothes . veryhappy .
valentines day gift for my 9 month old . i was playing with it ahead of time and its really cute and funny .
this was a great gift for anyone who loves legos . big our little i hope to get this for my sons birthday !
so cute ! this is a really fun addition to the loving family dream home . i just wish there were more chairs .
i was excited to start the tradition with my 2 year old . she got a kick out of the elf . comes in a nice boxed set .
a good price that i paid at the time of purchase and yes ive have told friends and family . she is alsome to go with the collection .
she was great , but really dark looking . she isn't a favorite of my girls .
bought for my 20 month old grandson who wants to bounce on everything . love it ! looking forward to lots of hours of bouncing .
this has been a great addition to the fischer - price collection at my grandkids house and was a perfect choice for a one yr . old !
a very pretty doll house with tons of stuff to do . my child has spent hours with this and loves it .
my son loves to collect all types of hot wheels and this was a great pack , he didn't have any of these cars before .
big hit with my son and his friends . love the step 2 coordinating toys - same colors . sturdy !
a cute little vehicle.lots of fun.perhaps a bit overpriced.my grandson and his friends enjoyed it but it sure it will hold their interest for long .
the product came quickly . it was a bonus that it came with batteries . my son's teacher loved them for game time in the classroom !
great addition to any little girls lego collection . my girls love lego and this one they are still playing with .
grandson put his cars in it and carries them back and forth from my house to his . would recommend it .
my son loved it a lot . since 2011 till now and he still play with it from time to timeand the battery that it came with still working
the doll came fast and in great shape and my granddaughter loved itpackaging was in very good shapei would recommend this sellar and product to everyone .
i bought this for my nephew for christmas . he loved it and would not put it down , even when he was sick he played with it .
grandaughter is learning somuch from the doll house and these pieces of furniture . who knows i may have a designer in my midst ! a new decorater ! thanks
i love melissa & doug toys . they are high quality and built to last ! kids love to play with them .
my kiddoes are addicted to loom bands and this package of the s-clips was priced right ! now they have s-clips for days !
ordered this for a christmas present-when it came some paint was missing off the top of the cockpit so i returned it-amazon makes returns easy so no worries -
my granddaughter loved the groceries . she kind of felt cheated when she couldn't open the food , but caught on soon enough .
my grandson , who has boundless energy absolutely loves this . it's a perfect way for him to burn off energy . it's practically indestructable .
this colorful lego mini is really great . love her clamshell with its jewel ! she made a great gift . i almost kept her .
i purchased this for my 1 yr old grandson . he loved being in it and it covered him very well in the sun !
does not work . wife still does not disappear even when set to full . phaser 1 and phaser 2 included . everything works like it should .
bought for a 5 year old future chef and she loves it ! it's the perfect size plus is very good quality and super cute !
nice made . cute product . bought to put into my monster high doll house . your little girl will love it . so will your draculaura doll !
bought as a gift but i would recomend it , the baby i got it for loved it , well made , good price .
not quite as sturdy as i thought . but once the christmas rush was over he liked it and plays with it .
good quality and very cute ! my three year old girl loves it , but i suspect her 18mo brother plays with it more often ! !
this computer has a lot of learning games on it . my three year old grandson isn't interestesd as of yet so we really can't say much about it .
this little beanie boo nacho is so very cute . those big eyes are so cute & beg you to give em a hug !
everyone loves a ducky game ! lucky ducks sesame street edition is no exception ! my 3yr old son really loves this game !
my daughter is a rainbow loom fanatic and this was a must have for her band collection . works great and her friends all love the metalic look .
the expansion packs just keep getting better and better each time we've opened them ! if you start to get sick of the first one definitely try it out !
and there is a hidden card somewhere in this box ... i wont tell you were it is ... finding it is have the fun @
my daughter got this for xmas and boy does she love being able to keep drawing ! happy that we could get this for such a great price !
this mask is awesome , very good quality , and very durable , its a gag gift for a coworker , cant wait for christmas !
this was a great investment . my son still plays with it even after all this time . the games are fun and educational .
our daughter loves this baby ! she takes her everywhere and takes care of her . pacifier is a nice accessory and she loves to hug her .
a must have with lego collections - which do not apparently come with a large enough platform for many projects .
if you are looking for various weapons and accessories for your minifig , you can consider this :) really worth the price comparing on the total value .
this was a great starter purchase for k'nex . very satisfied and my 8 year old son will choose to play with these over video games .
my son likes eggs and loves this toy . they are like small sized eggs . real paper like carton . glad we got them .
this was a good deal , since buying one is over $ 6 . definitely worth the price . my son loves them . more the merrier .
works well with my heli's and my little airplanes i like them and seem to get way more charges with them than the others i have been buying
again , too high for these really small plush animals but my oldest child wanted them and it has made her really happy as well .
what is playing with a dora doll if you don't have swiper ! she absoultely adores him and is so cute with him .
we needed a second diesel with two near age boys ... nice toy . boys are four and five sturdy enough to take for pre school sharing time .
its a great replica of the master's laser screwdriver ! i love the alternating sounds and the bright leds . what's not to love ? perfect for any whovian .
i gave this as a gift for a young relative and he thoroughly enjoyed building it . he seemed really happy with it .
grandson is in love with his thomas table and this is a good addition . he loves it . was a good price too .
grandsons loved putting it together and kept them busy for quite some time . sits on their bookcase with other lego creations .
my grandson loved playing with this . steam comes out at top . batteries not included . would recommend this for your child , boy or girl .
as my granddaughter has the princess castle she loves to play with the sofia figures and puts them in the castle .
i ordered two of these for my grand daughter for christmas . they love them , they take them every where they go !
present for my 3 year old granddaughter . she is just getting into books and has several tag junior books . she seems to like .
bought for an angel tree gift for a 10 year old . he likes video games and star wars , so it should be a hit .
extra ammo went a long way to making our trip fun for the kids . all the cousins had plenty of ammo to share !
great puzzle . so large and life like . the glossy matting on the puzzle make it very nice and durable . i liked this puzzle great for kids .
my grandson plays for hours with this toy . likes trains so this was great for him . you can add extra train if you want .
love it . very cute my granddaughter will love it on xmas morning . i think my granddaughter will love it great deal
first learned about this game during a renaissance festival over twenty-five years ago and loved it then . simple to learn and requires enough strategy to keep it interesting .
i bought this for my grandson's birthday . he loves the characters . they are small enough for him to play with since he is only two .
schleich's quality is amazing . my grandchildren are the envy of all their friends . they play for hours with these figurines .
my grandchild is six but read books in grade level eight and nine . time to make games for advanced readers that are still little .
perfect for a little girl . and thank you for the instructions that come with it . hours of fun for both of us
this is an x-mas gift . so , it is still un-opened but seems to be a new quality leapster game . no complaints .
my grandson enjoyed . my grandson is 12 and has enjoyed the putty . it glows in the dark . this is okay
it is perfect size for my little grandson . i explain and teach him about all the various trucks that come down the street .
there's not a whole lot to this , but i got it for my shark-loving wife and she loves it ! definitely recommended
we have the batcave , we have the joker lab and this was the perfect compliment to both ! boys loved it especially the fun electrocuting bane feature .
this puzzle was perfect for my 1 yr old . nice solid wooden pieces and very well made at a great price . would highly recommend .
my grandchildren have this and have loads of fun playing with it , i bought it for my newest grandaughter for valentines day she will love it .
i love the chicken noises this thing makes . it is very cute and my daughter giggles everytime she hears it .
this is a really simple and fun game . just wish we had bought 2 sets so more people could play . our kids have really enjoyed .
little one loves it . she likes making different shapes and learning the colors . the texture is good also . play-doh makes long lasting dough .
great addition to my v911 , it's nice to get the extra flight time between charge.now if i can just keep my rc from crashing
my 4 year old and 5 year old can do this puzzle with ease . we are very pleased with it and love the ravensburger puzzle brand .
i ordered them for treat bags for my daughter's birthday along with few other goodies . this was a great hit .
this was a fun game to play . not one of our game night favorites but it was still fun and we enjoyed our time playing .
my child is crafty so this is great . the sticky mosaic ( paper tiles ) do fall off , but they do give you extra .
i purchased this for my little grand daughter and she loves it . very personal and very private to keep her little brother and sister out
very we'll made , sleek new design . optimus got a nice upgrade . the only downfall is no gatling gun that he had in tf prime .
pretty much nothing . very little echo quality . would not recommend . tem more words required.six , five , four , three , two , one . none .
my 6 year old granddaughter will love this . she is in first grade and learning to write so this will be great !
very nice for my 2 year old grandson ! little tikes makes quality products and this doesn't disappoint . i'm sure my grandson will be thrilled .
great toy for my 3 - year old's play kitchen . this toy would be great for boys or girls and is very fun to play with .
everyone has fun with this toy . great value and very sturdy . have hours of fun . recommend as a party item .
along with webkinz pom pom kitty , this is now a constant companion for my kid's road-trips . it's quite , squishable , and feather-lite .
one of the best christmas presents my daughter received , wish i would have bought two of them so i had one .
i love her , and i have several other dolls of this discription . i have to rate them all on this website before dinner .
got these for my granddaughter who is 5 years old . she has the leapreader and the leapster gs . she loves them !
the gift recipient enjoyed it and the many pieces added to the play value . cute set , perfect for a pony lover .
although this was purchased for a christmas present , i know the quality of fisher price products and i am sure he will love it .
got this as a gift . she seemed to like it . might be good for 4 + or advanced 3 year old .
don't buy them the iphone . geez that thing costs a fortune . a can of unicorn meat is far rarer a commodity . my teen daughter loved it .
purchased this for a gift for a friends daughters birthday and she really loved it . i wanted something fun and creative .
my grandson is just starting to play with these . he's 16 months old and he's trying to put them together . nice bright colors and lots of shapes .
i got my 3 yo 5 ei games for christmas and they are all well made , sturdy , fun , entertaining ! very appealing to all agees .
package was ripped open immediately and creative play began ! lasted thru bath time ... a great gift for a very happy little boy !
the building plates have proven to be just the thing to use for displaying my grandson'slego scenes . great buy .
this set was a decent set for my 4yr old . the stuffed dog that came with it was lame . besides that it was o . k .
i got these for a christmas gift . very cute and fit her new doll perfectly . i would buy it again in another color .
spectra is super cute and wonderfully designed like all of the other monster high dolls that i've ordered from amazon . : )
this is exactly what you want for your cs and elite blasters . the price point should be five dollars lower though .
abbey is so cool in ghouls rule you may want to buy two . the shimmer and shine and her cool outfit .
bought this for my grandsons birthday to build the cities for godzilla to knock down and it also works for angry birds
nicely crafted , such a simple idea . my kids have a good time creating things with this one . the end end .
love this game . it is fun and quick . the rules can be tweaked to keep it fun and interesting . i highly recommend !
great price for a hard to find " bad guy " car as my son requested . he loved this little guy and plays with him all the time
a new slant on an old game . lots of fun for a board game . any ages .
great detail and size . very true to animated image . impressed enough that i bought all the others in this line i could find .
not hard to build but not much fun to play with either . i dont see this machine anymore , dont know where it went .
these are about what you would expect for the price . lots of fun for young imaginations ! a nice selection of animals .
my 10 month old son loves this toy ! i love vtech ! all their toys are very durable and great fun for the kids !
swing is perfect for 18 month old grandson . it keeps him strapped in and allows us to swing him as he falls asleep .
and a year later still play with it regularly . they can spend an hour or more making cupcakes and cookies .
i was amazed by the high quality of these dinos . sturdy plastic , but flexible enough and the aged finish is a nice plus .
just wish legos worn't so expensive . they are a great tool for creativity and imagination for boys and girls of all ages .
my grandkids have a lot of zhu zhu pets . this wheel was okay but they didn't care for it that much .
these ideas were certainly outside the box and each of these armies brings something unique to the table for a whole new way to play .
when my grand daughter saw this she couldn't stop screaming for joy . a must for any little girl wanted to have fun as a hairdresser
daughter loves this she has also been so awsome as to share it with her little brother now very soft
this is a game that teaches team work ... only use all of the outbreak cards with a group of people that you are able to coordinate well with .
this is a nice toy , but your kid won't play with it more than three times as it gets boring
great price and great item . my daughter love this reader and i think me and dad made a great choice for her first reader .
perfect gift to go along with the jake and the neverland pirates telescope . helps children with creative play or follow the books .
great toy , arrived on time . keep it out of the rain though . other than that , it is a great choice .
cleans up easily . nice color choices . brushes stay intact . happy with choice of purchase . lids fit securely . provides hours of painting fun
we are big barbie collector fans , and we like this one very much . can't have a twilight collection without the leader of the group .
my 3 year old nephew was very excited . seems to be perfect for him . item was exactly as described . fast shipping .
good size for my 3 year old and her friends . everything is light weight good for little swings .
bought these for our grandkids for christmas and so far i believe that they enjoy them very much . so far so good .
i purchased this for my 4 yo autistic son who is obsessed with giraffes and figured if he didn't like it my 1 yo would . they both love it
leap frog lives up to its well know name on this product . i love it and even though my son is 3 he stills plays with it regularly
great , must have for little hands that drop [ things easy . i put it on my 3yr olds leappad and it saved it a few times
great game for such a good price . my son plays got it for chtistmas present , and was very ecxited ! tnx !
this is really cute my son got this for christmas , it holds my son's wheelie's and we take it to grandma's . he loves it !
my 2.5 yr old loves this storage case and can open and close it just find . he loves storing his tag junior and books in it .
they are so well made and the kids have so much fun . well worth the price . just get you some ear plugs .
great bands my kids love them made many of bracelets this was used as an add on to my kids loom kit
great gift for a 6 year old . i bought this and a couple of other sets for my nephews to put together on christmas and they love them .
my son is 6yrs old and he can put this together with no problem . it looks really cool when done ..
a great bead set by melissa and doug . what's not to love ? it made a great gift for my niece .
these are granddaughter plays with them all the time , this was the second set i ordered for her . i believe she now has all the characters .
collect itgreat excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellenthnksarrived on time in perfect conditionsgreat toy
my 11 and 13 year olds were not that interested in this activity . probably for the younger set of kids
cute cute cute ... very nice ... great christmas gift for my 9 year old grand daughter ... nice nice nice
this is a christmas present for my 6 year old grand daughter who like most six year old girls loves head bands
great play teabags , so cute ! ! the storage tin include is a great idea , makes the entire set so life like !
not much to say . it's a baby phone - it's fun enough but really it's pretty lame compared to the vtech option like this .
great buy , children ( 6 years and 2 years ) satisfied . play them for 3 months . still clearly evident that this dolphin . very good quality .
my 3 year old daughter is a huge super mario bros fan . i bought her these figurines and she loves them .
i appreciate the smaller manageable size of this kid bow for 8 - yr old boy . safe for indoor play as well as outdoor .
love these cute little slippers . they fit my daughters american girl doll perfectly . they are very well made . love them .
my child loves it and i'm glad because now she will put the dolls in bed and not on the floor .
i bought this for my nephew when he turned 2 and i think he like it . i know my son did when he saw it .
made my son happy for about 10 minutes until it broke . he cried for hours .. wish i could reuturn this junk :(
this is fun and challenging for the whole family and can even compete with the video games because of the personal interactions .
my 5 - year-old grandson loves this game . he was so excited to receive it from santa and has played it over and over again .
my 7 month old loves this swing ! we had to spray some wd - 40 on the hooks to keep them from squeaking , but now its great !
this is a terrific toy and is extremely well made ! hape has a solid reputation for producing exceptional educational toys .
easy to assemble . holds up pretty well . helicopter and truck / rockets function as intended . not a lot of moving parts to break off .
bought these as party favors for my sons birthday . paired them with some stick on mustaches and they were a hit with the kids and parents !
these band are really good and you get a lot for your money and they don't brake easy . i would buy again
a must have to kill zombies and hours of fun with family and friends hanging out on a nice summer evening . great fun all year round too .
this is a wonderful case for the mobigo . keeps it safe and protected ... it's definitely a must for a toddler with a mobigo .
i lovet the yoshi im really happy because my soon .. its doble happy its a present for the b day omg . good experince
daughter really enjoys this doll . the stand and book are great ! well made . no complaints and arrived packaged with no flaws !
lego finally made some products for girls .. granddaughter likes it and plays with it ... so if she's happy , we are happy ! :-)
just like julie newmar's catwoman from the 1966 " batman " television show . i have been waiting a long time for this version of catwoman to come out .
its the perfect size and is super cute , came with stickers in the back pocket . can't wait to give it to my niece .
my son loves this book and learns alot from it . i am very satisfied with this cartridge for my sons leappad 2 . he is 6 .
pj was perfect and my little girl was in love . the pajamams fits her doll perfect and it the outfit was made to fit .
this was a perfect gift for my 2 year old nephew . i wasn't sure what to get him and this was just right
picked this up for my young niece and she loves it . hours of fun playing with it.the toy is soft and easily snugglable for young children .
i bought these for my grandson's birthday party and put them in the gift bags . the kids loved them and they worked great with the theme .
he loves thomas and this will add to his extensive collection of trains . they are of the same quality as the rest of the wooden thomas trains .
it is a gift for my 7 yo boy . he is crazy about the car and characters . playng everyday with no stopping
love these toys this one is so cute and tiny . kids love them and they hold up well with young kids .
great quality . very durable and can be washed . the blocks are heavy duty and easy for my 1 year old to play with .
my boys love this farm and all the sounds that go with it . the animals are so cute and my kids play all the time with it .
this is huge and the kids love it it tells jokes and moves and sings and barks just a lot of fun
my son loves his chewbacca and how the hair fluffs up when it's shaken . good quality , met our expectations and has held up well .
she is really great and nice as alll monster high dolls ) i needed more shoes for all the dolls so this set is perfect
our grandson loves puzzles , so we bought this one for him . the look on his face when we gave it to him was priceless !
this the second one--same problem . baby loves it , but sound is bearly audible . not much learning if the sound is so faint .
perfect plate for build houses and other structures , resistant , great quality like all lego products . i bouth this one and the green one .
megatron good toy nice color aps good thing i bought this toy wen it was cheap now it's not it runs about 50 bucks now ! !
i bought this set for my daughter and my nephew . they both love it . after seven months , it hasn't lost it's staying power .
these are well made little cars and my grandson's eyes light up when i put one in my pocket to surprise him every now and then .
it's a little difficult to work with and it takes a while to get to the correct time since the hands only move in one direction .
while i love the leapfrog leapreader junior series , these take so much space on the reader . they're good for learning to read though .
my grandson was excited to open these eggs on easter morning . much better than the usual candy . he's 7 years old , so really into matchbox cars .
bought for 3 year old grandson and he seems to enjoy it . it is easy to use for little hands .
inexpensive fun . they last awhile and be sure to get one for everybody . makes a great doy toy as well with proper supervison
this is a fun little game . an interesting twist of the game of life . this game has its moments of being histarically funny .
i didn't think the game could get any better , and then i bought the expansion packs . i was wrong in my original thought .
we love legos and my boys like to play cops and robbers . i like the attnetion to detail that this set had , funn little lego police men .
we got a lot of these melissa & doug large plush at christmas ... this one is probably the coolest ... definitely a nice addition to the jungle room
my one year old loves all the little people and these go great with her little people princess castle . they are a great size for chubby hands
my soon and i love this and play with it regularly . not much more to say the pictures say it all .
cuite cow nice big blue eyes . good for cluding up with at night timecuite smile and nose i like her
a quick pretty fun game , not too spectacular and doesn't engage for too long but it's good for a while
great options for ticket to ride fans both old and new . i highly recommended this optional add on to enrich the ttr experience .
great toy in the doc mcstuffins collection for any 3yo . beans in the bottom to help chilly stand up on his own .
counter mode is awesome ilove how it switches the tip looks like anipplethe tip looks like a nipplebut its cool
great transformer toy for any boy who loves dinosaurs . i have bought this gift for 3 boys .. they all love it
very cute doll my granddaughter will love it.for christmas i will have to wait until then to know how it is received .
it is fun for my daughter and me and great practice for real life cooking . it has great durability and looks really lovely .
i chose this to go with my dollhouse for my grandchildren to play with . it is adorable . i love it .
this is such a nefty idea ! looking forward to using this with my children . a lot of potential and fun to be had !
had fun playing with it so far . durable and easy to transform into pumpkin or carriage . cinderella fits in well
kids need to be able to read to do these experiments . the experiments are simple to do and the instructions are very eady to follow .
of course i loved it . hard to tell ya how well made because i left it in its package so i could just look at it .
exactly what i expected , and at a very fair price . i'm very happy with it . loads of extras come with it .
this was perfect to add to the castle . it went perfect to add to the other figures you can get for the castle .
we used these for my son's birthday . they were way better than the other brands i've tried in the past .
the stickers make an impression on little girls . mine liked them . they quickly used them all up . i would have liked a pack with more stickers .
my granddaughter absolutely loves this notebook ! nice addition to educational library at home . easy to use and fun , fun , fun .
i should have read more before bying i thought it would be a little bigger ( my fault ) . the kid still loved it :)
well made , smooth edges , and lots of pieces to create and serve up a birthday cake of your making love the use of velcro
i bought this for my 3 yr old son who is obsessed with fireman , police man & emergency personnel . he loves it and it shoots far .
i not only let the grandkids have these to use as erasers but i use them as embellishments too . they are so cute .
it was a gift for my 4 year old grandson . cannot comment to as the contents of the games or his ability to nagivagate thru the menu .
my daughter loves her little people ... this set came with the several parts which made it a good value , as well as the dog
this is a cute little playdough cutter / slicer , i like hoe you can use the top to make little bricks my son loves these
the doll looked a lot cuter online . pay the extra money to get a better doll . the toys'r'us brand doll is cuter and about the same price .
i purchased this product for my 4 - and 6 - year-olds and have been very happy with it . they love to count on it and make patterns .
got this for my son as a birthday gift and he loves it . he loves pushing it around . lives tooting the horn .
you gotta have it in your collection - it's durable , great quality , doesn't break , fun to play with and my kid loves it
my 6 year old saved up his allowance to purchase this and he loves it . i don't like how loud it is , but he loves it !
i didn't realize the leap pad didn't come with a power source . it would have been a sad christmas morning if i hadn't bought the recharger pack .
my grandsons age 11 and 6 really liked this . they like anything interactive , and educational is a plus . works as a nightlight , too .
i bought this for my 4 year old neighbor and he loved them . his mother said they worked well and she hasnt had any problems .
i bought this for my three year old granddaughter and she just love's this both her and her sister play with them up and down the hall .
my younger sister was thrilled to see this as one of her gifts . she loves the bubble guppies and is very happy with this doll .
good amount of pieces for this set , considering how much it cost . there are endless building possibilities and i was very happy with this purchase !
i expected size smaller , but was nicely astonished it was big.good quallity , nice facegood present for a girl 3-5 year
this is also another monster high doll my granddaughter liked the looks of : the dress style and accessories that came with it .
this is another great lego avenger set . wish there were more about that size instead of just larger sets with the avenger theme .
i haven't tested it yet , but i'm sure my kids will love them . i'm excited to see how they work after christmas !
fire rodan arrived on time and with its size fits right in my collection and comes with pieces to complete other sh monsterarts sculpts .
we gave this one as a birthday gift and my son got one as a gift . it was fun to use .
bright , beautiful colors and very strong ! these are great bands--not cheap at all ! :d
my daughter is a girly girl so she enjoyed making her own headbands and showing them off at school . very fun gift idea .
she is adorable and packaged perfectly and in tact . great to have the entire set and the movie to go with it !
good to have options in stead of the expensive ag name brands for the dolls . these were good quality and cheaper
can we say neverstop ! ! - she ran this thing into the ground ! ! played with it alllll the time and still does - highly recommend
my granddaughter loves all of the loving family products . good quality and price . perfect gift for any child . very sturdy .
my grandson loves these , and fills his shopping cart over and over with his " purchases " . i also have the fruit set .
i bought this for my toddler and she likes to count and identify the letters . it has different levels that will get more challenging as she gets older .
we really love these puzzles , especially melissa and doug puzzles . they are great for learning and are very sturdy . my toddler has used them for months .
i got this set to go with the brader hay bailer . very cute and realistic pieces . brader is very high quality .
you can't go wrong with this huge set of duplos . lots of basic blocks that work nicely when combined with all the specialized kits available .
best toy i have found for an airplane-loving grandson ! he's three years old and can't wait to see a real aircraft carrier now !
loved the can food just the right size and the labels are very colorful . they will look awesome on our grandaughters new " kid kraft kitchen "
my granddaughter loves her journal . however make sure to use non-lithium batteries ! otherwise you may encounter overheating and even smoke !
this is so fun . i wish i could have a room full of these helicopters . best 4ch to learn on !
my grand daughter loves this stroller . she puts so many things in it and pushes it all over the place , including our dog and cat .
cute gift that my daughter enjoyed as a nice addition to her pet shop collection . she loves the vehicle and it is cute and durable ...
i bought this for christmas for my granddaughter . yes , i'm an early shopper . i know she'll love it and enjoy playing with it .
easy for my 1 year old grandson to use . it works endlessly and provides lots of fun for all including the dog !
this one doesnt have an image on the board to help and that makes it more interesting . my little one loves it and cant get enough .
... is adorable . kids love it . sturdy construction . easy ( a little timely ) inflation . withstood lots of bouncing early on . would buy again .
this is the cutest of the animals by far of this set . the size is perfect for little hands . he carries it every where .
perfect size dolls , nice and small ! we have no room for any more barbie sized dolls :) and frozen is the bomb !
everything we were expecting . my little boy loves it and plays with it constantly , seems pretty durable . fun little car .
this is a very cute baby doll and well liked . i like how this item is made to represent different backgrounds .
liked the hexbug packs ... and wanted to go home after all the toys had been opened to get the set up together . haven't heard a word since .
this was one of four take-n-play trains i ordered . all arrived in good condition . i know my nephew will enjoy annie . would recommend .
great addition to the see thru wonder board or globe style on the market . my daughter loved the variety of colors for drawing .
my 7 year old son just loves building with legos , especially super heros . easy to follow instructions . can't wait to order more !
this game is so much fun for all ages ! it has many different ways to play and our family never tires of it !
the only complaint i have is the yellow one will get water in it and takes a while to dry out .
my son can't get enough of the octonauts ! if it wasn't for the price , i would buy him every piece , they bring him that much joy .
nice little variety of markers ! it's good to have a nice collection of colors for your color wonder paper set .
great angry bird toy ! it combines angry birds and pirates ! my son loves it and he plays with it everyday .
my one year old likes this learning kitchen and he especially enjoys putting items in and out of the oven .
they should work on the pictures , this is a really nice madame alexander doll and my grandaughter loves it . from the picture it doesn't look that great .
melissa and doug offers non-toxic and well made toys - they even will replace a toy if it's broken and all you have to do is call them !
gave this to my lady friend's grandson for christmas . he loves it , she likes it and i look like a hero to both of them .
bought this for my daughter for christmas . she loves it . she is bouncing all over the house . perfect size for her .
thought we had a cat in the house . when received started purring ! ! my granddaughter has had lot of fun with this kitty . works great ! !
this drum has a great sound . very durable for little ones . all my kids enjoyed it and they vary greatly in ages .
my niece loves it and so do her friends when they sleep over . gives a whimsical mood to her room - colors awesome .
excellent storage for the legos that went along with it . she started sorting things out right away . thanks , it was well worth it .
love this game for my young grand daughter she plays it frequenty and anjoys it all the time a must buy for the eager to learn youngster
this thing whips the cars around the track , nephew loved it ! wish it came with more than 1 car , but otherwise great buy for 20 $
who doesn't love crayola pencils ? seemed like there was every color you would ever need in here , great pencil set for kids .
both train cars had bright colors and no scratches . they worked well on the wooden tracks . my grand daughter loved the mowing when the door slid open .
the bags seemed kind of stiff but other then that i was very happy and with the price being so cheap i would recommend them to others .
after the movie mu came out my kids were very excited to play this . great game and fun to play !
my husband and i play this game all the time . its a really fun game , easy to learn . we play with 2 decks .
got this for my niece for her birthday and she loved it she didn't have this doll so she was so excited to get the one she had been wanting
is a really good lego , the captain america brings the shield ! and also you can put it on the bicycle
i bought this for my new grandson . he will really enjoy playing with this . good quality for the money . great fun .
man this thing is a pain in the a * * ! ! ! it falls apart constantly
this is a great toy for young kids . they love all the different things on it . great toy overall and i am very happy with it .
lots of fulfilled hours for our four toddler grandchildren ! lots of creative options with this set ! do need to buy some extra play dough !
anything lego in this house is a hit , especially chima lately.the price was reasonable and well worth the money .
grandson got this for christmas with dinos and orge and several other items they are made sturdy for years of fun well worththe purchase
brought these out for an art project recently and they are very cool . as a person who despises glitter , these are a great alternative .
the voice recognition works for adults , not kids . what is the point of that ?
my granddaughter loved this and plays with it now . it is a really nice product for the money and gives hours of fun for the kids .
purchased this for my grandson who loves to dig in his sandbox . perfect size for a child and pretty sturdy . he loved them .
granddaughter loves applying makeup and this is something she will have fun using . may not be educational , but not every toy has to be .
great , easy , family game for all ages ! actual set up and play time is short making this an ideal game for instant family time fun !
i got this toy for our grand son and he just like so much . he like any cars ! and he play and play with it .
very useful addition to an already existing set . does not have figures but have a wide range of blocks . especially good value at amazon .
well , they all last the same , a kid can play with them until the pieces start to fall off , they are worth the money
they are big and fluffy and the kids loved them and their little pockets . the price might be a little high but still made a nice gift .
our 4 yr old granddaughter was happy to receive this and spends a lot of time playing with it while her siblings are being homeschooled .
i bought this to go with my son's doctor kit . he loves being able to hear a real heartbeat . very pleased !
my 3 year old grandson has gone to fires with elmo since he was 1 year old . a durable and fun toy .
my daughter is 5 and loves this scooter . however , it lasted maybe three weeks and broke . now it is living in two pieces in the garage .
got for my 18 month old and my 10 month old nephew . great fun and learning at the same time !
great to use on a big magnetic board . i bought this for my two yr old and she has really enjoyed playing with them .
was just as advertised and had been a huge hit with my son as he uses dog pound to fight against his other ninja turtles !
it's a great strategy game . the more players , the more chaotic and fun as you fight for resources and opportunities .
the leap pad can drain some batteries and drain them fast so this item is nice for while we are in the car .
my son loves these figures - be warned that the arms and legs don't move - but it's a great , durable star wars product
love the game , nerve wrecking if you like that sort of think , i do . so it is a lot of fun !
this was hard to blow up , and poor quality ... we won't buy this again . we will buy the mickey and minnie head balloons instead .
all wooden train items are popular with this train loving boy including this 4 piece adapter track set . good addition to thomas train stuff .
easy to assemble , rides great she is having the best time on this bike its like the teacup ride all day long lol
very happy my son with this product , excellent recommend it are very well made toys , i like i i i
i haven't put this through the 1 year old test extensively but i could not find a better price for this anywhere else . so far he loves it
havent used it yet but am looking forward to using it with my daughter - she cannot wait any longer ... will update .
there really isn't much to say about a stress ball . you squeeze it . i like using it while at my office job .
this set takes lego models to completely another direction . normally i see cars and houses . great for some different inspirations .
nice but i think the instructions could be just a little easier for a youngster to understand . need thicker yarn
my grand daughter loves playing in the colored water in the tub ! makes bath time fun and doesn't stay the tub or the child !
my daughter loves the ninja turtles and these action figures are great . they look like the ninja turtles my husband had growing up .
they fall apart , half of them didn't work and the other half stopped pretty quickly . either my batch was bad or it's a bad product .
this set was a add on to a growing set . this set is pretty standard and did not have a lot of overaly special made limited use pieces .
my son put this together right away and played with it ! he loves legos and tmnt so he was extremely excited to have the two together !
all three meals gives the children the opportunity to shop and plan meals . you have to make try to bite some of the food .
my 2 year old loves this ! he always wants to use it ! it is great for his size ! so far sense christmas it has last .
the game is awesome i like good games get remastered i hope they do that more with other games so yea
was great as a gift with coloring books for tiny tots , etc .. love the jumbo coloring crayons for tiny hands .. they work great too ..
love the fact that i can just rip a peice off and let my daughter color all she wants with out the hassle of it getting everywhere .
the kids love this and is fun for them to play with . they reach for it time and again so i know they like it !
these are for my great-niece . well , for her barbie . she loves playing with her barbie doll . i think she'll like them .
melissa and doug items are wonderful . my daughter got these as a gift and loves them . they even have their own spot in our panty .
she loves this set , and since i am a ' horsey ' person , i agree . lots to see and do like a real vet clinic !
my 10 year old loves this game & was thrilled to get it ! a lot of fun for the whole family .
great height and not heavy at all . she loves it ! i would recommend this to girls ages 2-5 as they have a ball playing with this .
this is another great addition to my daughters dollhouse . as soon as she got the bathroom set up , she potty trained her babies right away . :)
this is extremely easy to put together and my son loves it ! it was a great addition to the many things my kiddos do outside !
great party favor . all the girls loved wearing them ! great quality & still have held up even a year later .
my grandsons were stoked to get this ! they have great imaginations and their " story lines " are enhanced with the additional batwing !
i love it ! great toys ! they are bigger than most pots and pans which was nice
i can't wait until my son and daughter in-law play this game . she loves gnomes and is sure to enjoy this fun game .
very cute idea . purchased as gifts for doctors office . staff thought they were great and wear them with their lab coast or nurses station .
this is a christmas gift . our family lives out of town . we have not heard how the gift was liked
provided a well designed and very useful expansion to our x-wing games with some really nice upgrades ! another great product from fantasy flight !
my nephews really enjoy this game ... i enjoy it also . there are several games that you can play with this set .
great first binoculars for kids . my son is six and enjoy using this along with the other backyard safari items . well made and very sturdy for kids .
product is fun for the age group stated . however the legs are very cheaply made and easily broken . legs need to be more durable .
it's very soft and huggable and it looks just like the picture . it's a great stuffed animal.note : i got this half off during a amazon lightning sale .
bought for my 8 year old niece and she now has them all over her room . i have always loved glow stars since i was a little kid
fits in the princess dream castle . nice product from disney . clothing is nice and the character " looks " like she should .
boy what we forget we enjoyed while growing up . love playing this again with my kids ... even if they whine about the game taking to long ..
these toys are for visiting great-grandchildren to play with . i am sure they will give many happy hours of activity for many years
purchased as a christmas present for my nephew who loves thomas . i haven't seen it except in the box . his mom said he likes it .
my granddaughter was very happy when she got these . it was just a little surprise for her . she loves to make rubber band bracelets .
too cute ! how can you not love wooden tea bags that come in a tin box ? my kids adore them !
my nephew loved the gift and it was given to him on christmas eve , he was very excited - the gift was worth the wait .
great size and sturdy . no sound effects just pure imagination for your child . my son loves his spider-man and 3 other superheroes he received for christmas !
this toy is even cuter in person and the wings can flap up and down . well made my son has enjoyed it .
i think it is great figure compared to the toy story collection.if you are toy story fan you will want this .
this sno-cone was cute and fun the first few times , now the blade want chop ice and made me regret buying it .
for the price they are great the boys had fun playing with them they all worked great boys loved them
very cute and well-constructed diary for children . now , if i could just get one my daughter wouldn't lose the key too !
fun game for 5 year olds . my daughter had her birthday party at preschool and all the kids got to play and love it .
theses crayons are large and washable and a great choice for kids . if you need to wash off the walls .
the only problem i have with this is my grandson keeps making long distance calls and thy are very expensive . does anyone know how to disconnect this service ?
my grandson bought this with game with his own money he earned and he really likes playing it . he and his friends enjoy it a lot .
i would have to measure to be precise , but one bead is less than 1cm in diameter when full size
this is my kid's third bow & arrow set . this one actually works and my kids love it . good for kids aged 5 + . great product .
this was a christmas gift for our 13 yr old nephew . it was just okay , according to him . maybe next year !
this product is as solid as it looks . works great with my grandchildren's wooden train set . it's worth the price .
bought as a gift for my grandson . he likes to build and enjoys tools . this was nice addition to his tool toys .
we love these tools for play doh ! we make our own dough and these tools are great for sculpting and molding
my little girl is in love with these big eyes . she takes them everywhere . teaches her compassion and to take care of things .
accessories are a little too small for younger children , however the detail and quality of this product is excellent ! ! definitely recommend ! !
this is a great toy for your little one . very colorful and lots of fun . mommy and baby sing along .
my son absolutely loves legos sets . the quality of the lego pieces and the detailed instructions definitely deserve a 5 star rating !
my four year old granddaughter adores this ! the special features make it even more magical ! she loves the lights and wing movements .
it is nice and good quality , i recommend to buy the gel protector . i ended up buying one from a store
perfect toy for my 18 mo granddaughter . even her 4 yr old brother loves it . i expect they are getting long hours of enjoyment from it .
had one of these in the 70 ' s and had lost it it is is a good card game very interesting
these are really aweoms for the aquadoodle . highly recommend this purchase ! my kids love this and the tools are pretty much a must !
this is a classic and who doesn't love mr . potato head ! it is so much fun and is love by all ages ! !
9 year old granddaughter pleased to have this alternative outfit for her monster bratzilla doll . don't get the monster dolls myself but she's really into them .
my little one loves this since the day we bought this ! he takes it at least once or twice a week to play with it ! :)
my daughter loves this movie we saw it twice and i got this for her birthday and she loves it .
bioshock is one of the best trilogies of games out there and this really made me want to replay the previous two games all over again !
great replacement rockets for the mini pump rocket toy ! arrived fast and are exactly as pictured ! very happy with purchase !
i bought this for my grandchildren and they love it ! colors are awesome and pieces are heavy duty . a must buy if your children love dinosaurs .
for the price , this toy is really cool . my kids love it but i also find myself playing with it !
super fun ! my son and nephew love them , so does everyone else ... heavy duty toy , everyone is having fun with this !
i got this for my 2 year old daughter . it arrived on time and she loves it . totally worth it and i'm completely satisfied :)
teaches kids cleaning up after yourself is important . scale is good for toddlers and they look so cute using it !
love this lighthouse goes with my other lighthouse i have a definite collectors a must have very hard to find can't find them in stores a must buy
bought without expectations , my son is very good.bought the two deoni , dad and 4 year old son enjoys this game .
cutest pots and pans play set i've ever seen ! bright and colorful and nicely made . could be a little bigger , but really a great product .
my granddaughter loves this paper to draw on . it is perfect on her easel . it lasts a very long time .
this set is holding up very well in my home day care . very durable and the kids love it . good choice .
the item was as described , was packaged well and came quickly . i was thrilled to be able to help finish my husband's collection of 2012 issues .
these are perfect party favors for the little girls . will be used for a treasure hunt at my daughters princess birthday party b
grandson played for hours with these , there was enough to share with other kids . easy to clean and store for next visit .
for money this little guy can't be beat . exceptional smooth operating chopper . handles very well and quite responsive to control movement .
my kids received this and the gup a for christmas . nearly two months later they still play with them nearly every night in the bath tub .
great price . but i was a little disappointed in the quality of this product . not what i expected . i purchased as a gift .
fun balance board . my 4 year old likes to use it . she is getting better with balance so maybe it actually is working .
cute and fun for a toddler to play with ... i got them to go with thesesame street neighborhood playset . my 2 year old grandsonloves them .
thought i wouldn't like it as much because the roller doesn't actually roll , but that really doesn't matter , it is still easy to use !
goes well with the dresses for the dolls outfits . can go with alot of the clothes she has in her waredrobe .
i like the ravensburger puzzles , they feel stronger than regular puzzles . this one took about 5 hours to complete as there are many bluish pieces .
great play set , allows kids to build and destroy their own fortresses for hours of creative and destructive play ! something all kids enjoy doing !
my son loves these bells . they also come with a booklet of little songs you can play by using the colors on the bells .
very cute but the accessories pieces are a bit too small and they keep falling over . but my niece loves it . i would recommend it .
i like the product , however would have liked interchangeable head . more blood and interchangeable legs or arms . i would recommend this product for the collector .
this is supercute ! i know my nephew will love it for his birthday along with the other melissa and doug beach toys to go along with it .
even adults can enjoy this one . it's fun , exciting , and adds to camaraderie among the players . highly recommend
the box came opened and the paint was rolling around my package thank goodness they didn't spill and get on my other stuff
this game is fun for young and old . we played it with those who were 4 to 84 ! you should add this to your game night !
i tried several of these and they don't work . i " m so glad i didn't count on these for goody bags for my sons birthday - dud
not worth it . they count every little piece and some of them were so little we almost didn't see them
so simple but wonderful ! ! ! our children love it and have so much fun playing with it ( ages 2-6 ) . highly recommend it .
not cheap but very well loved and a hit as a gift ! accessories are expensive but it gives a grandparent something to keep adding to !
my kids play with these all the time with our kitchen . have held up through toddlers chewing , being washed , etc . well worth the money !
this item met all of our spectations and pleased my granddaughter . the service was also great . i would recommend this item .
now my son's many super hero figures are organized in one small place . looks nice and took care of the clutter .
this game is one that all ages can play . what great fun but would be better if it had more pages to alternate .
my 2 yr old is young but loves playing this game on her leappad . she loves coloring . great game ! ! ! .
auntie was a hit ! bought this for my nephews as a gift ! they are having so much fun with it ! :)
great pool toy ! keeps my children ( 10 & 6 ) busy for hours in the pool & they actually get along while playing !
got this for my little brothers as a gift they love it to count their numbers . they even fight over it
christmas present for a seven year old boy , who is absolutely crazy about building anything with legos . he can't seem to get enough of them .
my son ordered this with his christmas money and loves it . it arrived fast so he could get started playing quickly . he loves it .
my 3 - year-old loves this game . it's easy to understand and follow . he's learning to take turns too , which is great .
the barbie collection is beautiful . they look as much as possible like the characters and are dressed like them . i intend to get them all .
we got one for each of our grandkids . we had to go elsewhere for a pink one . they both love it . so does grampa !
best gift for a child that loves bugs and being outside . it's made well . i'm very impressed and happy with my purchase .
these are pretty slow . a good indoor toy for rainy days or snow days but not the same as the roller racer .
this is a well-made and dragon that my son absolutely loved adding to his collection ! good quality for the price paid .
this was just what my son needed . a basic set to supplement and get creative with . a lot of possibilites !
my daughter loves her dream lite . my only complaint is not being able to wash it in the washing machine . the lights help her fall asleep
stock bey is amazing in either mode . the gimmick mode is cool but , honestly , attack mode is kinda better in any normal battle .
his is a great deal . however i could not figure out how to combine more than one gift card so i could use the remaining balance of both .
i teach 3rd grade and my kids love this game . it is great for problem solving . it is very fast paced and so much fun .
my 5 - year-old loves it . it is a webkinz , what else is there to say ? super cute , nice details and very soft . :)
i saw this product on the youtube show , tabletop with wil wheaton and it didn't disappoint ! fun for the whole gang !
this is my son favorite puzzle of all his puzzles . he goes to this puzzle first and doesn't care about the other .
parrot came packaged well . parrot is made with quality materials and will bring lots of fun for the children who play with it . highly recommend !
grandkids just don't spend any time with them in the tub . they don't squirt water or make noise or move on their own .
i haven't found the comparisons to be hilarious . the comparisons are usually very abstract and the younger players don't understand the fun in it . better for adults .
perfect for a girl's imagination of my granddaughter . she loves playing mommy and fixing us meals in her homemade kitchen .
great product for fair price . these were a big hit at my granddaughter's birthday . easy way to spice up the event .
so much fun . my daughter loves to shoot hoops and even my wife and and me play a little one on one !
purchased this toy for my 2 year old son and he loves it . he's able to put other little figurines in it .
this buzz action figure toy was much smaller size but it's was perfect for my 2.5 yrs old son . durable and simple !
this game is so much fun , and each set adds a new dimension , challenge , and humor to the game . thumbs up !
big size . fun colors . didn't check if washable . reminded me of when we were kids and used the same crayons .
so happy to have found this for my niece . this was one if her must have items for christmas . looking forward to lots of bracelets .
got these for my daughters on a good deal . they are very high quality and have provided hours of fun in the backyard .
this is a pretty good toy / model . it seems to be a bit more durable than the christmas ornament variety . good detail .
you must have one of these if you get a leapfrog product . i'm so happy to not be changing batteries every few days anymore !
my son only used the vehicles to access the gaming options on our tablet . the track has never been touched .
this little train keeper is very good and it get the job done ... your little one will like it and you will love it also !
my son likes them .. he is two and likes to count them and say the letters while in the bath . used them in his stocking :)
this is a great addition to my son's walking dead collection ! it is a ugly zombie ! but my son loves it !
my niece is going to love this ! i can't wait to see her face when she opens it for christmas !
works very well as a protective case , kids love their electronics , and games , but are a little rough on them .
would recommend . looks so real that my kids almost ate them . the set looks like a real cookie jar perfect for speech therapy
bought this for my 17 mo old grand daughter and she really likes it . she loves the music and pushing the buttons
this set is a good one . all of the little instruments sound good , hold up to abuse well . i'd buy it again .
legos keep my children entertained and inspires their creativity ! these legos are high quality and the storage box is perfect for keeping things organized .
hours of fun ! bought more for extra fun . bought real regular marbles to use and they work great . boys love this game
love the doll it great and something different from the monster high line and it she look exactly like a cat
my son continues to be obsessed with thomas and friends . this has been a fun and welcome addition to the collection ! he loves it ! !
no pieces to lose on it and it talks and rolls over great.my grandson actually plays with this toy .
my 3 year old is loving these , but i fear the durability of them . they are meant for the older artist a bit .
it's cute , and easy to transform . my son really likes playing with it since he got it for christmas . thanks .
it's very durable , adult quality but for kids in rally fun bright colors . i even used them , they were handy to have ...
this doll is great . we love the colors she is . her hair is so curly and fluffy like . perfect addition .
my 4 yr old son loves to collect toy cars , trucks and buses . this mail truck was a great addition to his collection .
very soft , super cute , and really looks like stitch . my daughter flipped out when she saw him under the christmas tree .
these are so colorful and cute . i used them for my daughters first birthday as party favors for an owl theme . they were perfect !
this is on its second toddler and we can't seem to break it ! it's great fun too , they love it .
bought set of two ... one for each boys and they loved it ... i would buy again and highly recommend you buy
my son got an enormous amount of legos for christmas and his holds them all . i wish the lid was a little harder but it's all good !
he is great hes probly the best defense type and he dosent take long to arive a great bey that u should buy
lots of fun for the whole family . we played teams so even our 7 yr old enjoyed it since she knew some of the answers .
thought grandkids would be interested but maybe need a rainy day , not very excited about them . guess i will send them to other grands .
my daughter loves to build and figure things out so this is the perfect toy for her ! ! she spends more time on this than any other toy !
any child over 8 yrs old will love this ... loads easy , soaks my husband really well - left him sputtering for about ten minutes :)
we have several toys from green toys and are always pleased with the quality of the toys and as a mom , i love the packaging ! ! !
gift for 10 year old boy who loves video games . he told me he really enjoyed it and continues to play it with friends .
no complains , except that the velcro piece at the top of the dart comes off after some play . i need to glue it back .
blade parts are easiest to get , there every where not costly blade has a very good name and product ! better than most !
what can i say ... lego's for a kid is like gold ... this thing is still being played with 2 years after i got it for my nephew .
bought this little mouse with 2 aurora cats ... great gift for my 4yr old daughter to play with ...  .. .
high quality that you'd expect from ravensburger ! not too easy , not too hard . i have a lot of puzzles and this is one of my favorites .
its a good item , i totaly recomended , i very happy with it , my party gonna be succesful . excelente and beautiful .
it's hard to write about a toy that really doesn't do anything , but the child absolutely loves it and it was money well spent .
this toy blows bubbles . i knocked off a star because its open design makes it kind of easy to spill , yet a little hard to fill .
my son likes thomas , so these are perfect.great for travel or to take to school . they are well made and sturdy too .
a gift for a three year old thomas the train fan . this is one he did not have and he loved it . very well made .
however , the pictures and sounds were just the same for our one year old granddaughter as they were for her daddy . love it .
arrived quick and in great shape . it works well and have had no issues with it . would recommend for any addition to there thomas sets .
so glad lego had come out with a princess theme . my daughter plays with this set for hours and it is super easy for her to build .
munchkin is such a great game ! i love it ! this is the starter game , which you should buy first . buy the expansions later on .
boring . annoying . gets old fast . the scoops don't stack , so i have random scoops in the toy box . not worth it .
without all the fancy packaging ... legos are affordable ! my kids have had hours of fun building houses and neighborhoods ! oh , and one fantastic castle ...
my son loves everything sonic so needless to say come christmas morning he will be a ver happy boy . delivered fast , and great pricing
i like games that require my kids to reason and think about why they are doing things . it is a fun way to reinforce logic .
very well made . my daughter doesnt really play with it . she seems to be bored easily but a great classic toy .
if you like disney you will love this game . we all play and learn something new about the movies each time .
this was a christmas gift and my nephew loved it ! sturdy and cute for boys or girls ! catchy gift for all
this was a christmas gift my 8 year old granddaughter . it was one of the items on her list and she was thrilled !
awesome product ! ! comes with barbie and car . my niece loved it and can't stop playing with it ! great find and great price !
so far our grand son really likes this to , he has just started crawling and he follows this toy all around the room .
got a good deal on line . girls love it , too cute , needs a lot of batteries , very real and sturdy to play with
highly recommend , 5 yro loves playing waitress . perfect fit i would say runs a little on the small size especially if putting on over clothes .
we got this adoreable doll for our granddaughter because it had her coloring and looked like her . she loves it .
son loved it and love the fact that it folds up for storage ... also like that we can add on to it with our existing pieces .. great product
i bought this for me and my husband . we love to play , i just wish the game lasted longer between two people .
it is good as toy or car with remote control . it eats poops badly.my kids play just a little ... not for us .
my 9 year old loved it . it just the right complexity for her to enjoy and take time . the building lends itself to creative changes from her .
my grandson loved it , but it became one of those toys you wish you hadn't bought . very annoying to the adults and pets .
i was so excited to get these dolls for my little girls but the dresses are difficult to take on and off and they break easily .
i rather liked this little set , it didn't come with many pieces , but the little wizard guy and the baby dragon were awesome .
very cute play diaper bag . gave it 4 stars because i wish it had more diapers in it . overall , very good .
always a winner lego kids love them at all ages ... always entertaining ... can keep recreating with legos ... a million toys in one
i ordered this for my preschool classroom . they love this even the older children . i even brought a second one so the can build them higher .
this giraffe is absolutely adorable ! ! ! it is bigger than i expected , but it is soft and squishy and my daughter sleeps with it every night .
these are great ! really fun and especially cool because they're black with glowy accents . bought these for a 10 year old girl and she loved them !
now we have the complete collection ! the 6 transformers rescuebots are now living at home ! ! my 4 years old boy , absolutely loves this toy !
my 4 year old is carrying it everywhere along with her flashlight and magnifying glass.well made , durable , great colors and design .
so much selection . it is wonderful . lego is a safe wonderful gift for our grandkids . love online shopping . great selection .
this was a gift for my daughter and she loved it . she had to open it immediately and start putting it together !
this is a very educational toy and well worth the money . colorful pieces , teaches numbers and colors . nice teaching tool for the little ones
bought this for my 4 year old grand daughter . with a little guidance , she was able to put them all together in 5 minutes .
these bags are not 8x10 - they are more like 5x7 . the idea is what i wanted - just way too small .
my daughter loves this kitchen , but be careful about ordering the ' food ' by kidkraft because the quality for the food is terrible !
if your kid like tag and spongebob and is approx 7 , this is a winner . full of the stupidity your kid will expect .
lovely activity ball . baby loves to follow it around and giggle as it moves by itself . encourages crawling and movement . very entertaining
bought this learning game for my 2 - year old twins ' leappad explorer 2 ' s . they really enjoy the game and all of the activities .
kids love it have had a great time picking out where relatives live and places we have gone on vacation
these were good quality and quite heavy . they are durable and just as described . they will last for a long time .
love this game ... my husband loves board games and i'm not always as enthusiastic but this is one i find i can enjoy with him .
my daughter as not yet opened it but her friend has the same thing and she loves it her friend uses every day .
i bought this product for my 1 year old granddaughter . she absolutely loves it . it has taught her a lot already .
only wish i could have gotten the whole gang in one batch . but the three were a nice gift for my granddaughter who just loves yo gabba gabba .
big and waterproof . ties nicely under the arms and around the neck . works very nicely . hh hh hh hh hh
lots of variety with the vehicles in this set . very glad i purchased it for my grandson . purchase is recommended .
the feel and look of this toy is very impressive . i know it will last to be handed down another generation . my boys love playing with this !
i like ravensburger puzzles . there is no glare on the pieces and it fits together smoothly . the pieces are good quality .
this toy is great for traveling . a little annoying , but there's a volume adjuster . it's cute and entertaining for little ones .
this game board is of good quality . it is perfect for coming up with your own game ideas . the price was just right .
what a cute set of stickers ! its a great way to have a child name the colors each start contains then as a reward a stickers !
my 2 - year old loves this jigsaw puzzle and mastered it pretty quickly . pieces are pretty big and fairly durable . definitely recommend this .
the small size is the whole point , i realize , but we tend not to use this , mostly because the size is not very appealing .
best game for baby showers , bar mitzvahs , weddings , thanksgiving , and any other time you want to mortify the family . moose .
i got this for kids ages 6-11 and they love it . easy to set up . easy to play . easy to put away .
one year old wouldn't put it down despite other new toys arrayed around her . liked the light , the sound , and making shadows .
it is a beautiful color of red and is great for kids that love chuggington . i have definitely already gotten my money's worth .
the price is great , the product is what you expect for those who love minecraft ! i actually picked up the sword !
provides many enjoyable experiences while learning the basic fundamental concepts of physical sciences . would definitely recommend for any inquisitive child .
we have had a lot of fun with this product . the nail polish is good quality and the nail dryer is a huge plus . very fun !
my 3 year old grand daughter loves it and is so sweet to watch playing babiesand putting her baby to bed next to her own bed .
the set was sent to some friends ' kids and they like it but the balls are not the actual size .
this set is solid and the nicest most beautiful stacking toy i ever saw . it's sure to be a winner with any growing child .
my 4 & 2 year old love these blocks ! i bought a $ 1 plastic shoe box from walmart to store them in and they all fit perfect .
they're expensive but amazing . this was a great set for a gift - legos & super hero's ( specifically spider-man ) , how could you go wrong ?
great toy and gift for advent ! help to share in the season of advent family with smaller home ... and they have so much fun !
i love this book because the games really make you use your brain . most books are for entertainment and this one has both entertainment and education .
all the children from 1 to 5 at the birthday party wanted to play with it sometime during the party events !
much bigger than i thought which is a huge plus . overall , outstanding toy for my nana baby on christmas morning ! !
this is such an awesome learning game ! when my kids aren't playing it they are running through the house creating science experiments . lol !
i love this got shape and color to that a bless that i got this for little girls to i am happy i got this to with color
this dragon puppet is very colorful and my grandson loves to play with him along with gobo . his friends and him spend hours playing with it .
pieces were a bit smaller than i thought , but it is the perfect puzzles for the rooms that we put them into .
my grandson loves puzzles and all melissa & doug puzzles are good quality and should last through many more grand kids !
good for developing memory and speech . fun for the kids to play . not as good as go fish for those purposes .
great way to get a story started or keep it going . my grandson loves to hear and tell stories . we love these helpful picture cards .
my lego loving son absolutely loved this christmas gift . if only we could afford the deathstar too ... i highly recommend it for any die hard lego addict .
great for storing barbies . the handle is a little flemsy so not sure how this will hold up . overall i liked the product .
would give it 5 starts except it's much smaller than i expected . quality made , nicely painted . pay attention to the dimensions - i didn't .
this was a nice addition to the kidkraft uptown espresso play kitchen that i bought for my granddaughter . quality product .
wonderful idea that keeps even older kids entertained . i'm not a fan of toys that make noise but these noises are fairly quiet and not annoying at all .
my daughter got this for a christmas gift . we had never dyed before . it was so easy and fun . i totally recommend this product .
white , no smell , fine greens , even grains , great when mixed with water for sand building , no chemicals ... love this sand ! yes !
the detail and craftsmanship is very good , but the grandkids got bored quickly . my grandson uses the animals for his other farm .
very nice setup with the light brick . very worth for the price you are paying for especially since prices have always been on the uptrend ,
this is not yasmin yasmin is tanned and not pail and has tanbrown hair not black and blue this is a cheat it is jade get over it .
i had to have the whole set of the logging locos and this buy was right on time . we love it .
there are not many good luck charlie items and we love this fun doll to play with , if they love teddy they will love it .
i love this game , i played small world first and this is just as good . a very well done expansion ( stand alone )
how could you not love elmo . everyone i know that sees it loves this to , even people with no kids .
my kids have fun with it , so i guess that's all that matters . voice sounds muffled . not as clear as i would have expected .
i love this ! ! ! it got all the laughs at the baby shower . i am looking forward to seeing the baby with it ! haha
my eleven month old loves playing with the beads when she's in her highchair . it keeps her entertained and helps with her cognitive abilities ... would buy again .
my daughter loves it . she is in the process of learning all of the best patterns . not a bad alternative to the higher priced rainbow loom .
we love this doll . i bought two 2 different dolls for the two girls and they love them . thank you .
this monster high doll was a gift and one of the cutest versions of abby i have seen . kinda hippie-ish but totally cute . the child loved her .
my adult children love this game and they said this was a great addition to the game . it makes it better , more exciting and more challenging .
bought this as a gift for my god son and he loves it . takes me back to past as well as the telephone !
very inexpensive , very easy to store away or to remove . girls can carry it justlike a back pack .. very sturdy also
the kids are really enjoying learning ! they have a hard time sharing this game . both want to play at the same time !
this was a hit at christmas . in fact he received two for christmas and one was returned for other things .
another great educational learning toy from leap frog . we are huge fans in this house . very happy with this purchase !
got these to go along with the crayola see thru light designer that i bought as a gift , they work really well .
you get what you pay for and these are okay but not great . i will spend more and to get better next time .
we bought this to go with my daughter's kitchen she got for christmas . it's a great , durable little wooden set . seems to be high quality .
they look nice and they hold well . my daughter uses them often and they are still as new . definitely recommended !
my cousin loved this ! i liked it as well its great for a slumber party or for mother daughter stuff .
cute , good price . my son really likes , but one wing broke immediately . saying are good . wish it had space helmet
great price and great copter . i've purchased so 12 of these for family and friends and all have worked great .
fun doll , perfect for any little girl who likes my scene . fun , fashionable & lots of props to play along with !
well made , thick bread slices , thick pieces of all condiments and meats etc . quality is great , great addition to our daughter's kitchen cafe !
my kids love these . i would buy it again . it is your basic shrink dink kit . if you like shrink dinks then you will like this .
my grandson screamed when he opened it on xmas as he was so delighted with it . arrived in good condition and on time .
great box of track . good diversity of connections . it is well built and fits a variety of other tracks
i got it for my friend little girl and it was bigger then what i thought it would be . the look of her face made my day
the family finger puppets are very nice . i usually make my own finger puppets but this set was so nice i bought 2 of them .
we bought this for my 2 - year-old's birthday and for car trips . she loves it , and enjoys coloring , and having us write letters for her .
this was a gift for grandson and he loves it . he carries it around . just big enough and has enough buttons to keep his attention .
great toy ! hopefully the pieces won't get lost . i've had great success buying vtech toys for my grandkids . good quality .
my 4 year old is a huge jake and the neverland pirates fan . he absolutely loved this figurine set . great toy .
these are really good . i have had them for a couple of months now and they haven't dried or anything , so i am really happy .
all the games are fun to play ! it's easy on the fingers ! i enjoy playing all the games . it ' fun !
not as cool as i thought and not as good as i thought , i wouldnt really recommend for the price i wouldnt pay more than $ 20 for this
colorful and sturdy way to introduce little ones to nature ! can't wait till spring to hide them in the grass ..
my daughter flipped for this flipeez ! it's hard to pick just one since they have so many to choose from . i love it ! i recommend it .
my daughter loves these for her new grocery store . they look so realistic and cute . a must have for a child's grocery store .
my seven year old grandaughter recieved this hippie with the rocker girl for valentines day she was very happy with these figures .
greandkids loved it for their legos and to use it to play on , well worth it the money it cost
i was expecting a little more . the blanket is cheap and thin . oh well , my son has wanted one of these for a while .
it's quite a bit smaller than i expected and i don't think it will fit very many things inside . it's a christmas present for my daughter .
its the original my little pony . good quality . its like the little sisters of the normal ponies , that's what i was told by my daughter .
miss cleopatra is very authentic with her gown , hair , makeup and of course , her snake . she really is an egyptian lego queen .
i ordered this for my 2 year old daughter and she absolutely loves it ! she uses it with the other fisher-price setup we got her ... fun !
my 15 month old nephew enjoys this cd . he dances to it and bounces around to the beat . for the price i would probably purchase something else .
un toy , for a 2 year old , and even the brother a 7 year old . provides hours of entertainment , for both children and adults fun
my daughter absolutely loves this little kitchen ! she has the best time playing with it , and doesn't tire of it at all ! !
my son loves these but you can buy them cheaper at the disney store . cute toys , decent quality , lots of fun for little mater fans !
these bottles have been dropped , stepped on , thrown , taken by the dog , and in the bathtub and they still work great .
i love this sort of games , with which kids can be creative and use their brain , and can share time with adults around them as well .
got this for my granddaughter for her birthday and she absolutely loved the bed , couldn't decide which monster high doll to put in it .
i had waited for this until i could get it on sale . i cant wait until this fall and use this in december with my 3 year old .
lots of fun to cut and peel veggies . my 22 - month old granddaughter can do it too . realistic sections . very clever .
my 3 yr . old son has this to go with his workbench and he measures everything he sees ! very cute for pretend play !
this was a gift for my son's birthday and he really loved it . i would buy again for a gift for someone else . thanks once again
have 1 and 3 year olds that play with this . pictures are clear and they throw it around and do normal kid stuff with it .
my little cousin loves to decorate and make things , so all these crafts supplies are going to be excellent , cant wait !
my 1 year old loves these , love that you can sort by shapes and colors , now just need to figure out how to not lose the pieces .
operetta is always a great addition to the monster high collection no matter what series she shows up in . great detail and a super deal !
my little one likes these . they are soft enough to play with or hold . there are so many and the colors are bright .
my kids love pillow pets and this is cute , cuddly , and soft . great gift idea and for the kids to snuggle on !
hah i really am not , but this game has it all a great story narrative backed with streamlined rules for a fantastic co-op adventure
the brushes are real , i think my daughter even ended up with a better broom set than i have myself - _ -
great for being stuck inside during the winter . i love to play with them as much as my kids do !
this takes terrible photos ! ! like worst ever can barely see it . so grainy and just horrid . buy something else
this toy is kinda cool , it comes with buttons that play different tunes and other sounds . it also has lights that flashes .
christmas gift for my grandson , he loves them.my gift was the hit of his day ! ! a must for anyone who loves super heros .
toy just as described , we had encountered no problems with it . however , i would have loved it even more if the back door would have slid open
bought this as a christmas gift . looks like a nice set and my husband's cousin said she liked it so i guess that's what matters .
i bought this as a stocking stuffer , great idea ! ! had a good laugh and fool the person big time
gift for my granddaughter who is a special needs child . melissa & doug activities always are just right . would reccommend for any child .
more fun in the pool than the tub , but my granddaughter loves to play with them either place . good buy .
very cute & cool for minecraft fans . my son was thrilled to get this for christmas . he carries it around with him sometimes .
what can i say , perfect ! the colors are bright , the size is big and the quality is high . my daughter loves it all .
this is a must-have if you have the tag reader . it stores the books well and keeps track of the reader .
bought for my grandson for his birthday these are very cute . i know he will spend many hours playing with it .
what can i say , for the price this was a good value . exactly as appears . much nicer than some of the cheep looking ones .
her favorite color is pink and green sea turtles . great price and great products . she is happy with sea turtles .
my 4 year old loves this product . would highly recommend for kids 3 and up . great quality and hours of fun .
cute gift . i got this for my 15 month old for xmas . its small but great for his age and to bring places with some trains .
excellent toy to use a kids brain . they have to be patient and persistant and not give up . love this toy should get toy of year award .
my son really enjoys playing with this toy , and i like that it's well-made and has a pleasant sound to it . would definitely buy it again !
stocking stuffers are super cheap and really don't work.cute to look at but that's about all.you get what you pay for .
kind of a little annoying when you have to change the batteries .. but other then that it protects it pretty good .. believe me ..
this game is great for 4 players ! it is quick and fun . a must buy for game nights with friends !
it's really cute but my 3 1/2 year old has no interest in this product . :( glad we got it on sale .
this looks like it will be a fun puzzle for my grandson . nice size pieces , should be fun to make on the kitchen floor .
great for the price . needed a little formatting since i purchased it used . nothing major but took a little time to reconfigure .
esp the sharkhe likes to have the shark eat thingswe left the shark at his grandma and grandpas house - he was a messthey are now reunited :)
not at all what i expected . nothing you can do with these they are sticky too and very thin . i don't see the point of them .
my 6 year old has assembled this puzzle over and over again for years now . it is extremely well made with bright , lovely colors .
such a cute items for girls my daughter loves it and wants the whole set , easy to carry around and play with
it was neat , but the putty is so hard and thick it takes like 10 minutes to absorb the magnet .
my daughter got this for christmas and she loves to color and draw . i love this toy . definitely a well worth it gift !
high quality child's toy which my 4 year old loves ! mattel did it again with this batman series . very durable toy .
i got this for a birthday party . the girl loved it . i heard it was an successful butterfly farm .
just what we ordered . neat little set with easy to make lego thing . the green monster is a great little lego man .
perfect for a 4-6 year old child . give them a great opportunity to be observant and to pay attention to details .
love itsuch great fun for like $ 20.00 crash after crash , comes up smiling ready to go again.buy one you won't regret it .
too much fun is had with this item to add to my granddaughter's american girl accessory collection . i would recommend this purchase .
my 2.5 old year son love this toy . the toy from a good strong material . son likes to build and tear down the tower
cashmere is so cute and cuddly . my granddaughter is so happy with it . it was very pricey but she loves the beanie boos and cats .
we had it floating over the christmas tree , christmas morning and it stole the show . works well , i would recommend this product .
i love the music , beautifully played . some layouts are a bit small but still entertaining , makes learning fun for all
i love it ! ! my son will love it ! 100 % recommended ! i bought it for my 3 year old son b-day !
i bought this as a christmas gift for my granddaughter . it was well worth the price when i saw the look on her face when she opened it .
we got baby stella for my daughter last year for christmas but ended up returning her because she's not as cute in person as the picture .
great game.one of the best actuallyif you are a batman fan , you wont be disappointedand if you are not a fan ... you will be !
gift for one of my grandchildren . they liked the puzzle and we play it often . keeps them busy for awhile .
this puzzle is great for learning letters as well as learning to spell and you can't beat the price .
my husband bought for my 6 year old for christmas . they love playing this game . great strategy game and so fun !
bought it as a gift for my almost - 4 god daughter . she enjoys playing with it . even includes her parents in her party .
this is adorable ! all the buttons really work including the volume control ! now whenever we watch tv baby has her own remote to keep her busy .
i used these for my son ’ s 2nd birthday party along with some party favor crayons and the kids loved them .
adds new classes and races to the already amazing munchkin game . its and absolutely must have expansion . the cards are funny , creative , and very useful .
the game system you can buy your kids and never feel guilty , the leapfrog systems are highly educational and fun at the same time .
this is great ! works as drums and cup . my 1 yr old loves his bath drums . very entertaining little toy .
because it there was enough room to not only hold her ( my granddaughter ) bands but also hold the loom . keeps everything in one place .
my grandson is crazy for jake the pirate , so i ordered this for him . i was so surprised and pleased with it ! he loves it .
these little guys were a big hit at christmas ! they are well made and can handle the playtime , any time thanks , buddyerma
granddaughter had lots of space to put lots of her barbie's outfits . she loved this christmas gift a whole lot .
he holds together really well , and his weapons make sense . plus in robot mode he looks legit . a + +
our daughter was ( and still is ) obsessed with princess aurora and every aurora needs her trusted owl . excellent quality and very cute .
this is a great craft project . of course the pieces are not the most durable , but so much fun to make and put together .
our daughter and my wife have been having a blast drawing on the dress and making designs . this is by far our daughter's new favorite barbie .
i thought it would be a little bigger . i am going to buy the castle that goes with it to keep her busy .
my almost 5 year old has been wanting this thing for over a year so when he received it as a gift he was so happy !
this is an x-mas gift . so , it is still un-opened but seems to be a new quality leapster game . am satisfied .
it was built and played with and taken apart , rebuilt .. it held their interest for a long time . some help needed in following directions .
i love the additional cards . i purchased this very soon after enjoying a couple of games with the starter set .
got this as a gift for my grandson's fourth birthday a couple of months ago . he loves it . good quality paper and nicely done .
kids liked it but not played with very often ! it is easy to store & fun to play with if you have company to play with .
my daughter loves her little " sick " dog , and is always fixing him . although everything is plastic , it is sturdy and keeps her busy .
the figure is amazing as most mcfarlane toys ' figures are . it is very realistic looking and the sword and sheath of course are just perfect !
large pieces , great for little hands . by age 4 , gd had grown out of it . great for building different structures every time .
we played this game pretty regularly for several years . in my house that is saying this game is good . the secret identities keep everyone guessing .
arrvd on time & well pkd . this girl collects these so i was really happy to discover so many kinds available . shebwill have somebher friends don't have !
there is not a " play " phone in this product . it is very disappointing and misleading to the consumer who buys it online .
my son has a ds now but he'll still get out the ole ' leapster to play with this game . he really liked it . good selection .
this product came on time and in new condition.my daughter loved this gift.she played with it for hours on christmas day and slept with it that night .
we gave a few different ones as christmas gifts . kids of all ages loved them , as well as the adults ! i highly recommend !
my grandson was thrilled to get this for christmas . always trust a lego product to be great and hold up well .
this is a very cute book and my one year old grandson likes it but it could use a little more touch and feel surfaces .
i bought this for my 3 yr old daughter ( since it is purple ) . she loves it and her twin brother does too .
i ordered these for christmas at a substantial savings . the granddaughters enjoyed picking out their own game to download onto their new leap pads .
adorable set for " little mommy " ! ! ! my granddaughters love it . made very well and the price was good ! would buy again .
my 2yo nephew loves ' em . i bought them to go along with a tractor set . the average size is about 3 " tall ...
good toy and pretty tough , the only problem the windshield will not stay on it . our son loves the octonauts so it was worth the money .
melissa and doug toys are the best ! ! good learning toys and yet fun . grand daughter loves having mom sit down and make things with her
fun little child-toy for kids of all ages ... five to ninety-five . i accidently sat on mine when it was in my back pocket.woke me right up !
this set is age appropriate for about 5 years and above ... not sure it was worth the money . doesnt make very many bracelets
adorable durable truck . so much fun for my 1 year old . he loves to watch the eyes move . fun sounds too . not too loud .
well built and 4 year old son loves it just wish it were a bit brighter ! it will be great for him for play
this figure is badass it is well sculpted and detail it also has a lot of articulation and two different heads to display him with i recommend this figure .
my son is 4 and he loves these alphie cards ! the music is not at all annoying and is teaching him about different instruments , very engaging .
loved this item ! very cute , well made and lots of fun for my nephew ! perfect for toddlers who shop with mommy !
my 4 year old son loves spiderman and he is enjoying this one . good quality and fantastic buy . will be buying more soon
i sent this to my garndchildren , ages 5-7 and they loved it and their mother had fun with it all ! a new fun tradition for christmas !
my 8 year daughter old who loves lego enjoyed adding this box to her collection of items . handy storage box too .
this game is a lot of fun while also helping to promote fine motor skills , eye hand coordination , and sequencing skills . well worth purchasing .
we pull out board games for the holidays and this one is a perennial favorite . the price was really good too .
this toy made a little boy very happy ! he had a lot of fun playing with the toy and it is fun watching .
nice toy - recommended for ages 3 through 5 . i gave it to my 6 - year-old son for play testing , and it was not a disappointment .
my six year old and five year old grandkids love this game . they take it with them everywhere they go .
got this for my husband's 40th birthday party which was camping themed . these were perfect and so original . loved it .
this is a required item.the lego users must have a itemis a base product for lego creation.the diorama is a necessity for the configuration .
i bought this last year for my little great-granddaughter . she immediately loved it and i'm told that she stills plays with it . it is durable and entertaining .
these plates make it easy for a small toddler to build his duple towers , or whatever his imagination comes up with .
this is a huge bag of pom poms - - great for arts and crafts . there is a nice variety of sizes .
bought for night 5k . shows up very well in the dark . they don't flash but thats ok . will use them
i was truly happy with the product . grandson played with them for quite a long time . plan to purchase more for him .
this is a great toy for baby's little hands . it is also soft and rattles so my baby loves it !
our then six year old granddaughter received this from santa last year and she loved it ! am very happy for having made this choice .
my 9 year old asked for this for christmas and he loves it . it doesnt light up , but he doesnt care .
this is such a great lumber loading wagon . the logs come off too . it is well made and will add so much to your brio train set .
i bought this for my grandbaby and cant wait for her to get in it , i had these for my kids growing up and they are great .
i would highly recommended to get your baby interacting . rhyming songs weremember from our childhood . my grandson loves it and we get to spend quality time together
if you own a syma s107 , then you should definitely have a couple sets of these replacement parts for those times it breaks on you .
this is a challenging toy for all age groups . one has to be patient in order to play this game and win .
got it for her 5th birthday and she loves it , she is still playing it and tells me all about it .
cute blocks but they are pretty small . love the different shapes and colors but would of liked them a bit larger .
ordered for my daughter , who is 7 ... can't go wrong ! she collects webkinz and loves zebra pattern , and of course pink ... win win !
these outfits are really nice and my granddaughter is going to love them for her monster high dolls . the outfits look to be very well made .
i though this vtech toy would be great for my nephew , i figured , this toy was the best of two worlds for boys ( cars and dinosaurs )
my grandchildren love this dvd . the read along books are a real hit , but be aware that while the books are sturdy they do tear .
my son liked the trains at first more than the helicopter but now he is developing an interest in airplanes and space ships .
fun item … my son drops and throws this thing everywhere and its still intact … no chips or breaks … he loves it … . good item ...
doesn't quite work like i thought ... and doesn't work like the pic shows and most of the water comes out underneath the sprinkler and not through the top
my son loves to spin the top but he is only 3 months but my 3 year old loves it too and plays with it when she can .. haha
i purchased this as a gift for my 6 year old grandson and he really enjoys them . he plays with them all the time .
the idea of having somewhere to store all of my son's cars was great , but this car case broke and would not stay intact . disappointed :(
great game my son loves playing the game and creating the monsters and seeing how much scare power he can get ..
junk . or maybe i should say the concept is faulty . the structure is sturdier than a lot of car toys . but the cars don't change color .
very well made and durable . there are several blanks to create your own chores . the brightly colored faces are fun .
i love toys by melissa & doug ! this one is really cute , i just wish it was a little bit bigger , but is nice !
i remember the butterfly yo yo . it was as described . my grandaughter liked it & practices touse the yoyo .
i got these binoculars as a holiday present for my little nephew . he likes his present , which helps neatly with my nephew's very creative mind .
my niece loves headbands and jewelry and so this set is exactly what she wanted . we are both happy with the product .
play - doh was a bit dry but it was a great set to buy for a certain occasion or travel size .
great leaning dvd for those wanting to learn fun new card tricks to show their friends . kids enjoyed it greatly .
my two year old nephew really liked it . he can put it together - plus he thinks they are real tools and tries to use them ...
just of ton of little things in this package lots of fun . i am giving this to my grand daughter for christmas .
these markers are amazing and truly mess free ! my granddaughter has used them before and her mommy loves them ! great product !
my nephew doesn't play with this . he can't figure it out . it is a little hard to use for the recommended age .
my grandkids loved this and i got refills just in case ! didn't need refills but read online that it would be good to have so did purchase them !
little bus - 2yr old loves it--bus---only thing is that no little people fit inside.he runs around with it and throws it.no problems
i have not had to replace the part yet , but these match up with the parts on the helicopter now , and should work well when installed .
roomy case is easy for little ones to pack up , has all the equipment my granddaughter needs to feel like a real doctor .
great design top off all the other items we purchased for our construction site theme for our two year old grandson ... it was loved by all .
this was a huge hit with my one year old grandson . it got him up and running . every boy and girl should have a radio flyer .
this toy is so much fun , travels well , and boys and girls will like it . the best toy received this christmas !
the boys loved this toy . the had great fun shooting it and dog retrieving the discs . amazing the dog dint chew it up !
13 month old grandson really likes the music it plays , and he likes pushing the buttons .. he dances to it too .
it is a great way to pass the time away . in the car , at the dr's office , etc . keeps the mind occupied .
i bought this for my 4 year old grandson and he loves playing with this and likes to act like he is sheriff
my four year old granddaughter plays with this and the frozen action figures for hours . this will be a favorite for years .
sticky mosaics are fun and easy for all kids to do ! no glue required ! hours of entertainment ! definitely recommend it !
decent quality starte guitar for kids . small and easy to handle . good strings and sound . pretty tough as well . the kids have dropped it several times
we love red he us a cute sensitive fire engine that waters flowers and cries when he is sad or his feelings are hurt .
my son received this for christmas this past year and he loves it he plays with it everyday as well as the other duplos i purchased .
a little flimsy but great for crafts and drawing . lots of shapes and sizes help with learning and are useful when doing projects
cute and fun to play with , arrived really fast . will be fun to have on finger when reading book and acting out characters .
this is a craft that doesn't make a huge mess and can be picked up easily for finishing later . my girls have done a lot of these sets .
gosh , it's so hard to find these in hawaii . they are the usual blowout party favors . they're a bit wide though to accommodate the minion picture .
this is a real nice science kit . has various science projects . easy to follow the instructions and very entertaining and educational .
nice collection did not come with instructions which really are needed . gave it to a 6.7 yr old and he liked them however , directions need to be added
it's not as big as i had hoped , but my son loves it anyway . the colors are really bright and fun . so far so good !
these bands glow in the dark the kids loved them . many projects to make with them . will be back to get more .
my daughter loves the books . they are easy for her to manipulate and flip through . i also like the fact that they actually work with the reader .
my 2 year old loves them i got her more melissa and doug puzzles they are perfect for her little hands and i love them too
it's a cute toy with each ring making a different noise . the kids like to play with it and pretend it's a birthday cake .
my girls have loved this set of legos . i love it because it came in a carrying case so they can store other legos in it .
bought this for my 14 month old daughter , she loves it . well made , great size , well worth the money spent .
good castle a little pricey but my daughter likes it comes with two dollsyou can buy more at walmart
i use these for my coupons and they work great ! there's no need to buy expensive pages made just for coupons when you can just buy these .
if you play settlers of catan and play with friends , get the extension pack , it is worth it . you will love having the extension .
boys really love this , and even though it's small , that's what the little boys wanted ! makes a really nice gift .
it's not that i don't like it , it's a cool figure but the detailing is off . catwoman looks like a prostitute in this figure .
this is my grandson's favorite leapster game . he loves all the activities and the rewards we can print out for him .
these shoes are so cute and fit well , and i got the pink ones also . nice quality and construction and look cute
my son bought this , it is a colorful toy , easy to assemble for a 10 year old , he loves it .
gift sent to my great nephew for his 3rd birthday . it appears to be made very sturdily and affords him much amusement .
it looks like a real stroller and my granddaughter loves it . however i feel it is a little too light . other than that i would recommend it .
nice product for the price however it's a little hard to see the metallic in the pencils however its a good durable product
i was a bit disappointed in the quality of this drum . it doesn't seem to be as durable as i have come to expect from little tikes .
fun toy - my sons love it - easy to use for the younger kids since you just shake cars . folds to store . glad we bought it !
my daughter loves tinkerbell , but only sort of loves this book . she'll read it , but there are other tag books she'll read first !
absolutely great ! perfect likeness , and being ten inches tall is awesome , it really brings out the detail with his poncho and bowgun
perfect for my 1 year old has lots of different shades and options so his learning continues on and on
perfect for any little girl ! so many different books you can get to go with it , and its so simple to use !
this card making set is super cute ! lots of nice patterned paper . i ordered for my 5 year old and she loved it !
perfect little doll kit for smaller dolls . everything your little girl wants for her baby doll . my 5 year old plays with pieces from this every day .
2 year old twin grandaughters love these , but must be supervised while playing with them as the smallest is very small .
my daughter loves to play with this guitar . it has lots of sounds and music settings . the strap is nice and thick and soft .
i like using this game to break the ice during lunch bunches with kids . it's a good tension reliever and gets kids talking .
we love this ... fun , well made and sturdy.been played with for over a year and still looks brand new .
love it love it love it . i thought that it was going to be loud and its really not . its like every otherlittle kids toy that makes noise
this is the coolest barbie horse i have ever seen . the horse does everything it claims to do . my 9yr old and 7 yr old love it !
there's no better gift for a kid than new play doh . it's a one size , fits all gift for all ages . <3
seriously worth every penny . you might as well grab both expansions to fill out the set . i can only hope they make more .
this toy is better as they get older . my daughter loved it ... still does.she is now 4 years old and she still plays with it .
found this on a top toys of 2008 website ... i am very pleased we purchased this
they sharpen nicely , don't break easily , and the boys ( 4 and 6 ) rarely touch their crayons since receiving these . fantastic !
this figure is ok is not as good as the classic figure but i need him for my movie collection .
perfect for the season . our kids love the mazin hamsters so nick will be wonderful addition to the family this xmas
my 9 year old daughter loves it and we will probably get more in the series . thank you for the prompt service .
purchased as a christmas gift for my five year old son . he loved it . first toy he wanted to play with on christmas .
these cards really add a challenge to your munchkin game . some are good , and some are bad . sometimes you have more than 1 dungeon too !
better to get the two than the one ! you can put them together and build build build upon them :) durable too !
purchased for my daughter ( from new baby sister ) and she loved it !
better than color wonder with zero mess . these are great . i bought a few of them and my 2 yr old loves them .
ordered as gift for grand daughter , she loves it . this was her request for christmas the reviews are correct in not playing with them .
great idea but stained our tub . magic eraser helped get most of the color out . not worth it in case it happens to your tub
these are perfect and very sturdy for my son truck birthday theme party . so happy with them and can't wait to use them
my nephew and i enjoyed this game . just like back in the day when my family played it . in perfect condition .
it was a nice toy , my nephew got excited when he saw it but i don't think he will play with it a lot ...
bought for granddaughter who loves legos and horses.easy to put together and fun to play with.nice sized pieces , easy to handle
tons of cool cars , all authentic , too bad you can't discard those you already ordered , otherwise i would purchase more of these
my son says this is good for knocking others down . he likes it and sometimes uses it as a back up to his diablo .
my 6 and 8 year-olds really like this game and so do i--good brain work-out and addictive ! a good game for adults and children .
we have played this game several times in couple gatherings and heve enjoyed the interaction it encourages . fun family game .
used this on our 4th of july float to simulate under water bubbles . everybody loved it . only had to refill once .
got one for my granddaughter and she loves at 3 to look through it and watch the shapes change and all the colors
my grand daughter loves this she is shrinking and drawing and shrinking .. i had to go out and buy more paper for her to use
this one is fun and exciting for all children of certain ages and being supervised properly . yes it made a hit to all .
love this game . it is so fun to play and very updated . i highly reccomment it to everyone . :d :d
my five year old loves this toy . great imaginative play . he can use the figures from his imaginext advent calendar with it .
good product . sturdy but a bit of a pain if you're trying to move it around . doesn't fit through doorways very well .
daughters love this toy . removed from box and assembled themselves , which i loved . a lot of play value and a perfect toy for summer .
quick shipping , just as described , i have came back again to order this one ! great price ! great stocking stufferperfect for any lego lover
grandkids loved it ! it's sturdy and displays well . it's bright red . and it holds legos action figures . what more could you want ?
these batteries fits perfect in the x1 , i get real flying time as much as twice , compare with the stock ones , real deal .
minnie's bow-tique is great . my grand daughter loves minnie so it is just what she wanted and she loves playing it .
make sure you get the refill . this is awesome ! ! ! my son has been playing a lot with this ! worth my buy !
like the game ! like the fact that it took us a little while to learn the ins and outs about this game . will recommend .
my grandson really likes to play with the blocks . the blocks have great color and a great variety of subjects and colors on the blocks .
i got this for my nephew and for the price it is such a great option . my nephew is 6 and really enjoys toys like this .
it is what it is . a light game to get non-heavy gamers to a table and lots of laughs . it does what it does perfectly .
i thought they were cute and she has same shoe herself - - very tiny but i got a bunch of outfits for her christmas !
not a real sturdy product , but the boy splayed with it a lot . easy to fold up and store with the toys , works with hot wheels .
overpriced small , waste of $ $ wished they had been honest and added size in incheschristmas wish of grand daughter who was disappointed in the size too .
she got hours of fun out of this . now that she's almost three , she doesn't play with it any more .
i ordered this for a zoo themed birthday and the kids loved it . great product for the price , definitely will order others like this .
my 9 yr old grandson adores this - it was put together immediately on christmas and displayed proudly . quite a tricky assembly , but he did it himself .
purchased these at a very good price . they are really cute . put in my christmas closet and positive they will be loved by all .
my grandson is a fan of power ranger . he loves these action figures . he has so much fun playing with them .
my son lvoes octonauts . this has been a hit in our household , i have nothing bad to say about this product .
honestly for the price it's totally not worth it i bought the travel one and it was worthless so i bought the deluxe and honestly not worth the money
this was less than half of the price that i saw it in a local chain store . great deal and good quality .
this toy was a purchase at around 1yo and is still being played with at 3 ! we highly recommend it .
i bought this as a travel toy when i took my granddaughters on a short trip . it rea ; ; y kept them busy for a long while .
this item was purchased for a five year old boy that collects these , his mom told me later that this is his favorite one !
my son loved this for his gotcha day gift ... we have spent many hours making bracelets and rings ... thanks a bunch !
great item for the leappad 2 since we dont have to use or change batteries all the time . recommend it
bought this for my 6 year old gramdson's birthday . fun and easy to do . it provides lots of fun for him .
10 cards with different phrases , my 6 year old loves using it and running around like a power ranger in battle
she loves star wars figures so this helped make her christmas happy . thanks for making it happen for her.sincerely , gram
bought to use with wooden train track . our child loves building and playing with trains . trains seem to be well made
don't waste time or money on this , it does not work at all . it does not churn any bubble no matter how much you wind it .
lego architecture is expensive.but this configuration is a good product at a reasonable price.this is an opportunity that can have a significant building.with educational and fun feel .
this spider-man figure is one of the best sculpted figure i've seen.it could only be better if i were spider-man in real life .
the expansion adds a new twist to a great game . new civilizations , leaders to act as " generals " for you , a + +
this is just as advertised . like the original magna doodle it brings lots of fun drawing in to your family .
i bought this for my daughter for easter ! she's going to love it ! ! can't wait for our first living room slumber party .
haven't given this to my granddaughter but , but know she will like it as much as the other webkinz i have given to her .
great purchase for my granddaughter . some of the items were a little advanced for her but she will grow into it and has room to grow .
kids and parents can play , its a great time lots of fun , can be played together with all ages for family fun
he is15months old and loves the noise and sound it makes . good buy for money will last a long time i hope .
our grandson has a kit in a box , this holds not only his loom but all his extra materials too ! it's perfect !
i gave this to my granddaughter for her 5th birthday and she said this was her favorite of all the gifts she received .
this game is fun for my kids , but only for a short period of time . it's more fun for them when everyone plays .
unfortunately , i don't remember purchasing these . it was probably several years ago . i have 9 grandbabies under 9yo . no issues reported to me .
my daughter loves this , and it is so simple to entertain her . she loves to sit on her horse and watch tv .
if you got a little syma 107g , this spare parts will be helpful to you . very easy to replace . good quality product .
i like this kind of game because i feel that help my son to use his imagination and push them to think
this is going to be a christmas gift . i love it , much bigger than what i was thinking ... looks very sturdy ...
grandson loves it and so do i . made to last and last . durable and easy to clean . it'll be around for another generation .
a lot of fun . my 3 year old loves it . not real play-doh though , imitation kind , a bit softer but ok .
i bought this item for my granddaughters and they love it . the multiple pictured play-set is great and i would recommend this to others .
the bed was the only reasonably priced nice one that i could find , very pleased with the product , easy to put together
this one kept my grandkids busy for hours . the effect is amazing and they learned about parabolic mirrors . thank you .
not sure this activity ball from vtech was worth the price but as least was animated and rolled around making noise to catch the attention of the little one .
this toy works on eye hand coordination and no batteries . grandkids and big kids all having fun with this one .
great quality and fun for minecraft fans . my 4 year old loves " steve " and plays with this toy a lot . i will be purchasing more .
both of my grandchildren love this toy , and so do i . i love purchasing them toys that will help them to learn .
it is fun for children to play with and it teaches them the basics of how to wire their own system .
they are wonderful . a little thin so i'm guessing they won't last long but we use them for everything now !
these animals are much better than the ones that came with the noah's ark that i ordered . they are sturdier and a better size for a toddler .
gave to son for x-mas , gets lots joy . nice fill in toy for when want to do something different . toy is very durable
4 new heroes with a new tactic to use.adds another great villain to fightadds more ways to loose via scheme twists .
added this to our daughters collection of webkinz and she was so happy to get it . she has been looking / asking for one for over 3 months .
this lego set was great . it was fun to put together and the instructions were clear . i would recommend this lego set .
bought these pull back cars for my son's birthday goody bags and they were a hit . the kids loved them and were fun to play with .
item is too expensive for what my daughter puts her toys through . i wouldn't ever pay that much for a toy bed .
grandson loves lego & he loves star wars . this was the perfect combination gift . i will be getting more of the sets .
my son loves this pigeon ! he continues to be a big hit at his preschool for share day ! highly recommend w / book set .
this is a fun little set for our pretend kitchen . i love how well the set has held up this past year , they still look brand new .
this was a gift for grand-kids and appears to be a good play set . when my kids were young they spent lots of time pretending with play food .
this is a soft plush . seems well made and is a good size for snuggles . very happy with this purchase and would buy again !
is a great lego , the ironman is really cool , and of course arrive at time , and complete , really good toy
got this and the baby one for my granddaughter age 3 and 20mos , they love them , always in their baby crib , well loved .
my son always makes these bracelets and loves the grey which are hard to find . he uses them all the time .
this set is great for my grandkids play kitchen . nice quality , i think they will last through a couple of kids !
these are steady trucks . my 2 yr old son loves playing with them . plays in sandbox or just on floor .
light is not too bright , perfect for the kid . just a little smaller than i thought , but it's perfect . my baby loves it .
this is a nice size and very cute ! my 4 yr old loves it.seems pretty sturdy for what it's made of .
this is a great floor puzzle and our children enjoy it very much . it promotes eye hand coordination , visual perception , problem solving and many other skills .
a cute doll ! ! holds up well and my daughter loves it . good for 6-12 year olds . my daughter plays with it every day !
this is the add on to munchkins and was a great way to increase the size and fun of the game !
my daughter bought this to use with her merida costume ! she was 4 at the time and this was perfect . it was easy for her to use !
a lot of good cards in here to spice up the game . i only use some of the cards and not the full deck .
my nephew and son love this cart and i bought it for my friends little girl and she loves it too ... very sturdy will last for years .
doll is cheaper than i would have hoped . she isn't the typical barbie standard with smooth soft plastic but instead a rougher cheaper product .
these are the same lincoln logs from everyone's childhood except mine . i played with legos ! these toys are really great for kids who like to build things .
great toy train for any boy or girl & don't have to worry about batteries . something simple , lasting & hassle free .
my 2 year old son likes to play with this toy . i like the meterial and very durable . good toy .
so cute . this is a beautiful dress and i am so excited about giving it to my grand daughter she will love it .
my son loves this game . he likes changing out the characters . we have a lot of fun playing this game .
this yoyo is very good professional quality . it is metal and a good heavy weight , it is easy to use and very fun !
i love being able to recharge instead of replace batteries ! it was worth the price ! i am glad i finally made the investment !
this is a great collection of cards and my kids love them . they want more i should have gotten a set of 3 .
my grandsons christmas gift . it is bright and colorful and has music . which should keeep him entertained for a few hours each day ...
my 19 month old daughter loves it . pieces are of very good quality and colors are vibrant for a toddler .
hey it's mario ! i purchased these for my son's party so i'm sure he and the other children will love them !
our madison loved her--maddie , same name connection--loved the colorful hair , super clothing and sturdiness compared to monster high fragile dolls
great smart learning game , very fun , cheaper here than on the leap frog app page . it is worth it . my son love it !
my son loves it . however it doesn't do well outside - it doesn't go over grass well . he mostly plays with it inside .
we bought this for our 12 year old nephew who just loves to figure things out . this was the perfect gift for him .
my ten year old loves this heli . its easy and the lights are cool . easy to set up and chrage . good beginners heli for kids .
my boys like everything chima related . my 8 y . o . could put this together himself , they love to play with it .
my grand daughter loved this plush stuffy . she has the whole doc mcstuffins collection . she plays with it all the time .
my friend has this gun and says this gun is no good . it wastes bullets and clogs up most of the time ! ! !
my eight year old loved these . he is our resident star wars encyclopedia . good product , i can tell they will last
my 3 yr old grandson loves this and he doesn't even realize he is learning too besides having fun with it .
got this for my 4 year old for x-mas cause she loves to play w / mommy & daddy's digital cameras . she loves it & it works pretty well
every kid needs one of these ! such a great toy that even the younger and older siblings play with . love it !
bought this for christmas . it was the best gift we played with it before bed . its really a great game .
my four year old loves her pillow pet . pink and purple are her favorite colors so this is perfect . cozy , fun and sweet .
what much else is there to say ? they are cheap plastic toy rings that flash . they will likely only fit little kids fingers .
this is the second cover i've purchased . the first one was destroyed by my st bernard but the leap pad is fine .
my two grandkids collect all of the angy bird items . this one is " fun " since it makes a sound as well .
now i have the first 3 expansion packs and i can't wait until the last one comes in the mail soon .
these are fine for functional balls in the childs play hut . have not had any collapse or get crushed . would buy again .
fashion headbands is a great product ! our grand daughter loves making head bands and this product was a great hit with her and her friends !
bought for my five year old grand daughter . they are small and lots of fun . she loves them and so does her one year old brother .
this is a better concept than having to change batteries all the time , it only lasts for a few hours of play though .
granddaughter really likes this set and since she collects monster high dolls ... this was a perfect addition to her collection . :)
i appreciate that it's assembled in america , but it's a kit of really cheap items and uncreative experiments . i was disappointed
another fast fulfilled christmas item . nice to be able to shop without all the crowds for our special needs adopt a family
i bought this for one of my grandsons and they play with it . i felt it would be a distraction from the electronics they are glued to .
perfect add-on item for the rubberband loom bracelets for a 10 - year-old ; she was extremely happy with charms . different varieties for a great price .
i haven't given to my daughter yet as it is a christmas present . however , i am sure she will really like it .
my son loved this sleigh , even though he only got to ride it once last winter . it was a perfect size and looked cute too .
this is a big favorite of my 3 yr old and 1 yr old . easy to use , interactive , and who doesn't adore scout ?
huge book with a lot of fun pages to color . our daughter loves it and has used it several times . i recommend .
its a nice board that rotates for easy positioning . the tiles are well made and storage under the board keeps everything in one place .
my daughter loves fairies , so this game can do no wrong . she is learning and having fun at the same time . wonderful .
gave this to an 8 year old at thanksgiving . loves it . made a lots of bracelets for everyone for christmas and gave a bunch to classmates .
fast shipping , cute product that any dora lover will love , as did my granddaughter , good price too , got the whole lot as a birthday gift
my children are lego fans and especially enjoy the lego figures they like it and have had fun with it
my son is on a train kick and we have ordered several brio items recently . this is another great piece that has held up to very active play .
this things skitters like a roach on a hot plate - it's fast ! turns itself over if you put it on its back , too . fun .
my son built this himself and then we built it another way together . it works great and he is really enjoying it .
okay ... this is just funny . got it for my little guy who hammed it up ... get it just for the laughs !
i bought as a christmas gift for my four year old son . we have played it and it was enjoyable . good construction of puzzle pieces .
now if i could only find people to play it with me . had a great time with my daughter and family recently playing it .
my little boy walks around everywhere with it . making it pop , taking it in and out of his room . he loves it .
i played this as a child , so did my kids , and now so do my grandkids . who doesn't love monopoly ? i don't know anyone .
the kids and i have such a great time playing this game . it is a very simple game to play but still very entertaining .
these go with the zing bow and are much cheaper than the camo arrows . a great buy for a fun toy .
awesome quality , durable , i would definitely recommend this to anyone ! i also like how this toy / doll comes with a pet !
my 18 month old son likes this . makes a helicopter noise when you push a button on the tail fin . good solid toy .
these little figures are so much fun ! love the klip-klop of the little horse.grandchildren love them as much as me .
i like the penguin's accessories ( umbrella backpack thing and two penguins ) and find them appropriate , unlike the joker's car . nice addition to the line .
worked no problem but not sure if you would really need to purchase this if you have a basketball pump or anything already . works the same way .
one of numerous puzzles that grandma owns , the little girls in my life are captivated by this puzzle - visually entertaining . :d
this motorcycle was a good addition to the lego city collection . it was fun to build and very colorful . it was well priced .
old puffer pete for chuggington is exactly as shown in picture . it was exactly what we wanted . the price was great . shipping was on time .
i have the large play set with everything included , but found the boys arguing over who got the skillet ! now , there won't be anymore of that :)
this sabretooth statue , is very nice and menacing . a great pick up for the wolverine and sabretooth admirers out there .
nice well made game . this reminds of the game when i was a kid . i am sure my daughter and her family will really enjoy this .
these were available for $ 5.99 for a period and are well worth that if you are into the monster jam trucks .
love this puzzles as this is easy for a child to pick up , teaches colors , shapes , and fruits . great for little people to handle .
my girls are obsessed with the books and this made the perfect gift for them . simple and easy to play .
i purchased this for my grandson for easter . it is really adorable just like he other reviewers said . one of the softest bunnies i have ever seen .
bought this for my 6 year old . it was okay when she got it but lost interest in it really quick .
item arrived in good order and in great time so i was very pleased . it was a christmas gift for my husband and he was thrilled .
vert cute ! i can't rate it as it is going to be a gift . it looks nice & i'm sure my granddaughter will love it !
awesome ! ! ! this one is great in detail , and , when you pull the gas mask off , it gets better ! !
great detail . bought two for two dinosaur crazed young boys and they were very pleased . nice stocking stuffer for kids .
the kids love the farm train , the animals are great and move in and out of the train nice and easy .
great learning tool and fun for my 5 and 8 year old . we know where disney is and grandma's state and many others ...
i got these to use as extra dice with some of my other sets and they are basic dice . one complete set and i am happy with my purchase
highly recommend this game . i have a five year old and he loves it . can play this game all by himself without any help from me .
bought for my grandsons first birthday , he loves them . bought a lot of vetch smart wheels he plays with all almost everyday
sometimes i was just buying the mh dolls to make my collection larger.that had to stop.now i only buy the dolls i like.much better !
it shoots and shoots well , im not anerf fanatic so im happy , i read a lot of reiews on this for some reason
these are very cute boots and well made . i would wear them myself . lol sarah's doll is better dressed than grandma !
this truck is not worth getting . look at it at a store before buying online as it is hard to tell if you would like it .
very durable toy , for chasing around and transporting toys . however , not easy to store and the wheel " clicker " is really loud .
i gave this as a gift to some cousins . they are 6 and 8 . they immediately opened it and we all got engaged in this game quickly !
he's a little funny looking since he's plush but its still very cute and my daughter loved it when she got it as a birthday gift .
my granson and grandaughter had alot of fun building this log cabin . they told me they would rate this a 5 !
my son loves thomas the train , and he really likes having toby as well . it's plastic , but sturdy . no complaints !
perfect set for the living room of loving family dollhouse . the lighted end table even plays music . my 4 year old niece was thrilled with this set .
this is a christmas present and my daughter is going to love it . she has some mario characters already and wanted this one too .
i use this in my special ed class for my adhd kids . they love it . i love to play with it also . it's addicting .
this was a gift for grand kids and was added to a massive box of legos that are great fund and aids in fine motor skill development .
this is such a fun toy ! all age children have loved riding it . great quality and very sturdy . my grandson loves it !
very good toy , must buy for the babies less then 18 month old . great sound quality , also great colors , very durable . only positive emotions !
love these ag like clothes . my daughter loved receiving it from the easter bunny ! made very well and looks cute on ag doll .
ordered these for my daughter's 80 ' s themed birthday party . made a great addition to the girl's costumes ! also made a great take home gift !
fun game for groups . some players didn't care for it , but overall a decent game . hasn't been a " go to " game for us .
great purchase for my 2.5 year old son . he plays with these tools and his play dough for hours . great for fine motor skills .
this is a fun expansion to a game i already quite enjoy . adds a little more variety to the cards .
these kept my son busy on a plane ride and now he still loves them . cute and they fit his little 2.5 year old fingers
i like this - but if you're only going to get one melissa and doug food set - go for one of the cutting food sets !
my niece flipped out when she received this - it's so different . the graphics are adorable . super for a minion or dm fan
if you have a thomas fan , this would be a great game for them ! very colorful and easy to play memory game .
it was a better price then any in the store and the combination of sizes is perfect . it is a good buy and worth it .
this car is super cute and also came in a cardboard box with city background which we will be keeping as well .
anything to do with thomas the tank engine is a real pleaser and lasts through multiple children .
replace the factory syma x1 battery with this pair and you will instantly make your x1 4 times as fun !
my 3 1/2 year old grandson is able to use the pen and loves the book . we had to read it over and over .
bought as a gift ! ! looks pretty durable . probably not meant as a toy though.good gift for anyone who loves peanuts.also bought with snoopy and charlie brown .
my family has always played yahtzee so i bought this version . it's a little different but not much and a whole lot less to keep up with !
if you're tired of the same old smegma jokes from the original game , you need this . new choices to draw are always a plus .
who would not like a set of giant googly eyes that stick to just about anything you can possibly think of .
i love how i dont have to fear my daughter coloring all of everything anymore . these markers are definitely a big relief for me !
i get this doll after my daughter fall for the movie . she love it and for the price is great buy .
another great addition to my walking dead collection ! specially love this guy from the first season , looks great , cant wait to get more !
2 and 3 year old cousins love these toys . they play very well with them together and they are very durable .
my daughter loves this game and i love that it is teacher her another language as well as patterns and differences !
our 3 year old grandson is crazy about construction vehicles . we purchased this and other construction like vehicles for his birthday . he was beside himself with joy .
i took this on a ladies weekend . it was a blast . so fun ! we wanted to play again and again !
very good quality and just the right size for a 4 an 6 year old to use in the car on long trips .
prosthick paper sheetsexcellent quality of stickersgenerous amount of stickersconssticker could be made easier for two year olds to pull offoverall 5 stars
we loved this ! my 2 almost 3 year old and i have a great time playing with this . i highly recommend it for cars fans !
twilight sparkle has wings ! but why is she so long and tall and fancier now ? she lost her cute edge and became a diva like celestia .
i bought this for my grandson for christmas and he really likes to go to sleep with the light shining through this cuddly pet .
great size and true to picture ! we will collect them all ! my 1 yr old can carry him around quite well .
we love the gorilla with her baby . sweet and adorable . a great addition to our 2 - year-old's collection of schleich animals !
birthday present . she asked for it . now she has what her friends have and they can all play together with the dolls .
better quality than i expected for the money . my 4 year old loves to watch it and actually cheers for the sand to become mountains .
some are cheap made . cant play rough with them . tires break easy . not very durable . not wort the money they want .
my son loves legos and who wouldn't love a fire truck ? he was able to put it together all by himself following the easy to follow directions !
our four year old granddaughter loves doing crafts with her mom , so i'm sure she will have fun with the beads .
this plush is great , but isn't soft & has no sound . it's great , though ! ! ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
this is a fun game and with the untied states version , a great way to learn a little geography of the country . it's good for different ages .
work great ! the elastics are the correct size for the latest looming craze . colorful and only a couple were broken in the package . worth the purchase
thought it would be great kids gift so messy with the water and the fish swims for such a short while before he qquits probably wouldn't buy again
this was my five year old's first lego set . he was able to do it all on his own and loved the cat that it included !
arrived in good shape , packaged well . grandkids enjoyed it . elf on a shelf was very popular in our area so this seemed like a good purchase .
added this to my granddaughter's collection . she loves the monster high dolls . received it sooner than predicted . packaged very well .
i bought two of these ... one for each of my grandsons and they love pretending to be " daddy's little helper " .. they especially love the hammer
we take this one everywhere with us . i am not sure if my daughter or my husband likes it the best .
great present for our grandson , he loves playing with it , especially when the balls start popping up . d ball
great game for 3-7 year olds . it's a cooperative game , so you work together instead of competing , which is a nice change .
my kids love play with tthis ! ! they are 4 and 1 years old .
my 12 year old daughter loved it . good mix of items . she pulled some of the beads out and used them in necklaces with her beading tools .
this is a great kit . great price for a bunch of really cool figures and little shippy-like thing . great buy
you can never have too many dinosaur skeletons for my 5 year old grandson . this is a great value and a big hit !
four year old gift ! she loved decorating the front and back of this . good hour of fun and now she does use it to look at herself .
my 4 and 6 year old boys love these figures , and they seem to be pretty good quality as well .
the best of the dark of the moon figures is this shockwave it feels solid and durable in your hands when you transform it and the colors are sharp .
the actual fort construction is a little complicated ( even for me ) . i am a very mechanical - adult . other than that though , very cool .
excellent package for the price of legos , brings many blocks of different colors and their quality is always excellent , is better in lego blocks . recommended
my daughter and son love these ! simple toys like this really allow their imagination to grow . great set of toys !
they cute balloons the kids had fun with them and made a pretty decor to the party room . good keepsake
we play with this all the time . it has started some new words . i love it and my granddaughter does too .
sturdy . great toy for a 22 month old ! my grandson loves cars and this is something you don't have to worry too much about them choking on .
but waaaay too expensive . does lego really have to charge this much ? my grandson collects harry potter things but i won't be back for the lego stuff .
great for the little people princess castle and other little people items . my daughter loves these dogs . would recommend this product .
another great product from fisher-price that doesn't require batteries or the use of the internet ! three cheers for creative play !
can't beat a triple changer , like the newer look and details of the generation series . nice to bring back an oldy for an update .
fast charging . easy access and very useful . charged the way it was suppose to be . great charger . light weight . great .
my 4 year old loves this game . she plays regularly and has a great time .
great present for the grandsons . they love building castles in their sandbox.they seem sturdy . will be a great item to take to the beach as well .
this product was a great buy for my daughters pirate and mermaid party ! good quality for the cheap price and came within the two day delivery i requested !
this dress looked nice when we received it , but when barbie wore it , it looked wonderful , the gold sequins made it appear very pretty
this little airplane has been flying all over the house since it came in the mail ... my little guy loves it !
doesn't really add enough twists and turns for the game . some of the cards are pretty ambiguous and difficult to make work with the rest of the game .
my grandson is so happy with them ... his daddy brought him 6 sets of the wall track - - so much fun for him
i gave this as a gift to a friend of my daughter's . he really likes it and enjoys playing with it .
kiddo knew immediately what this was when she opened it so it is a great replica ! love that it comes with extra paper !
its looks same appears like the diseny movie , and finally my daughter has a complete colection of disney's fairies , and she's happy
my grand princess absolutely adores the monster high doll series ! i have lost count of all of them that she owns !
we have grandchildren from 6 to 10 and all 3 enjoyed playing this on a recent trip . each can play at their own level .
this is a fun toy story set , and i have always found fisher price toys to bed very durable . it has definitely kept my twins entertained .
i grabbed two of these up for my nephew's b-day and he loved them , they are his absolute favorite toy to have .
it's a stuffed animal that makes noise , what more is there to say . it's cute ? it's about 5 " tall . it's green ?
my two year old paints on ... everything . i have had not problem getting this off of him , the carpet , tile , and the walls .
my older son loves sponge bob ! this was a christmas gift and he has played it everyday for christmas vacation !
had to have this one because he is know as the strongest engine and also because i have a son named gordon !
the movie made vampires come back and my son's new hero's are vampires . he wanted these dolls to play with and it is exactly what he wanted .
perfect game to keep children entertain during a long drive . we had for our drive from ct to nc and the kid loved it . very good quality .
my 5 year old daughter loves it . i do to , except for the packaging . cute toy and we got a great deal .
this little set has been a great addition to the castle with the other pieces that go with it . recommend you also buy the castle with them ..
great for riding in the car when the game needs to be charged and you don't have extra batteries handy
i got this for my grand daughter for her 1st birthday .. she likes things that talk and sing .. she will love this
great game to play together if you just don't know what to say . casual questions get the conversation going and it's fun for everyone .
my little girl plays this game alot and even gets the family in on the fun of solving these riddles and problems .
the toy was real nice . i felt it was a bit over priced . my grandson loves the book and the toy .
i love the durabilty of this food and the looks of it ! great play food ! ! not junky like some of the plastic sets .
it is a heart and an amazing family game kids & adult alike , it is educational and is highly recommend
super cheap addition to the treat boxes i had for my sons bday party :) easy to put on , nice color
my son loves baths and hotwheels , put them together and he's in love ! my son is three and loves this .
this is a very excellent replica of clint barton aka hawkeye , as portrayed by jeremy renner in " the avengers " in 2012 .
nice set . the " turbo " sticker makes this set very nice . would be cool if the fig would fit in it !
exactly as described . my daughter is a huge m . h . fan and would have me buy every single m . h . item if possible ...
draculaura is so adorable . i love her style and character so much . it is always interesting to collect her along with her friends .
there is no volume control on this but my daughter still seems to enjoy the lights and sounds . my husband was more disappointed about the quietness .
this was a gift so i'm not sure what it was like . sorry . it looked great when i ordered it .
our grandson just loved this particular dimetrodon ! the details on this particular one is incredible and well worth the price . i would highly recommend !
yo gabba gabba is a favorite of our grandson - and the yo gabba gabba bath time fun bath buddies are now a permanent fixture in the family bathtub .
these critters are awesome ! we ordered a few for each child so there would be much more fun and none of the fighting which accompanies an awesome toy !
well made and durable but not very " cuddly " and it was pricey . get it if you like but don't expect it to be your child's favorite .
we have enjoy this so much ... ages 11-44 my 16 yr old son and 22 year old son have both spent hours on this
this game is mostly played by us adults ! the timer adds a lot of fun to the standard uno game . our kids love it too .
my daughters 3.5 and 5.5 years old both like to play this game although the youngest has a hard time without some help . sturdy and cute .
i got this for my grandson for christmas and he just loved it . unfortunately , so did his cousin , so the fight was on .
good quality basketball . the skin uses good quality material and feels good in hands .
this was a gift to a young boy . he has many lego's . he has enjoyed building and playing with this set .
the item has great detail and is very life like from the video game and the costume is amazing as well .
this is a fun game for those who like strategy & puzzles . my ten year old nephew plays it really well . it is not just for adults .
this is a great game for the leappad and from what i've seen has good educational value as well . i am pleased with the purchase !
it is exactly what she wanted as one of her birthday gifts and fits in with her other dolls in her collection .
my 6 year old son enjoys pretending with this large assortment of weapons . he has even switched them around with some of his other toys .
my 8 year old has this and it's great for short trips along with being educational . his learning skills in all aspects are better .
product arrived on time and as described . trouble , disguised as hello kitty , easily keeps my 5 year old daughter entertained for a few games .
i always buy melissa and doug wenever possible as i am rarely ever disappointed . the packaged arrived on time and as explained .
this was another purchase for our daughters collection of webkinz . this i gave to her for valentine's day and she was thrilled .
great buy , awesome stocking stuffer for the kids , exactly as described and came on time . will use this vendor again !
chilly is my childs favorite character on the show and this little guy is very cute . well made and just the right size .
girlfriend bought this as a gift for her far away relative . i have no comment or feedback on the product .
they are so bright and colorful ! they are perfect for our 4 year old's princess party . glad i ordered them .
keeps my daughter engaged . teachings are alot klike the show but hands on of course . she loves it and is learning :-)
my niece loved this so much , she immediately opened it up and wanted to start making her design . it was the favorite of all her gifts !
actually he ain't that husky but he is one very cute husky ! get him today and your world will be dogified !
son loved it , as described and well made . son plays with him daily along with all his other mario plush dolls
i don't know what i expected from this product , but it doesn't deliver anything . it's too small to manipulate , even for children's small fingers .
arrived in great condition , and the birthday princess put it on immediately . for the price , i am super pleasantly surprised at the great quality !
my son loved playing with this set at the train display in the store . it was a " must have " for any thomas wooden train set !
this is a nice recorder . it is well made . the recorder has a nice sound . it's a good beginner instrument .
we bought this as a gift for a 4 year old . when it arrived , my children both asked if they could have one . very cool .
my 2 year old grandson really loves this farm , it was a good buy , very sturdy made , sounds the animals make are cute .
if you love simple crafts or you have grandchildren you must have one of these . low cost easy craft !
i got this for my niece for christmas and she loves brave , and she fell in love with this gift when she got . it .
lots of great bricks ! my 2.5 year old loves building from these . she makes huge skyscrapers that we all adore :)
this is a gift for my middle grandson , which i know he will enjoy , talk about someone having lego's , this boy does . r . w .
who doesn't like legos ? this set compliments all the other legos this child has collected through out the years . hours of fun and imagination .
the all clothing looks to be made well and are what i expected for an 18 inch doll , very cute . thanks you
this was one of the items i sent to a day care that was destroyed by the moore , ok tornado . i'm sure the children have enjoyed it .
this is a pretty cool remote control truck . our kids have owned many and this one is well made . happy !
the title says it all . i have been buying webkins for 5 children and amsurprised that they all still want them - even the 10 year olds .
super cute - my 2 yo daughter loves this minnie mouse , and it is a great price for being as big as it is .
very small , looks cheap ... now i know why it was on sale ... . . . . . . . . .
love the way it teaches the colors and shapes with songs and of course the cute voice . grandson hasn't put it down since he opened it ! !
a nice little set for kids who cannot put together the hard legos yet . i put it together for my nephew within 10 minutes and he loves it .
this was a gift for my grandson , he was very specific about what he wanted and this one was just the one
this was a gift for a 10yr old boy . he loves hex bugs and this one is different than the others they have in stores .
plan toys once again have produced a fabulous product . highly recommend . it is flexible so can be moved easily with little hands . is quite small though .
we have this set up in basement with play camp stove . our toddler loves it . wish there were more play camping accessories to go with it
toddlers love this gift to make sandwiches . easy to keep in the box later and fun for kids to play .
the perfect accompaniment to the happy sounds home . they are the perfect shape for little hands . great gift idea for those little ones in your life .
my granddaughter loved this set ! really encourages imaginative play . all the sets for the playhouse are adorable . i also ordered the bathroom set .
you have played the original no you have decided you are an awful person or you know an awful person well you need this .
a terrific night light . my son and daughter have used them for several years and we bought an extra set for grandma's house .
cheap . you get what you pay for ! all the happy birthday tags around the bottles came off . some didn't even have a tag at all .
pretty cute little fridge magnets . really hope they don't contain any lead paint since my kid likes to chew on them .
i choose 1 star because this paper is worthless . your better off buying a few sheets of 8x11 sheets of paper . save your money ! ! !
like most hot wheels sets , this one is junk too . this one worse than most ! the kids love them though !
works great in between charging the battery . my grandson loves to play with his leap pad and is learning a lot with it .
one of our favorite lego sets ! ! we actually use this with our lord of the rings sets as one of the eagles .
a great addition to the game . would like to see less blank cards though . i'm paying for someone elses obscene words not mine .
i bought this for my 5 year old son . he loves it . it came on time and was packaged well . thank you so much !
my little girl loves this thing it helps that it's hello kitty too ! fun way to start teaching the basic counting skills
very cool accent in most and all looming projects . would recommend to all.the smell goes away after a few hours .
this is a great assortment of watercolors . better than the usual little pack that you get . the case is nice as well .
my daughter loves to play dr and this is the perfect set . the carry bag seems a little cheap but holds all the pieces nicely .
my daughter is 8 and loves animals . she loves to learn about them . this is a good product and will help a child learn about animals .
my child loved this item even at three he still tries to play with itmade very well no complaints
my son ( and husband ) love this nerf gun , as well as the rampage blaster and battle all the time . nerf always delivers !
the product was damaged prior to them filling the order and it was the last one in stock , so they reimbursed me very quickly . no complaints .
it was fun but a bit hard for the child to hold . if it tips downward the liquid runs out .
this is a nice way to keep a 5 yr old busy . they can make their own cards and give to family and friends .
all of the pieces are smaller than expected . good size for a young toddler i suppose but it was too " babyish " for my 3 year old .
my girls love this cake . it stays together well and they play with it a lot . we'll see how long they keep all the pieces together .
i thought i was just getting a great model of a beautiful vessel . but the lights and sounds were unexpected.yay !
grandson has so many of them now i doint even remember all of them he has to play with now
this big bird toy is adorable . looks very similar to the tv character . it is also extremely stuff and cuddly .
it is good but not great . the body parts have a hard time to stay in the body which can be frustrating for a 3 year old .
my grandson slept with cranky the first night . hours and hours of fun play . will pick up any engine . no complaints !
they love the : scratch stuff " . this is just something different and they loved it ! this is a great smaller christma present .
little girls love to pretend to cook ! this cookware set will be a perfect addition to the kitchen set i purchased for christmas ! they will have fun !
gave it as a gift , and i'm sure it just went into the ' pile ' after the first construction per the directions . purple monkey dishwasher .
the product description is inaccurate . the dimensions listed are measuring the packaging not the pony . this is a small pony and way overpriced .
tiny little chintzy material omg i did this for my daughter but i should have saved my money and put it in her college fund .
i got this as a fifth ninjago for the set , exactly as pictured , kids were happy , i am happy . would buy from this seller again .
this is wonderful . just the right size and my granddaughter loves it . she picks it up , presses the button and just starts her conversation . great fun
we waited awhile for this to come out . the key thing is that its portable ! my son can take this to a friends ' house !
great smock , prevents clothes from getting wet / dirty . cute colors , good fit and easy to clean up . i would recommend it .
this set contains some of the most popular characters in the my little pony show . the set is cute and great for young girls .
i like mp - 10 better because a lot smaller and prefect by most people like the youtube reviewer baltmatirx so get mp - 10 .
this dish set is a nice quality ... nice size ... not too small and thin . matches great with the kid kraft kitchen !
this is very easy for my 3 year old son to transform by himself . for a toddler toy it is very durable .
this one was fine , nice hair bright colors , feels well made for the price . its a stuffed toy , not a precision tool .
just a cheap plastic game board , but still a lot of fun . it's aged at 5 , but my 3 year old plays too and loves it
great night light while it lasted ( about a year ) . after that , the led died and so did the moon . tood bad .
this is a great way to pass the time in the car . the kids love it ! will get more as gifts .
just wish the top would fasten so if she drops it all the toys don't fall out . top is hard to put on .
there are 12 decorations total in the package . they were easy to hang and the kids thought they were cool .
the pieces have a lot of realism . the cupcake is a little generic but the rest are great . bacon is soft and flexible like real bacon .
i bought this for my 5 year old daughter for christmas . it was very easy for her to do herself . she loved this craft .
havent has to use these parts yet , but its nice to know we have them for when we need them
easy to out together and take apart.the 200 piece are great to do as a family with my 4 and 6 year olds.only brand to own .
it is ok , i wish that the ends would line up better . the ends are hard to line up with some of the other pieces .
got each of our grandkids one . they had a fun time with them , as did their parents when they were young . just what we expected .
this animal was quite realistic as to be recognizable specifically as a cheetah and cuddly , too . it was just the right size for a 4 year old .
i didn't see anyone actually play this came . the children were very excited to receive this game however . all enjoyed .
we used this one on my son's birthday party as a part of fun activity for kids . it was good ! good product for us .
smells just like my childhood . my kids like them . i like to remember using them as a kid . they do the job just fine .
love-love-love gigi ! she's adorable . her sculpting is off the charts . cool hairstyle , awesome outfit . this is a must have character for any mh collector .
excellent addition to our collection and very fun to play . if you like ticket to ride you gotta have this expansion .
the squinkies are really funny , my kids love them and collect them in different topic . they like them because of the size
i love this expansion . not only does it add another set of meoples , but more ways to troll and win !
she will be using it in the future . a little too early yet .
bought for my grandson who loves trains . this train whistle sounds so real you would think there was a train nearby . good quality and worth the price .
okay as long as you have small and light party favors . good size bag but they're not lasting long . ok .
great tunnel for the price . it gets the job done and looks good . it is plenty sturdy too
sturdy and pretty . like the little toy chest and how it clicks closed . very adorablefor little girls to enjoy
i bought this for my granddaughter because she loves to hide stuff . she has now hidden her medicine in it so she wont have to take it .
got this for grandaughter . she loves it .. doesnt put it down . a + this is second one i purhased and still is an instant success .
my doll looks like a doll in her new clothes . i just need the summer sun to make her look better .
purchased for my granddaughter as a birthday gift . she loves to mold the stuff and the feel of this product .
nice weight and very clear . put them in a binder with a few pokemon cards and had a great birthday present . came on time in good packaging .
i like that he transforms into a motorcycle . rolls quite well . fun to play with . a little hard . to transform into motorcycle would recommend him .
much more fun then the old cobblers wooden peg benchs.love the balls and the rolling action plus toddler gets to pound with a hammer.great fun .
bought for my grandson to play in the sand , but he uses them with clay and even in the bath tube . good for little kids .
quality melissa and doug puzzle . sturdy construction . great , clear graphics . brilliant colors are true to the illustration and product description .
i bought a few of these because they were on sale and i wanted to build my iron man chess set with these figures as the pawns !
our sweet great grandson loved this toy and plays with it all of the time . he laughts and bounces up and down
just like the old school game i had as a child . this is for my 4 yr old daughter who loves to play doctor .
my granddaughter was ecstatic with this threesome . quality at a moderately fair price . well made - will survive the on / off play
georgus details . very movable . perfect doll for a child if they have a cleo doll too . totally luv it ! ! ! a must buy !
we got a great deal on these just before christmas . love this product . both girls have fun playing with their barbies in this carriage !
flimsy little pen . just bought to add to my daughters collection of monster high dolls .
i love abbey ! her music festival is so cute , such long hair and an adorable outfit ! she came well packaged with no defects .
works well to fold cards and envelopes . very easy and straightforward to use . does not require much room to store .
my daughter pretends that the blue plates are water , and the green plates are land . it makes for some fun imaginative play with legos .
then be sure to get this ammo pack too . really , it's surprising how fast these little guys can get lost .
i have these on hand and charged up but haven't have to use it yet . seems to last good . ronnie
this birdhouse is easy to put together and decorate , and was a perfect project for my three year old daughter .
grandson loves batman so it was a win for me . product seems to be made pretty good so i think they will last for his childhood .
looks like it has everything i'll need to fix my broken v911.will let you know after i try to fix my v911 if it was successful .
very cute way to show my love for the show i purchase one a month so i will soon have the whole series
really cute ! goes great with little kidkraft kitchen i also ordered on amazon . very sturdy thick cardboard , cute lids ! grand kids love them .
jasmine has 3-4 different sentences which includes singing a small segment of a whole new world ... very sweet . aladdin plays main music only - nothing special .
great gift , my granddaughter loves this rex so much that she takes it to bed with her . she was very excited when she opened on christmas day .
nice and big and if the bulbs break they are just normal bulbs . love it in my kids room and they love the flashing lights . recommend
i have been using these bears to teach my daughter her colors . they work great and we have lots of fun playing with them .
my kiddo loves it especially since it is mickey mouse . can go for hours playing with all the games . bag is good
my 18m old loved his truck ! he is too small to drive it but his older brother helps him with it .
pretty sturdy , very good price . it is four months after christmas and it has not fallen apart . 7 year old grandson loved the gift .
i loved these elfs so much i ordered another set i have them hanging all over , in the tree on the walls everywhere .
this is really well made , and very adorable . it makes me much more likely to want to have a tea party .
very funny gift . it was a big hit . the only problem is that the voice is a little muffled . otherwise , good .
he can't manage the tools yet , but is getting the hang of it . great toy for learning and strengthening their hands and arms .
this is a pretty toy for kids with great benefit of reading to the child . she loves ponies so it was perfect for her .
i bought this for my 3 and 1 yr old daughters for christmas . they like it a lot good buy !
this puzzle was worked by my 3 yr old grandchild . she had a little help . the large size got her excited when the puzzle was finished .
children adore this colorful , user-friendly airplane made out recycled plastic milk jugs ! adults love it , too . planning to buy more of these sturdy toys .
my son loves every day he play with this toy all the time ! great product , learning and funny toy.tks
my grandchild loved this lego . but of course what child wouldn't . i can't think of a better gift . i highly reccommend .
this is a good sturdy swing . my small toddler sits comfortably in it and has no problems with it . she loves to play with the buckle .
great gift for little girls keeps them busy , does have a lot of little pieces ! buy for any little girls ! !
i bought these for my cats to play with . they like them enough so i guess they do what they were intended to do .
was used for a walking dead zombie cake . worked well and now hubby has them displayed beside his bed . excellent product good quality .
this was a christmas gift for our niece . she asked for this for christmas . she really liked it . good pick .
i bought this to go with my niece's innotab . it fits perfectly and works fine ... what else is there to say ? lol .
bought for a birthday present . received a lovely thank you note , so i would say it was a big hit .
this chalk eraser is great we purchased it for the grandson for christmas , melissa & doug make top quality toys that are made to last for years !
this is a surprisingly functional game for the whole family . my kids love it and we play again and again . i recommend buying it !
my granddaughter loved it ! it fit well and makes the doll look like she's ready to go to a white house gala affair .
my almost 3 year old daughter loves this toy . it is also a favorite of play dates and two kids are able to play with it together .
these paintbrushes are lightweight and have a chunky handle so they are perfect for tiny hands to manage . my 22 month old loves using them to paint !
great charm selection . we will buy more when we run out . my daughter liked the variety , but i do wish i could have chosen the charms .
my son loves this toy ! he likes the bad guys ! he has all the ninja turtles too though and plays with them all the time !
item arrived quickly , my 13 and 10 yr old grandsons loved itwould recommend for kids 10 + . box rates at 14 +
grandson , 7 , built this city fire station all by himself and did a great job . he enjoyed seeing its progress .
after blowing it up , it was smaller than expected . it also was coated in some oil or grease . very gross ! definitely would not buy again .
i bought this for my 4 year old son and he loves this game . we just opened it today & he wanted to play 4 times !
gift for my 6 year old niece . she now has a place to put all her inno tablet . she loves it !
i am having quite a bit of fun with this . a tad bit more difficult to operate at first but with practice it gets easier .
this was a birthday gift for my grandson . it is what he wanted and he couldn't be happier ! can't wait for next year !
this is a great gift for any little lego lover . my 6 year old grandson was able to assemble it by himself and he loves it .
this was an item purchased as a gift for one of our sons , and he seems to be pleased with it .
love this collector doll ! ! we've never been into barbies , but katniss is just perfect ! ! not much else to say ! we love her .
my granddaughter has several sets of these lacing beads and she loves them . they are colorful , safe and provide many hours of play .
i love all products by melissa & doug . i will forever buy their products ! they work and top notch quality !
this doll outfit is really darling ! well made , pretty , soft & old fashioned . i am so excited for my granddaughter to see it at christmas .
great colors , excellent sizes for little hands to control and throw while playing the bean bag game . perfect party game
my 1.5 year old can do this all by herself and uses it multiple times a day even after having it 2 months .
it's play-doh what else can i say . it is a gift for a future birthday so i imagine it will be well received by the recipient .
my kids really enjoyed this craft - they had a blast putting it together and it works nicely for a jewelry box .
these were well liked for party favors because they can be useful since you are drinking out of them for all ages
i bought these for my grand daughter and my great niece to color in on christmas eve.they loved them .
bought this for my grandson . he wanted a pull toy so we just put a ribbon around the trains neck and he can pull it everywhere !
my son loves it . very cute . link does have a shield on his back , if you can't tell from the picture .
i only wish the chain were a few links longer . but otherwise seems durable enough for a 6 year old .
this works with my legos and doesn't break as easily as my other ones do.works well with holding my legos in place while building
this was purchased for my great grandson who likes stragity games . it is for christmas but it is something he asked for .
great kid's tool set for young kids ! perfect size for little hands and no small pieces ! pager actually makes noise
perfect game for families with young children . easy instructions , loads of interaction and great teachable moments will present themselves allowing for fun for the entire family .
my daughter loves this little monster . great quality and very huggable ! very pretty colors too . i would highly recommend for any webkinz lover .
love leapfrog products . this workbook has helped my son learn how to write numbers . it also has helped him with pronunciation of the words .
fabulous little snack set ... food is sturdy , very realistic looking and true to size . great value for the price and came quickly !
these are your basic duplo legos ... what more can i say ! they're great ! : ) classic !
we have been purchasing bandai power rangers since my son was 3 , he is now 14 and still collects . they are always durable quality action figures .
when my 7 year old grandson opened this for christmas he got so excited . he really likes legos and this was great .
in this day and age , every toddler wants a cell phone . this one does well with distracting my young niece from our $ 300 + phones .
this game is coming to ps4 , so i would wait . plus it is horrible on xbox . i heard it runs great on pc and ps4 .
recipient of gift loved it ! she loves dolls and this one was special for my little " special " downs syndrome niece !
it fits my 2 yo and protects her clothing well . can't complain . easy on and off even for my 2 yo
bought for 10y / o step son who loves minecraft . he loved this lego set and that it contained 2 characters to play with !
my grandson wanted this for christmas . it came quickly , and he loved it . this is a great way to shop
we love ravensburger puzzles . they are high quality and very durable . the color quality is excellent too . i would recommend this puzzle to anyone .
this is a christmas gift it is plastic and i expected more but it will work for boys playing and x mas
my children used to get these puzzles when they were little.now i am buying them for the neighbors son who is four and for my grandchildren .
this drone is very fun and super duarable . its very easy to use and the kids love it . i definetly recommend it !
i thought this musketeer was pretty cute but i have not given him away yet . hopefully when he gets to his new home he will be loved !
these did not work for very long , even with keeping the lids on tight . disappointed . the colors weren't very ' startling ' either .
love this matching game - great for my little granddaughters and their parent to play together ! cute - cute - cute
this doll is very relastic . it crys , coos , pretends to suck , both my daughers love there baby chou chou dolls .
this is the most adorable thing for little girls to play with , kids love this and learn from her to . very cute and would re-order again .
my niece and nephews love the marble run and have endless fun creating new designs ! great toy for indoor play :-)
my grandson loves these he sits and watches the videos and plays with the little guy .. very cute for the price
this is a great toy for my nephew for his birthday . i am glad i ordered it and wish you had more like this at these kind of prices
the playskool alphie is great for any kid to play with your kid willlots of fun and learn lots of stuff .
totally recommend and love buying this type item for our toddler to use . as a grandparent i will contiunue to buy and behappy with these wonder books !
i play with the same group of friends on saturday nights .. we all found this game to be very enjoyable .
this game is adorable , pieces are well made and board is of good quality ... just love the storage tin it came in !
great little football for young hands . my grandson is thrilled with this football . lots of fun for budding football players !
this is a great toy for little ones . the colors are so colorful and babies love them .
she wanted to do magic so i got her 2 different kits some tricks she can do otherswill take more time to learn but well worth the money .
my 10 - yr-old nephew like the catapult , but find it a little too small for more fun . built quality is good .
many rich and can play well.well my son is playing with my brother sharesatisfactory is a good product .
i bought this for my son for birthday . he doesn't know yet but sure he will love it . he loves thomas the train .
it is great the kids got it for christmas and they love it . easy for them to handle nice size pieces .
there are so many bracelets that i would recommend giving them to classmates for presents or in a birthday party bag after your child's birthday party .
we have a few of these to help with some big lego projects ... it makes building much easier for my little ones !
my 1 1/2 year old loves it . simple to assemble and easy to use . very entertaining with the loopdy loop and the spiral tracks .
kiddo loves it ! enchanting for him ... been using it almost daily . great buy ! will check out the other lf's stuff !
my son loves ninja turtles . we couldn't find this character and found it on here . discription was exactly what it said . thanks
my granddaughter loves playing for hours with these , cutting them or pulling them apart and putting them back together again .
this product is a must have for kids who are into the dora & diego series ... so cute for pretend play !
my daughter is very into the disney princesses and this is a great edition . plus it's great to have a doll that can stay standing on its own !
brother enjoyed playing with his son . perfect for the two of them as is travel size to take on trips .
my 2 year old daughter loves it , this is a really smart idea , puzzle incorporated with a game to teach fish and patients .
exactly what she wanted now we can play at night , fits great , battery works good , i recommended this product
the remake / rerelease is just amazing , bringing the price back down to 21-25 rather then in the 100 + . the packaging design art is great
very easy game to play . our 5 y / o has a ball playing it . no complaints . her older brothers will even play with her .
great model to start / continue on castle series ... dragons are back ! basic set with catapult , tower , dragons and soldiers :) check it out :)
great for indoor play ! ! good for camping next summer . great for one or two players-even the 2 yr old had fun !
my mh obsessed daughter got a couple of the scaris dolls for christmas . the scaris dolls are absolutely adorable . they look classy for monsters !
this is a great stacker . love that it is green and made in the usa too ! baby loves playing with it .
melissa and doug toys never disappoint ! this train set isn't too complex for little ones and has such great sustainability .
the batteries are definitely worth the price . they are watch batteries , so you can use them for other things . good buy
this truck is very well made and will last a long time . the young boy that received this as a gift started playing with it immediately .
good condition , as advertised , sweet black / grey smokey and translucent look . this dice set was perfect for my pathfinder rpg games on the weekends .
my daughter loves playing with this tunnel ! the caterpillar face at the end is removable . our dog also likes to crawl through it .
my daughter is a rainbow loom fanatic and makes several bracelets a day . this add-on pack was a much needed tool in her treasure chest of bands .
bought this for our granddaughter . she loves it . has been learning her colors with it . just taking turns is her challenge at the moment .
great kitchen for growing grandkids . we have 4 yr old and 1 year old and kitchen will grow with them
its cute . we adore melissa & doug products ! but in this case we preferred the real pink magnifying glass we bought our lil girl !
we were very happy with this toy . my daughter got it for her first birthday and has played with it so many times .
i bought this for my 3 grandchildren , and they've played with it in and out of the pool . would recommend
this play food set is outstanding in quality and worth paying a little extra for . it will last forever and looks very life-like . definitely recommended !
my kids love playing this game . they are 8 , 6 , and 4 and they can all participate and help each other out .
these are cute and small and perfect for my 3 year old . she loves bubble guppies and enjoys these in the tub .
this is a great doll house ! nice wooden furniture included . great bright colors on the walls . furniture is well painted .
a much faster game play than the original . great a quick catan fix with friends and family . little setup but maintains the spirit of the larger game .
i bought these as a stocking stuffer . i doubt they will last for the year as they are very very light plastic and feel very cheap .
but again - - this is a christmas gift and so it hasn't been used by the children in question yet .
cute skirt for your elf on the shelf - expensive but worth it for surprising your kids with the new elf dress :)
great for traveling . age appropriate . hours of fun for children of age appropriateness . colorful and sturdy . easy for little hands
grandson enjoys playing with these type of toys , loves transformers , the toy is not cheaply made , and he is planning on getting more .
christmas gifts for my boys ( ages 7 and 11 ) . they had a ball running around shooting each other . the adults did too !
simple , cheap and just really awesome . again , there is no reason why everyone shouldn't have one of these . they are that cool .
i bought these as cupcake toppers that the kids could keep and play with . they made the most adorable cupcakes and the kids really liked them
my 5 year old and i had fun mixing colors and growing crystals with this ! we loved it . i would recommend it !
i think it looks weird , like a skinned dog , lol . but the kids sleep with theirs everynight , and carry them around everywhere .
this game was around when i was young and it's still a blast to play . kids love the popper and the game is very easy to learn .
my 5 yr old loves them he played them to death and still uses them at least weekly .. one of his favorite toys
we purchased for our grand daughter for christmas . have not yet opened this toy . can't rate other than to say it seems to be great .
my girls are having a fun time playing " smoothie shop " with their friends and each other . they even take turns working shifts
this was a seceret santa gift after a co worker asked for a seceret santa gift for a stuffed animal name salomon he looked like a salomon to me .
i bought this toy ( dashi ) to complete my grandson's collection . he plays with them in the bath tub , car and he even sleeps with them !
my godson's love this puzzle . it's good for children . i have to order some more puzzles like this one . thank you .
great product , worked great ! handed these out for halloween to help keep the kiddos safe while they are out in the dark .
a tad cheap or flimsy feeling ( has a thin plastic underside ) but my school-bus-monster-truck loving nephew went crazy for it !
a great toy for the price . does not do much .. but it is well worth the 12 dollars for the fun my son gets from it . j
this is a birthday present for my nephews 1st birthday . hopefully it will teach him all kinds of new things .
my daughter's favorite dino is a t-rex , so she loved sliver . he is easy to switch from a dino to a car .
as expected and basedon what legos cost nowdays well worth the price.easy enough for a 7 year old to assemble with minimum help .
bought this gorgeous doll for my youngest granddaughter for christmas . she loves it so much . she plays with her almost ever day .
i am pretty sure these get more energy out of my kids that any other toy they have ! they love them ! ! !
this little number resides in our bathroom and have provided some much needed entertainment when ... you just need something else to do while sitting on the pot .
my kids love it and play with all the time . soft and of good quality ! more pricy if you buy it locally ..
baby loves this toy . it is very easy for him to hold and keeps him entertained . i would highly recommend .
differant way sorting peramid . if you tired of regular one this one is cute and have the same purpose plus it is teaches kids physics too .
my son saw this on a commercial and just had to have it . we are giving it to him for his birthday but it seems really nice .
my 9yr old loves her gift . it's soft , cute and easy to carry anywhere with her . she loves the bag mostly
it's nice and easy for my granddaughter to play with . she likes to flip it over and i'm glad that it's sturdy enough for her do that
these are really cute , varied colors and shapes . i think all the four year old little girls will love them . thanks !
i love every single melissa & doug i get ! they're solid , keeps them interested , great long term toys ! !
a little more difficult for a 3 yr old to operate than i had anticipated . perhaps should have waited til 4th birthday .
squirrel and concept of game is so cute , teaches a young one ( granddaughter just turned 3 ) to count , learn colors , take turns and share .
a child might like this because there's lots of ponies to play with , but it doesn't stand out in a collection at all .
so cute , great gift for child who already has food items or big kitchen , great price and came quick , and soooo cute in person
just what my granddaughters needed to add to their play kitchen . they are 3 and 5 and enjoy it very much .
funny gag gift . great for putting many items together for an over they hill party . worked perfect for my husband's surprise party
very nice quality ! the food came apart and went back together very well . it was fun to play with it . i would buy this again !
bought for 2 year old and he just loves it . he reads them over and over again . will definitely purchase more .
bought this 1yr ago for my daughters bday and it is still a staple in her playroom . well buildt and tough !
cute dinosaur themed rubber duckies . they'll work great for my daughters 3rd dinosaur birthday party and feed well into her rubber duck and dinosaur collections .
with out these you can't build those amazing lego cities you see on tv or in the living room . perfect ! ! !
not as good quality as i thought and it lasted only a short time . boys got bored . not worth the money !
my son and the dog love this ball . it rolls around for a long time , has lights , sounds and games ,
my grandson liked to play with this , but quickly lost interest because everything has to be sooo small to get it out or in .
my grandson loves this dream light ; it was a replacement for a different one that had just worn out with use and love .
my kiddo thinks that this is the best ! ! i think that it very well might be his favorite play thing ! !
it is fun as long as you have a flat surface to ride on . it doesn't go up hills .
my grandaughters love relaxing in the tub and so do mom and dad ! this keeps them occupied for a long time . drying bag is a good feature .
both my kids have this for their leap pad 2 . they love them and it's perfect for keeping the leap pad is good condition !
these little cookies are the perfect addition for the girls table and chairs and tea set . just love them . they are doll sized and look very real .
daughter received these with the purple robe and likes them very much . the have an elastic band to keep them on the dolls feet .
this is one of the funniest games for adults . kids have to go to bed . now i am writing to fill in space .
love this doll , perfect quality and extremely durable ! ! a must have for any twi-hard ! one of my faves in my collection !
nice colors and this disolve even better than the ones we use to buy from crayola . i would recommend them !
this is an x-mas gift for my son . so , it is not opened yet . it does seem to be a new quality leapster game .
the pillow pet zebra is adorable . it is very soft and it is very cute . he has a nice shape .
hedbanz is such a fun game for kids and adults alike . many can play and enjoy the challenge of figuring out what you are .
i'm not sure about this toy's educational value , but if you want a durable toy for a 4 year old boy , this one truly fits the bill !
worked great and really quickwe use this item on the green power wheels doom buggydon't throw the box away as it tells you what all the lights are for
i got this for a younger cousin and we both love playing with it ! works well and can be tons of fun for kids . easy to use .
a pretty good game . it is more for younger , pre-teen or even tween children.of course if you're good at it , it is fun at any age !
this was a present for my 4 year old best friend and it is really gorgeous doll , a real princess ! the quality looks good also
my grandson loved it and the fact that you can move it different ways . loves anything sonic ! of course it's small but great forpretend play !
these were small but very readable tiles . i was just using them as a practice aid with my granddaughter and she liked them fine .
my nephew loved his thomas and friends toys , everyday i see him he is still playing with them . i cant complain ! ! !
the tablecloth was as cute as advertised . would order again . the kids loved it . make sure to order two if your table is at all large .
my grandson loves the super soft feel of this little guy . just like a piece of a much loved blanket .
purchased for use as a bird deterent . very life like and arrived on time . good size also . good coloring . would purchase again .
i think the pieces could be thinner , they tend to stick and my 4 year old has bent a couple pieces , but he loves the picture it makes
i did not find this hexbug as fun as the nanobug . i bought it for my older nephews and they had more fun with the nano bug .
my 10 year old loves this gyroscope . it does cool tricks and it is very durable . he likes balancing this on a string .
great . great product and very enjoyable to use . as long as the battery last , i will be enjoying it . durable and easy to fly .
my 2yo daughter loves them . she plays with them every day . the colors are bright and they are well made .
video quality too poor broke in few weeks - slim good looking . video quality too poor broke in few weeks - slim good looking .
this battleship game is waaaaay better than the movie ! packs up nice and neat into this little carry case so it can travel .
this is a wonderfully detailed figure . great for collectors ! i love how poseable he is with well designed limbs .
must have toy for your baby . plays with all the time . one of her favorites . not really noisy and not too many pieces to lose either .
good quality but figurines does not fit in easily . you have to move its arms around before finally fits in .
bought this for my grand daughter who loves to color on this ; best thing is she can't color on anything else !
my 3 year old love this . it's not complicated to transformer and a nice size for toddler hands . it was his favorite toy this past christmas .
since i have two cats that look just like this one , i decided to send this to my grandchild to snuggle . she loves it .
love this fire engine . it is also non-toxic and does not have small pieces that a 16 month old can choke on .
it is well made and it is the first thing my grandchildren want to play with when they come . a great product and a great seller
very pretty .. my granddaughter loved it .. but it did not take long before it actually broke . was unable to fix it .
nice bracelet but it is for older girls . the 10 year old i gave it to it was a little tough for her to put it together
i loved this game because my son loves it . he plays it all the time and is a great learning game .
this was purchased as a gift my 10 year old niece . she seems to like it but like all electronic gadgets , she got bored with it quickly .
this set is a perfect addition to your game . i recommend you buy 2 , 3 & 4 . great entertainment for adults .
at first but was lots of fun , but maybe that's only because everyone was drinking , seem that it might not be as fun if you're not .
super cute ! used them for my daughter's safari themed birthday . all the little girls took them home with them ! they added the perfect decor !
this swing is great , a great price and it is sturdy and safe.going to purchase another to put up at my daughters house .
if you like yahtzee , this is a great twist to the game , we have a family game night and we love this .
i love the set , only it ; s a lot smaller than i had thought it would be when i saw it .
got this for my one year old grandson , he enjoys it , as does my 3 year old grandson . great toy , great price .
my son doesn't seem to appreciate how fun these are . i will have to try again when he's a little older ...
i purchased this elmo for my little 18 month old granddaughter and needless to say he was a hit with her !
very cool , little haed to see out of them , but very burable and the sids just pop on and off so it does not break
great fun for lego loving grandson . keep assembly book as it does come apart and needs to reassembled on a regular basis , good fun
even though we have had to replace the white crank when small hands got over anxious , this top provides hours of fun for all ages !
thats hello kittys new name . i know its kind of a shock for me too , but the daughter loves it . well worth the $
this is a precious cheerleader outfit and i know that my little cheerleader will enjoy putting it on her american girl doll .
she is very beautiful love the detail and she is made very well love that she is taller than the others
it is so cool old europian school worth to have it .. do not miss this numbere from you car collection ... enjoy
my 9 year old grandson has enjoyed using this particular nerf gun and found it to be sturdy , well-built and easy to handle .
wow auntie i love this so much ! that is what i was told by my police and lego obsessed nephew . this was the perfect combo
has lots of content and games . the price was good . it talks and is interactive . has most of the characters from the movie .
i got two of these for my boys and they love them . they play with them inside and out . not a bad price either .
we gave this as a gift for a four year old boy . the family said they enjoy playing it together .
i bought this for my grandson for christmas . seeing his face when he opened it was enough to tell me he loves it .
safe toy that my grandson ( 10 months old ) plays with for hours . he likes to learn the shapes , and the colors .
a wonderful first card game for my pre-school aged granddaughter ! we are going to have hours and hours of fun with this !
is a excellent game , the best of 2 worlds , halo the best videogame and risk the best game , perfect combination
really enjoy this tradition with the kids . even the older ones like to see where she returns to in the morning .
i gave this to my 2 year old granddaughter for christmas . she loves playing with it . it keeps her busy for hours .
cute and seems to be made of pretty durable plastic , a great addition to the rest of the melissa and doug beach toys for my nephews birthday
i bought this as a joke and it didnt work , friend knew immediately it was fake ! ... complete fail , i regret this purchase !
as a daycare owner & preschool teacher , this calendar is pefect ! they each take turns changing the date , weather , etc . they love it .
super cute , bought these just for fun and had no real use for these . have enjoyed sticking them on my kids things just to make them smile .
my grand-daughter wanted this for christmas , and i think the webkinz animals are adorable . she loved it , was happy and so was i !
i bought this 2 years ago and my now 8 and 6 year old love this , its been a great investment ! great quality !
it is a good set the lights and sounds work.it did have a few mising pcs not a lot olny 2 mising pcs.it is perty big
this candle has a nice but weak sound . it is also a little flimsy and cheap-looking . would not particularly recommend except for the theme value .
santa gave this to my four year old for christmas , he loves it . it is a little loud , but aren't all toys like this ?
i appreciate the true very vibrant colors in this bag of loom bands . i enjoy making bracelets with the colors .
my daughter loves anything disney princess , but since she loves animals , she had to have her favorite princesses dogs and cats , great toy for little girls :)
this fills our air-ball well . it is also good for sleds and other toys that inflate . it is lightweight too .
this game is so much fun for young kids to old adults . so much fun and exciting , thank you ! :)
my sons 1 and 3 love this toy , especially the coins.it also has educational value.it is safe to play , helps with hand-eye coordination .
big success for the girls who attended the party from little girls to teenagers liked these bracelets . very colorful and stretchable
it works really well and if you have other battle gear ( that works with this one ) it attaches perfectly to them
haven loved this she screamed when she opened her present thanks for making her christmas she started playing with it right away
perfect for any clone wars fan . your little jedi will be spending lots of time with his new friend .
lots of fun and works well ! my grandson has played with this for long periods and has been very creative with his use of this toy !
my 3 - yr old son loves to play in the snow and he enjoys using this to scoop snow . quality product too .
great toy for toddlers who are learning and small enough to pack in a diaper bag . keeps child entertained during traveling . i would recommend this one .
great nostalgia purchase , only issue the scale is such that the height doesn't allow for seeming intereaction with other similar figures . great price & greater figure .
this was a gift for my granddaughter . one she requested . she liked it but i thought it was a little too pricey for what you got .
my kids loved this toy . it was different , and nice educational aspect . attractive to all ages , they createdquite a few different things .
i was a big fan of these when i was a child . now my child is collecting them . it arrived in good condition .
this was one of the gifts that our great granddaughter had on her christmas list . the little ones played with it all evening ! ! !
my grandkids love this mythology stuff . these creatures are very durable , authentic looking and at a great price make wonderful gifts !
we are a lego family . we have many lego games & sets to assemble . the 20 yr old & 6 yr old do them together .
these worked perfect for the birthday gift bags all the little girls loved them . nice quality and very inexpensive for favors .
cute set . sturdy set . i bought this for my monster high doll house . it looks adorable in the house . buy it for your little girl .
got this for a 9 year old and she loved it . said this and the fashion design portfolio were her best birthday gifts .
this tower is pretty flimsy . i only bought it because it was massively on sale . next time i'll just buy the big box .
this is a great sketch pad for our 9 year old granddaughter . bigger and thicker than the drawing pads you normally see . would recommend .
cute set of dolls . wish they had came with stands but apparently they don't . and no pets ? it's ok , she still likes these .
big hit with my son . minecraft is all the rage now with the eleven year olds at my son's school .
i just thought that this would be a great thing for her to do while she is learning how to read . i think that she is enjoying it .
lego are always awesome , ageless , always a new adventure , can recreate , no age limit great on trains and planes kids build and play two activies
i would be surprised if there is a kid anywhere out there who would not enjoy this game ! enough said .
can you say anything bad about legos . i love this series . i just want more . i would tell anyone to get this . is so cute .
love learning games from leapfrog ! this is another great one my boys can relate too ! would recommend for any boy who loves transformers !
my son got this for christmas and he just loves everything from the music to the compartments . lots of fun , with lots of blocks
didn't know what i had bought but download was easy and grandson loved it . could have a better description . great product
helped my daughter become faster and accurate with math skills . her teacher also notice a change in speed when tested .
my neice was very happy with the plush daryl doll . she is a big fan of the walking dead series .
this was fun for the whole gang ! we do a game night once a week and it was great for something different than the typical board game fair .
as i am doing my reviews it seems like i bought my niece a ton of these these for her birthday . she loves them .
the girls really love these things and as stated earlier ... finally people without an imagination can build something really cool other than a tower ... lol ...
i bought these dinosaurs for party favors . i looked for the best value and this was it ! lots of variety of dinosaurs !
for a few pieces of legos - i dont get it ... but resale value on ebay looks good for when my daughter is done with these ...
they still get broken , but my two year old can use them without them snapping like most crayons do when a child colors with them .
such a cute little guy . good size so he can hang out with agnes and all the other little dolls that love unicorns .
my daughter was excited to get the doll but doesn't play with it much . probably just need to buy some accessories to make it more fun .
this puzzle is beautiful , the detail is fantastic and it is large . just the perfect size for the toddler that loves puzzles . the colors are vibrant .
good quality for the price not used them yet so this is all i can say for now check later
teaches colors and shapes ! good for young children and easy to sort . my son loves these at 21 months with many more months of use !
my grandkids love it and all the ideas out there for the elf to engage the kids in some other cool holiday fun !
we love this little girl and she was the perfect addition to our lalaloopsy family . she's adorable and sweet just like her big sister .
it's easy to put together . very durable . my daughter loves it ! it has height adjustments , so it will last a while .
what a joke , such a very poorly made product . what a waste of time to even order it . it made no sound at all !
perfect toy , very funny.it really does change your voice . buy it for my 5 years old son . he loves this toy .
not a big hit with my 5 year old granddaughter . she played with it for a while and never picked it up again .
great fun and without much parental help :) . my 2 and 5 year old take turns riding and pushing each other through our house . would buy again !
bought for my 3 year old . she absolutely loves it and stays in it most of the day . wasn't too hard to put together .
this is a fun group solitaire type game . it is fun for a small group ( 6 ) . cards are good a sturdy too .
great product for the price and the closest sounding whistle that resembles a real train , definitely recommend for little one .
he was so excited to receive this gift ! it goes great with the other sets and how they are interconnecting is great !
this is a christmas gift for my granddaughter and she hasn't recieved it yet so i don't know but it arrived on time and well packaged
this was a christmas gift for my 3 yr old god son . i thought it was bigger than it actually was but its ok .
this held my 2 year old's attention for many hours . i couldn't not have made it through the 8 hour car ride without it .
its funny and cute . both my kids are still in high back boosters that there own head rest gets in the way of this but still fun
they love to dive down in the pool to retrieve these sticks . colorful and easy to grab a win win !
lots of fun at the beach or in the yard . really gets the kids moving !
nice size for little grandson and hope he will enjoy this very much . merry christmas to all and peace be with you
i recently bought this little guy for my daughters birthday and was very pleased . he's made well and a great addition to our owl family .
my sister is turning her kids into disney freaks . so , anything disney is treated well . durable and cute toys . enjoyable
well made , bright colors , hours of entertainment for kids that love the virtual world of webkinz . we ordered 4 pets and love this one the best !
i gave this product a five star because it was exactly what my granddaughter wanted . it is made well and i would recommend it to all . great organizer
my daughter really likes these , it took her a while to figure out how to attach one to a bracelet - but once she did she loved them .
bought this for my granddaughter . she loves it and brings it to bed with her . it was delivered on time and in perfect shape .
these are very sturdy , wooden , nicely made and hold up . but they are too heavy for the airplane . good for car trips .
it's expensive , but worth it . the grandchildren and every other child heads for this . it takes a beating and survives .
perfect combo of t-rex and rockets ... fun effects ... great for my 3 1/2 yr old . recommend this toy for sure . thank you .
perfect mat and size for that advanced lego lover in your life . it's not too big or too small and fits nicely on your lap
wow - these will be in a goody bag for my son's 3rd bday . i was pleasantly surprised by the quality . you just never know .
i bought this for my grandson for a gift , he has a bunch of beyblades , kinda disappointed , was extremely small , thought it would be alittle bigger
my daughter loves this pillow . it is super cute and soft . she is super happy with it and we will be ordering more .
my daughter likes this gift okay . it's a nice size - not too big , not too small . great for someone who loves dora !
i bought this for my grand children , it is very helpful in them counting and leaning their colors they just love it .
so much fun for the kids ! directions were easy to read to put together . better suited for flat areas such as inside gyms .
i have purchased several barbie clothes from yiding i have never been disappointed.very happy with purchase my granddaughters love the new outfilts . very good quality
my granddaughter loves this tea set and has played with it often . it was a nice addition to her other dishes and food .
my son was into horses so we got this set simply for the horse . it has some fun acessories for the horse .
these tools make play doe that much more fun . i let me son play with these and some cookie cutters and he stays entertaine for hours .
the quality was fine , but we found them cheaper locally.wow ... i guess i have to write 10 more words . i hope this will do .
fun little compact , easy to transport game for children . it is easy to learn the rules anbd all kids love dinosaurs .
the doll it's pretty but she have better models . doesn't have stand our another accesory and that is sad . the clothes is really nice
this was gift for my 10 year old niece . she was thrilled with it and has enjoying playing with it . the quality seems to be good .
got for little boy's 2yr bday - going to put on cake first then he can lick off and play with.super cute . no problems
my girls love the tape , but it is really hard to rip the tape off . good deal for the price .
a christmas gift for my grandson who has added it to his collection of action dolls . he has several now .
the original batman game for ps3 . a must for all marvel's fans . many hours of fun for teenagers and growups .
gave as a gift to my granddaughter who is 5 and she loved painting it and putting it together with her mom helping her .
very fun toy for even the grown-up men ! the whole family loves this - just wish we had a bigger yard ... hahaha !
oh , this set was so cute , my class and my son loves it . what a great fun time pretending to camp !
even i , like it my daughter plays it and i watch , but now i play ! ! ! . and even my husband plays ... ( recommended )
nice size ... kind of heavy . good size to use on the doll or my little girls hair . she really likes it .
i enjoy playing this with my 4 year old but with most 4 year olds they have to win . we like pulling the stinky skunk undies !
gave this as a gift to my niece who is doing her rotations to be a doctor . it was a big hit . cute !
purchased for grandsons aged 6 and 7 . they had no problems operating the controlls and these were a great toy to get them to play together .
smaller than expected but came fast and in good shape . a gift for a 4yr old boy at christmas . who is starting to play with batman toys .
this is one of the only toys my daughter still plays with from all her x-mas presents . well worth the money . i would buy it again .
this is great - doesn't melt in the water like other bath crayons and doesn't break easily ( like the crayola ones ) .
needed a small yet firm goal for the little guys . good quality and they enjoy it daily , it'll also grow with them .
the four year old thinks it's the funniest thing ever . the adults usually giggle too . what more can you say ?
it arrived on time and was an instant hit , as my child loves play doh . she really loves the variety of colors
my son says the glasses really do work and make the characters look like they are coming out of the book .
good for small hands while painting . i found that using the brush helps our painting projects from becoming finger painting projects .
all of these mythology creatures are very well made and kids into mythology love their authenticity . they make great gifts and the price is right !
my kids all love puzzles and this one is no exception . it is well made , and the picture is as advertised . perfect for my toddler princesses !
my son loves anything lego and anything minecraft . this could not have been a better combination . already built and added to his collection .
it lasted only a few hours of play . it broke in pieces and could not put it back in place .
this is a nice yo-yo at a super price ! i would recommend it highly . buy this , you won't regret it !
cute pieces but solid blocks of wood are heavy and can damage floor and other toys if dropped ( or thrown ) . the designs are nice .
i bought this for my grand-daughter for christmas . anything made by leapfrog is wonderful ! this is both cute and educational .
amazon has the best prices on these plates which are great for lego builders to be able to move their creations around in one piece . best value
my son loves this microscope . we bout it with elenco 12 slide with 36 assorted specimens and he really enjoys those along with the microscope .
when my son first showed me how this worked i was surprised . this is really neat . i had no clue what it actually did .
my 3 year old daughter likes it a lot . hasn't tried to eat it at all , thank god . frosting stuff is cool .
my son loves tornados . i mean loves tornados . so having a pet tornado is great . it's easy , cheap , and is travel friendly .
did not like to many pieces just no fun mote time settingvitvup than actually playing the game just not fun
8 yr old likes this toy for short periods , but it gets boring for him . his parents enjoyed it more than he does .
i love this best thing is it plugs into the tv i didnt need a big fancy gaming system to play this
i ordered this for my granddaughter & she loves it . she has so much fun with it i just ordered her another one ! ! !
little dog being loved . as explained great packaged great toy for little girl that loves dogs and can't have one yet.thank you ,
i love the riverstones ! with some involvement from us parents the kids enjoy them too , we just have to get them started .
crafting isn't just for girls anymore . introduce boys to the joys of crafting with this train . lots of fun and they can display their masterpiece proudly !
great price and lots of colors to choose from . i bought a few and will use them as add-on birthday gifts for kids .
this is a large table top easel . my grandkids use it every day to play hangman . they love it . will purchase this type again .
this was a must have for my little princess , as rapunzel is her favorite princess . now she has the complete collection .
this was the first toy my daughter opened on christmas eve and she was so happy . velvety soft and super cute , great product ! thanks .
excellent game for kindergarten students . use as a reward or as a center . the sounds are awesome and allows for full engagement !
ashley loves this she had made so many bracelets and sold them to her friend she really enjoyed this very much
got this for my grandson for christmas . he opened it and started screaming . he was so excited . his very favorite of all the power ranger toys .
my grandson loves this , spends hours playing with it . great gift . very colorful and stores easy . who doesn't loves batman ?
i'm not always sure about the " cheerleader dolls " but venus is great . great outfit and hair . i am glad that i purchased her .
i just gave this to my son yesterday for his 3rd birthday , and he loves it . it drifts really good and is easy for him to control .
feels very well made , my 7 month old enjoys it as well as my 3 year old . the end . goodbye
this was bought last year for our great nieces birthday . i am not sure if she loved it , but i did . very nice ! well made !
very sweet ! good quality . as described . would recommend ! this little character looks just like luigi . thanks for the great product .
bought for daughter who likes to put puzzles together in the winter months when it's cold outside and she has more time on her hands
my granddaughter received this along with the dollhouse for christmas . she can spend hours playing with it ! she loves the baby !
soft fun plush toys that give a different dimension to the mine craft characters . my son loves these and enjoys playing with them .
i love adding to my collection . jane boolittle is a great addition . she is cute and adorable . she makes a sweet addition to any collectors set .
i bought this to go along with the rest of the characters on the spongebob tv show . he's a nice size and cute too .
my 8 year old loves this batcave . this is the third one that he received along with the joker and the first batcave that he got last year .
great quality paper . my kids use this on their easel from ikea and it fits perfectly . holds up well to painting and use by kids .
excellent ! our little one loved it he slept with it the first night and used it in many creative ways .
some of the clues in this game are tough , but my son loves it . it teaches new words , and is just fun to play
like all legos , this is great ! comes with all the jewels , lots of characters and very cool building . my son loves it
my girls like playing with it but can not use cups with water because they leak . only good for pretend play .
this is a very fun toy . my only suggestion is to have some tape on hand to reinforce the sides so it can be reused .
gives water great color , doesnt stain the tub either yay for mom . putting two tablets makes the water more vibrant !
this is a great game for adults with alcohol who are bored of normal board games . it's for a more mature audience .
bought this for our 2 year old son at the time . he is now 3 and this is definitely still his favorite lego toy !
this hasn't turned yet . i have 6 others in the yard that are different in shapes and colors and they are constantly moving . not this one though .
these peeps are so cute and fit perfectly on your fingers ! they are fun and the little one just love them !
my son loves his dinosaur we are so pleased he plays with it every day . it was shipped quickly and everything was perfect great christmas gift !
grandaughter loved this toy and i would purchase it again for one of my other grandaughters if they wanted it .
this was a gift to my grandson . i remember buying these when my sons were little . they appear to not have changed much .
grandson loves this book too .. loves the cars charatcers . helps him learn how to read at a young age , wonderful
our grandchildren , ages 2-4 , have thoroughly enjoyed this and have not tired of it . there are plenty of things to keep them busy .
it was exactly as descibed in the write up . it is an excellent product . grandchildloved it and has played with it frequently .
this game is crazy ... soon we'll have angry bird cars that are flung to and from work . it is pretty much what i expected .
a great way to obtain these 3 minifigures . the best part is that these three minifigs are not glued to the magnet , you can detach them
these puppets are cute , but a little chincy . my kids use them in their puppet theater , but we will probably be needing new puppets soon .
this broom is perfect for the little helper . was exactly what i was hoping for and was a good value .
i gave these to my two great grandchildren . it would have been nice if the batteries were in them when they opened them
not that great a game . have only played like once or twice and don't even know where it is now .
its great , especially if you play the game a lot ! keep your mind open and remember , it is only a game .
all i have to say is i have never seen my children so excited at christamas thankyou amazon , you did it again !
i really enjoy this game . although i added an extra player into mine by making another player piece and card holder .
get your little " engineer " off to a good start . specifically designed for girls , encouraging math and engineering skill . they make it fun too .
my grandson loves this he has several . they are made sturdy and well worth the money will last for years of fun
i purchased two of these . one for a young friend just starting his yo-yo career and one for myself . you can never go wrong with this one .
as long as my granddaughter loved this that was all that mattered . i am way out of touch with current cartoons .
great ! i thought i needed it , but my rody came with its own pump . so that was a bit disappointing .
love this little bus ! ! ! it is soft enough for little hands to grab it and easy to learn to use . very cute and durable ! !
really fun , as always . my kids always enjoy shrinky dinks , this one has a lot of cute extras that let her make necklaces and key chains .
i bought this for a birthday present for my 8 year old son . he loves halo and enjoys playing with this set .
this game brings and attractive competition and make the boys be more thinkers and paid attention to the game , dont lost details
i love this pink leapster explorer - it is awesome ! my five-year old received it for christmas and loves it !
my kids really enjoy playing with this and serving everyone food ! hape toys in general are a hit at our house .
lovely and my daughterswill love it.just like the movie . my daughter will love it and christmas is going to be a happy day for my girls !
children loved it and enjoy watching them play on it especially when they can get outside with it and not in my house
as expected , this was a fun experience for my grandson . lego products never disappoint .
this is going to be christmas present for my child . so far i like the look of it . i am happy with my purchase .
if your messed up , even just a little bit , this would be the greatest game in the world to you !
cars is my granson's favorite movie , so he naturally loves the book and loves the little educational games .
i didn't realize this plane was going to be so small . my almost 3 year old loves dusty but not this plane because its so small .
my 5 year old grandosn love playing with this . so cute , i wanted to join in ! it's very well made !
how do you keep a room full of 4th and 5th grade boys busy for quite a while ? yep , these whoopie cushons deliver every time .
chrsitmas gift for my 3 y / o and he loves it . he can build all kinds of tracks and even daddy likes to create tracks
nice stickers that peel off sheet very easily and kept my 4 - year old granddaughter busy at the easter brunch table .
what a cute puzzle . it is for a christmas gift . it is really neat and shipped in quickly . glad i decided to order it ...
it only wants to work half the time , and we haven't even had it a month yet . i'm going to see if i can get it replaced .
i love this clothing maker for 18 inch dolls . they are well made and ships quickly . this nightgown is sweet and fits my 18 inch doll perfectly .
i purchased this doll for my daughter for christmas and she loves it . it is just super cute and was a bargain .
the bottom of the foam swords do break off pretty easily , but then again they aren't very expensive so i didn't expect much .
fire away ! ! this clips are just to cool and gives you nerf firepower to really do some damage . gotta love it !
like the various items that kids can make out of this box while discovering physical phenonmenon . simple yet complex in theory .
my granddaughter likes to take some her barbies to her play dates and overnights this looks like a good way for her to carry without losing pieces .
bouight for day care use the children play with them daily and love them . we get our moneys worth out of them .
the animals are cute and sturdy but the ark is not a shape sorter and has sharp edges so would not recommend .
she loves the little people dolls . i only wish the males would talk like the female princesses do when placed in the castle .
came in a beat up box ; only had one ( i should have clarified that it was 1 and not 2 ) .
disney has such great story books out and this one is even liked a lot by my grand daughter . she loves reading them .
i got these for my daughter and she is super excited to have so mny extra bands to make more bracelets .
too much glitter . and it's really too much . i am not too sure if i willlet my daughter play with it.perhaps it'll stay in the box forever .
this is a class toy . she will play with it for hours . she like sorting and putting the blocks back on the board time after time .
it could be a little smaller for a childs hand , but my 13 month old daughter likes this phone .
this is a nice addition to my 6 " marvel action figure collections . the joints are super poseable , and it looks wonderful .
another winner by ravensburger , nice big pieces and the perfect number for 3 to 4 year olds . a favorite of my little girl .
just what i needed for fun . not fast but lots of fun going over things and rough terrain.would buy another .
great fun and quick game . pretty easy to learn too . my 6 year old even picked up the game quickly and started asking to play it .
this booster pack just ads to the fun of an already crazy fun game ! what better way to get your child to use their imagination than this game !
cute little mop . great quality . my 2 year old son received it for his birthday . he will help mop the floor with it .
both boys & girls love feeding the baby doll , mickey or george . it's fun to watch them feed all of their friends .
love these leapreader books . they are great for my little girl learning to read & listen to the story on her own !
this toy took some time to put together . the instructions were not the best but it was manageable.pretty fun toy for my 3 yr old nephew .
this is a cool trick i only wish the pen was better quality and actually wrote . it was supposed to but it doesn't .
my granddaughter just loves games , and this one was quite a hit with her . if involves friends or family members playing the game with her .
my grandson had seen the movie and absolutely fell in love with the character ! this made a great birthday present .
the game went as a present to a friend's kids and they are very happy playing with it they have fun
granddaughter just turned 4 and it is just the right size . love the color and pap is looking for years of fun with it on his basketball court .
my seven-year-old niece loves to cook in her play kitchen , and these eggs make for fun playtime . very realistic eggs .
calico critters are so adorable . it literally took hours to pick everything out for our 3 year old . she loves them
again , i don't know anything about the beyblades , but my grandson loved these . they were played with a lot & he really seemed to enjoy them .
this is a cute toy , nice music and interesting to infants . however , it eats batteries like candy , so be prepared with lots of recharables !
another great product from lego . my son is a lego fan and this lego action figures simply delight him . very satisfied with the purchase .
these outfits are darling ... well made and very well thought out . my granddaughter was thrilled . there is a lot for the money !
got this for my 5 year old nephew , and he stopped playing computer games to play with pin art and experiment with it . a hit ! !
i bought these for the girls at the party and every toddler loved them , even noticed some of the older girls wearing them :)
i got her for my 9 year old birthday , and she is so much more cute in person , and my daughter absolutely loves her ! !
this pogo is excellent except you can not adjust the resistance on it . you must bounce real hard to get it going .
perfect length and very durable . daughter ( 5 ) was thrilled with it and has used it regularly . great product ! highly recommend .
i bought this as a gift for my grandchild . it is colorful , well made , and sturdy . more importantly , he likes it !
loves it .. he said it was what he wanted .. it goes with all he other lego sets that he has .. you rock amozon
this furby is still working ... omg ! it never turns off , but my daughter seems to have a great time talking to it and playing with it .
my daughters think this is neat however .. it only guesses animals and it asks questions forever until he has to get it right . lol ...
these are good fit for any am girl doll . they fit like " a glove " so to speak and my daughter loves them for her doll .
my grandson loves this toy and it helps him identify the letters . bad side note is that if not watched these letters end up all over the place
my girls love this game along with the others i purchased . great price & quality ! recommend for disney game collectors .
these are adorable and perfect for any little learner in your home . we did not buy these for the magnets so i am not sure how those work
i can't believe these are plastic and should have read the description better as usual everything is made cheaper probably should purchase at least two or more sets
i love these toys ! my daughter likes them . although now ( at 18mo ) she's more interested in washing herself and pouring water on herself and me !
my granddaughter loves all the critters . she is only 2 and loves the cows the best . she wants the baby cows now .
this is a cute doll , and looks like a baby belle . disney can't go wrong in our house , we have belle , aurora and cinderella
i got this for my granddaughter who loves monster high dolls ! these are awesome ! you won't go wrong buying this set , they're very cute .
very nice product and grand son got many hours of fun and use from this . it was a big hit at christmas
they fly far , but not too far . durable enough to last an evening of 3 rough kids shooting them everywhere .
i bought this one for my youngerst grandson for easterhe loves legos and i know hesgoing to love this one
my girls love love love this , they are on their tab all day and night playing ... this really great for little girls who love dora
must have for any fan of the original 66 series . figure is very close to the catwoman . brings back good memories .
my 4 year old son loved getting these for his puppet theater . they are all so cute ! a great deal . would recommend to anyone !
love this little car , and item arrived fast . everything was in the package and i am happy . son loves this car . cute for the price .
recipient was thrilled with this gift and we hear she sits for hours playing with the portfolio . she is designing clothes for her dolls now .
we got this for our 5 year old son . he absolutely loved it ! will look for one similar to this for next year .
my daughter loves her doll . she is very detailed and the stand is nice . all of her joints are posable .
my kids are addicted to this game . they wake up every weekend to play this game and the music is not too bad .
not worth the price at all ! plus i found it $ 5.00 cheaper ! don't waste your money , buy something els ! truth !
i chose lego because of the popularity and my grandson's favorite toy . a great additon to my grandsons collection of legos
juggernaut is amazing . i love looking at him and seeing him on my tv stand . i love this figure so much
this is a cute my little pony . well made , just don't know why they have to charge so much for these little things .
did not hold up as well as the cheaper chalk . colors were brighter and if the chalk gets wet , it is useless . will not buy again
i gave softy to my grandson as a surprise . he was absolutely thrilled . loved the story of softy . well made and very soft . good choice .
well made product for jake & neverland pirates fans . no complaints . their bodies twist . they're about 2-3 inches tall . fun toys
my daughter loves barbie in swan lake and this unicorn is close enough to the move that it works . she loves it !
this was a gift for someone with poor eyesight . she , happily , reported back to me this version was very easy for her to read .
loved it ... my girl played with it and it was also a good price for it . would loved to get additional when the price is right ! thanks
book is as expected . follows the story nicely . very cute . my daughter enjoys it . leapfrog is amazing for kids . would recommend .
don't play it with people who are easily offended because it gets very raunchy . my friends and family love it .
just what you would expect from cards against humanity . i have all of the expansions up till now and i'm looking forward to the next one
very cute . brig colors . would recommend tons friend . great value . high quality . would recommend to a friend . two thumbs up .
cards are plastic so take a while to break in . quick delivery and good price . great game to teach one to think strategically .
my son didn't do as well with this one as he had with some others . not a terrible beyblade but definitely not one of the better ones .
my eight-year-old grandson asked for this for christmas . i was surprised when he sent me a picture and had it all finished – he just loved it .
an unusual doll the grand daughters just love . the price was excellent for a high quality product . delivery was super .
good starter for uno game . no numbers just colors and shapes . bought this for our 7 year old and it was too boring for her .
more than half of the lights do not work . try everyone out before you keep them . very disappointed . nice product if they worked .
this is a bit too complicated for my 10 yr old daughter , but i bet next year it will be great .
this kit helps to learn colors . my niece who runs a day care / preschool asked about them . they are 18 mos and up
my 7 year old loved this ! her aunt helped her make her first bracelet . brings back memories from when i was her age making bracelets
i think my grand daughter will enjoy this as it looks like it has lots of stickers to be applied .
these dolls are very popular , it was hard to find , but it makes a perfect gift and great addition to the collection
love the details on the millennium falcon . cant wait to open it up and build the falcon for display and play as well
kids get to learn the geography and work on putting the puzzle together . this puzzle is good for both adults and kids .
i bought this along with the rest of the expansions and the main game . well worth the money ... for the fun you'll have ! !
my grand daughter just loves this ! she is busy making all kinds of goodies & then cleaning up just like her mom !
just what we expected . a mindcraft action figure for my for my son .
the whole family has had fun with this helicopter that was bought for me 3 year old son . great product and amazingly durable !
my 4 year old is in love with clip dolls . this is a really cute kit was as i expected , adorable ! i would buy it again .
grandaughter loves it and i was surprised that it had many more features that i thought it did . good gift !
great value . i would recommend this product to anyone who has a child who needs help with phonics . this is a great value .
these are fantastic glow sticks . they are big , extremely bright , and come with all of the pieces to wear them around your neck . great buy .
not sure how to review a pack of nerf suction darts , but they are as pictured . shipping was fast and the product met expectations . :-)
i really like how this doll vanity comes with little accessory items and is well made . the small drawer opens . very cute ! ! !
this is a fantastic , high quality toy that has brought hours of fun to my children . i highly recommend it !
my daughter wanted some different shoe's for her barbie so i get these for her now she has lost some but she still likes the ones she has
bought this for chirstmas . the wings give the real fairy effect . it's a nice chirstmas present for growing up little girls .
the product is very professinal and easy to work with . however did not catch the eye of a fancy 5 year old .
if your little girl like mine likes playing make believe with hello kitty your child will love this cute little feline in her adorable outfit !
it arrived on time and the tiles are large and easy to use . the weight of the tiles are heavy enough to be easy to pick up .
my construction worker grandson has several bruder trucks and we were pleased with them . well made and withstands the punishment .
i thought it would be a good idea to have the elf wear different skirts , we'll see if my daughter notices .
this is the third swing i purchased . it is very sturdy , and i like the tray . i find no faults with this swing .
why my grandaughter likes these is beyond me but she does . so have to give 5 stars . nothing negative here yes they are small but oh well .
my little girl got these from " santa " and they loved them i couldn't belvie the price the were way cheaper then other big stores
this is just the right size to love for my 2 year old . she's had it about six months and hasn't slept without it yet . very soft !
this is a great puzzle for penguin fans . i bought it as a gift and the receiver was very happy with it .
these are really cool ! they're also half the price ( just under $ 4 ) at walmart or target . friendly tip to save some cash !
i thought the wings would wear out but they are still going strong . very colorful and durable she loved this gift .
this was a little bigger than i expected ( which was a good thing ) , but the darn wheels kept popping off , which is very annoying .
this bey is great it is a good present for kids hope to buy more like the world strongest blader set
i ordered this for my son for a christmas present . it was just what i wanted and at a decent price . would recommend !
he loves this car . glad i had bought it for him . it was a little smaller that what i had expected .
fun little blocks with no sharp edges . i don't dread stepping on these like some of the other blocks . :)
this is a great party favor for both girls and boys . surprisingly durable and colorful . so happy i bought these ! !
bought this for my 9yr old daughter for xmas and she really enjoyed it . would buy again if she sticks with it
me and my daughter were very dissapointed in the bubbles . the bubbles dont make it out of the mower without popping .
my son loves his drum , he is having a fun time with it . it is sturdy and well made and lots of fun .
my daughter told me my grandson read the book on the very long drive home after christmas . everyone was happy in the car !
these options definitely change up how you think about the game and can be some cause of major strategy changes for the new or the old races .
they are great ! priced a little high , but wasa convenient purchase for me ! they arecute ( read the size )
ghoulia is one of my favourite monster high dolls and i was very happy to receive this one in the mail . the details were impeccable .
fits ag doll , cast easy to get on / off ; wheelchair collapses much like a real one does - all parts are sturdily made
bought it for a gift and the little guy loves it he would not trade it for the world . definetly a repurchase .
got these for a friends sons first birthday . they were great items . looks like they will hold up thru severla kids .
we are very happy with the quality of this set . it looks great , and my 3.5 says it's fun to play with !
hallie is the nurse that assists doc mcstuffins with the healing of the toys she is very smart and teaches young kids that nurses are our friends
all the kids in the neighborhood are jealous when my son brings this outside to play ! he says it's his favorite nerf gun out of them all !
these didn't seem to fly through the water at all . cute and durable however . purchased as a part favor . wouldn't again .
what more can i say . i have it on my computer table ... very cute ! goes really well with rainbow dash .
they are very delicate and breakable . broke 2 the second time they were played with . my son was very sad !
we can't wait to put together this beautiful , 1000 piece puzzle . fish are wonderful & it looks like a family project for sure !
i had one as a kid and loved making different designs , so got it to play with my grandchildren on a rainy day !
lego bricks are fun for all ages and as always if it a lego is very good quality . the color is great
my daughter loves to draw , so this colored pencils hit the spot . big hit . the only downside is that i have to sharpen them every evening :)
we are very happy with the quality of this set . it looks great , everything ' works ' , and we have a lot of fun with it .
i have to say i thought the colors would be a lot better like brighter , they seem dull and not attractive at all .
i bought this for christmas so my daughter hasn't opened yet but it looks sturdy , cute and i think it'll be a great bargain .
this is for all energy children to have fun and to get exercise and to do with it with fun at all times .
the flying helicopter is a good toy . it takes skill to fly around without crashing into things and land properly without crashing
very nice this dols and the close are prety , thé hair are very nice , and lot of acessoiries i like it
absolutely amazed with this little gun . this thing shoots hard for it's size . ended up getting several of these for the family and everyone loves it .
great to teach letters and soundshe liked the pensil and thought he was using a computer like momi would recommend this
good addtion to other sand art items i purchased for my sister . she loves being able to make her own patterns come together .
nice addition for any little thomas fan ! i would recommend this fantastic item . goes great with the take n play sets !
my 21 month old absolutely loves this toy and has had it for the past 4 months.he has not lost interest yet !
any little boy into cars will absolutely love this assortment of cars - this was a good value for the money
i absolutely loved this game when i was 6 ... 20 years later its still a favorite and i was so grateful to find it !
kids approve . i put my kids in bed with these , it's something that occupies their mind until they fall asleep .
my grandson is just wild about power rangers . any color , any size , as long as they are power rangers . it's a winner .
cute and my grandson like to use my phone with iti've download some apps and he trys to push the buttons
got this for my son . he is 8 years old and had it built within a few minutes . plus its a great toy for him .
i love pull back cars . the kid hasn't learned that part of them yet but he does like playing with them .
my kids have loved this toy . we've passed through two jake fans in this house and bucky has entertained and held up through both of them .
goes well with a outfit i bought for my doll . also looks like a style of boot my neices wear today .
i bought this toy for my granddaughter . it is colorful , easy to grasp and take apart and put together . easy to clean .
my grandson just turned 3 years old . the main reason i bought this is for the firemen . he likes to play with the figures .
hours of fun for the monster high loyal fans . let your ghouls creativity run free . fabulously freaky and of course ... fashionable .
not one single character works in the castle . and the amber doll will not sit like sofia and james . king roland can not stand on his own .
got this for a little boy and he loved it . it shipped fast and was in great condition . my expectations were met with this product
grandaughter loves it . keeps her busy for hours at atime . really enjoys coming up with may styles and different designs . highly recommended for young girls .
these are little cans , but they hold just the right amount for little hands . i like the black one best !
i got this for my daughter even though she isnt old enough for barbies yet . i just love this set . and it is such a great value
my son likes this case very much , it is very easy to zip and unzip , and it is a very nice case for small-pieces legos
my son is very into mythological creatures lately and collecting them . this is a really well made and detailed figurine that will hold up to lots of playtime .
got this for my granddaughter , she loved it , she loved the movie and the characters were the perfect gift for her .
this was purchased as a gift for my granddaughter and she really enjoys having pajamas for her dolls . bought several outfits and pjs for her dolls from amazon .
easy to put together . the kids have a ball playing with it . they like to put their dolls in the seat and pretend they are going shopping .
my daughter just turned 3 and she loves this house . it's really pretty and fun to play with , it's a good size and the price is right !
soft , great colors . exactly what my grandson wanted.holds stuffed toy while playing games . just the rightsize to play with .
a great game of strategy ! this is great for my 5 year old , 7 year old and for me to play !
belle has pretty auburn hair . her dress is bright and cheery like the sun . i love her and have several belle dolls .
its a fun game to play as a group . even though its 5 + years , we had fun playing it with our nephew .
love star wars ... and love this game . i will keep buying the expansions and more than one of each expansion so as to play this game .
bought this for my grandson's birthday . he loved it . he is three years old and a huge thomas fan . made very well .
can't wait to build this with my twelve year old boy . actually has to build before he can use this motorized racing car .
was disappointed sound went out on it right away . was xmas gift . was not the battery . bought another from a store .
nice little computer for my 2 year old granddaughter . she can use it by herself . sounds , songs and learning is great for her .
i love this and my son loves this . he even plays without the playdoh , there are alot of things this crane can do ! great toy
great add on to the legos so your child has the opportunity to grow his or her imagination . they can build for hours .
i bought this as a gift for my 4 year olds nephew and he loves it ! he plays with it more than most of his other toys .
great colors and sturdy knobs . kids love these puzzles . my neighbors grandson loved this colorful puzzle ! will last him a long time .
very cute and fun product . our daughter loved this . gave 4 start only because its a little cheaply made and we wished it lasted longer .
great toy for my boys . the pieces connect together well and works with all of our standard size thomas characters , and a few non-name brand train cars .
the little ones are great for the younger boys . they are still going strong on the same batteries two months later .
i love these puzzles ! the kids love these puzzles . they are fun and different . i would 100 % recommend these to someone !
this is a great game for my just turned 5 year old son . he gets the concept and its fun for the family .
the frustration is off the charts on this unless you are into hand eye coordination ... and noise of people yelling " augh ! darn "
i got this for my grandson at christmas . he is 3 years old and he loved it . he could work it very well with his little hands .
bought for granddaughter's 3rd birthday . she loves to play this game . plays it over and over . it is a great product for preschool age children .
my two year old grandsons picked up playing this harmonica almost instantly . they are really enjoying it and can play fairly interesting tunes .
we all enjoy this toy . it is challenging and entertaining . so far no accidents with it . i have always loved a pogo stick .
the girls all seem to love these lego friends and they get together and share all their different kits . they play for hours with them
bought this for my 1 year old nephew . he loves to take it apart and put it back together . he loves discovering new things .
the sword was pretty big . sometimes the picture does look like the real size . the sward was hollow and looked good . it was simple and easy .
my eight-year-old is into spy gear . these are fun , you roll these balls near a person and they make strange noises , definitely distracting !
some what hard to work it.it is smaller then what i thought but still works . you have to remember he is just a puppy .
really educative toy . the material is really good . specially for my neice , that's a dropper toddler . love the sounds and the color
great storage , easy to put together and allows for hours of play when you unfold it !
a great choice he loved it and was on time for christmas .. it was sold out everywhere else .. so was really luck to find it here .
i put this puzzle up for later . granddaughter is too young for this puzzle . i'm sure in a year or so she will enjoy this .
my son was so happy now .. his superman action figure collection is complete with jor el . great price and arrived very quickly !
back in the day , the lite brite was huge ! but this compact version is wonderful and travels well . my grand daughter loved it !
these were perfect ! just as described and not junk - they will be treasure-holders for a lot of little boys
nice and sturdy for my 2 yr old grand-daughter . she loves the sounds it makes and plays with it constantly .
great toy ! these work really well and we've used them for hours and hours .
these were great favors . they come in the exact colors and shapes that are in the picture ! i would recommend these for dinosaur party favors .
my lo just turned 3 and she loves it ! she plays with this almost every day ... love the way it sings etc ...
exactly what we were looking for , great quality , and can be used with any of the wooden train sets - we have maxim and it works great !
great game , but the product was packed with another box that put a whole in the game box but the cards are fine .
hate this thing . too fast and out-of-control to be any fun for anyone . impossible to steer . drives kids nuts . dud .
these beads are a great value . my daughter has has hours of fun already creating many many colorful goodies . great value for your money .
you'll find a few random broken bands , but other than that they seems good , thick .. works with our new rainbow loom !
great details on figure , hands down the best figures out there . once again crazy joe's out of the uk delivers .
i bought this for my niece and she loves it ! it was much larger then i thought it would be too !
such a great chunky wooden puzzle for my daughter , what girl does not love flowers , birds and butterflies ? ! thanks so much @
bought this for my nephew's birthday and he loved it ! ! he sleeps with it at night ! he is so happy with this toy . yay !
the books fell apart too easily , the quality was not good . nice idea , but the product was not good enough .
my granddaughter got this as a gift and is fits in with the doll set from circo . came without any damage or missing pieces .
this was a christmas gift that went over quite well with the entire gaggle of grand kids so i was happy !
i bought this happy napper ladybug for my grand daughter . she really loves it . a very good product i recommend
my girls love these little figures . they are mostly sturdy , except the joints on the horse legs are a little flimsy .
cute car . good quality , nice package . as expected for a hot wheels type product . gifted to a 3 year old - a big hit !
i think these are okay but think you are better off buying the twist-able kind for children . just supervise your youngster and you should be fine .
huge hit with all three kids ! ! ! the love their shake and go cars and loved having something and somewhere to use them !
my niece loves these dolls so i purchased many through amazon . all of them were perfectly packaged and arrived in excellent condition ! thank you !
i ordered these for my daughters 5th birthday and put them on cupcakes ! the girls loved them and it was and easy decoration !
i love that i can add on these smaller items for a great price and free shipping . great deal and perfect for my house full of lego fans !
bought these to go with my cthulu munchkin and they were great , really adds to ambiance and makes things more nerdy
i love this game . it is a wonderful cooperative family game . easy to learn and tricky to play . gonna get the expansion .
used this once and threw it out . the decorations wouldn't stay on and the cake tasted like cardboard and had a really weirded rubber texture .
my 11 month old chases this toy around ! ! ! he loves it and it is so exciting for him ! ! ! cute noises , etc !
the good old standard of shapes in the holes can't miss . had this for my kids and now have one for the grandkids . they love it !
these were used as favors for a party i threw for my 2 yr old . they are cute and functioned well for what i needed them for
the lab program where i work thought this worked well for autistic children as a fidget.mitbis larger than i thought it would be .
fun way to learn about patterning - lots of hours of play available . great gift for a variety of ages .
was another lego monster figure my grandson had wanted for christmas - is study enough and made him very happy .
i like the markers by crayola that only work on their paper . my toddler likes hello kitty and coloring with markers so this was perfect .
my 8 year old really likes this . also , my husband and i have had a competition or two when our sone is not around .
very cute and realistic . wooden . of all the food my daughter received with her grocery stand , these have been her favorite .
my granddaughter loves putting on and watching puppet shows . these were interesting characters to add to our show and stimulated her imagination .
ooooooo we love this plastic creeper its so cute and so hard to find nobody in the stores carries it
this is a great learning tool , and it keeps our daughter entertained for a little while and learning at the same time .
kitty will get away , she giggles & tempts you to catch her . she's made very well , a great gift for a crawler or toddler .
keeps the grandchildren entertained when it is too hot or too cold to play outside . they don't realize they are learning and consider it fun .
bought it so i'd have one of each hexbug.it ' s a walker - nothing special.they want more words ? ok !
i really like this game . it takes some thought and is hard to play the first time but the second game is always more fun than the first .
love all little people items . this was over-priced , but my kids enjoyed finding it under the tree on christmas morning .
my 5 year old daughter loves this . it was one of her favorite christmas presents . it is so adorable and cute !
purchased for a three year old grandson who loves to build ! well-built with a nice variety of colors and shapes !
my grandson was thrilled with his singing barney . it was a little difficult for him to push the tunes sometimes .
feels like a role playing game . good at parties . i really enjoyed playing with my friend and family . really good buy .
these work well for my children . they fit small hands and have soft edges . they seem to work well for children .
these hangers fit the american girl doll clothes perfectly and they are very sturdy . they look great in the doll's closet !
this is a great addition to our logging locos collection . we have had fun with this toy every day since .
this is the tardis you will want no just for doctor who figures but any action figure to go through time and space . love it ! ! !
bubbles were not black light reactive . tested in basement with no lights on other than black lights , could not see bubbles . not recommended .
my grandkids really enjoy this car . it is very durable and the sound of mater's voice is good also .
the boys love this game keeps them entertained for a while . great buy great price great xmas gift comes i . fast too
these hold up very well with little ones using them . they also are very safe and little ones don't get hurt when using them .
this was a gift for our grandson . he loves it ! you need a hard surface though for it to stay straight and stay while racing .
the kids in my daycare love these pizza's . they play pizza parlor a lot . it's a good way to learn fractions while having fun .
i can not wait til christmas morning when my grand daughter sees this gift under our tree for her . she will love it .
this works well and the grand-kids just love it . picture is small but effective . easy to use , and download to pc .
i used these for a 52 ways i love you craft for my boyfriend for valentine's . i loved the look of them !
cheap set , good for a beginner . okay deal for the price but you can get one just as good at the local dollar store .
this will go along with the bug vacuum that goes along with the safari jacket . i think that this will complement the whole outfit and other instruments .
made to last ! durable and my son loves it ! you can't go wrong with these green toys ! great price too .
grandson love these he uses these everyday takes out side to play hard to use out side in wind and orderd from more for other grandson
my daughter loves these - the paint does chip , so a teething child might not be ready for these .
the slip in sheets are wonderful for working on different writing skills.the board cleans easily enough and my daughter loves to work with this .
boys love nerf so there is not much to say , its fun , and any little boy will love it . recommended .
cute game with good quality tiles . the little case it comes in has a pretty sturdy zipper . for the price i recommend it for a birthday present .
my daughter loves this . the hair dryer really turns on ! they are the perfect size for little hands and the carrying bag is the perfect accessory .
smaller than i thought , my own fault for not reading the sizeit still worked fine and my 2 year old granddaughter was happy
this set is actually of things you can see in daily life at the airport.my seven year old grandson enjoys it and is constantly building and rebuildingdifferent set ups .
her name says it all . her cape is awesome and colorful . her goggles are extreme . i think this will be my doll .
my grandsons loved this train and track set . i bought two of them so they had one at home and one at grammy's house .
this was a very cute gift for my granddaughter and she loves it . it is perfect for girls 3 - 6 years old ...
bought with my az xmas order for my gd . she likes to watch chica show so this was great xmas gift for her , very nicely made .
my son is 4 and absolutely loved this . we have had it for 3 months and his arm just broke off . poor quality !
my daughter just loves legos . so nice to see them in a pink box.hours of quiet fun for the kids .
nice size " beads " are easy for a young child to hold . bright colors . numbers add to the educational aspect of the toy .
perfect . the detail is razor sharp . looks like a movie prop . very satisfied . it's one of the best looking figures in my collection .
very cute educational toy for toddlers ! my son loves this toy ! seems pretty well made and will last a long time .
easy to use and fun for many ages . my four year old enjoys it . quality item . i will be buying these as gifts .
i bought this for my grandson for christmas to go with his other presents . he loved it . it arrived promtly and was packaged well .
my grandkid loves it . i bought this as an add-on to the disney princess castle . fisher-price is always a trusted buy for me .
good quality as with all m & d products . vivid colors and easy for little ones to pull out the different puzzles . recommend it .
the press sticker by number series provides great results . my child loves it and the kit is easy to work with
it really is not that sturdy and really flimsy . it seems cheaply made and not really durable . could have been made better
can't complain about the product.love all of crayolas products.that was the main reason why i purchase art material ... crayola .
this was delivered quickly and efficiently . my daughter was so happy to receive this on her birthday ! legos are a real favorite in our home .
kids love these things . you get 10 in one order so theres always enough to share . good for in the car or quiet time anywhere .
i purchased this card , worth $ 20 , for $ 15 , so my daughter got an extra $ 5 worth of apps for her leappad explorer .
i got this game as a present and the reaction was not so great even after playing it .. too much luck involved
i bought this to carry my rings on for my wedding and its just like the picture . this is a must buy for the mario fans out there .
this game is fantastic . i would suggest splurging and getting all of the expansion packs . it's a ton of fun and not for the easily offended .
my son loves his phone he will talk to his papa and nana constintly . thank you for offering this wonderful phone
what kid doesn't love birthday parties ? great idea , so cute and fun for any kid . i would love this if i were a kid .
bought this for my grandson's 6th birthday and he loved it . and his dad too . they both played for hours .
got this for my batman loving 3 year old . cute addition , works fine . my son did not really play with the little penguins it came with
3 yr old grabbed cars plus some smaller hot wheels , happily raced them for a long time by self and with others .
son loved it he launches rocks , dirt , marbles and all sorts of other things with this . he is all boy and loves this n
amazing detail and excellent quality ! ! easily movable parts and extremely detailed ! ! definitely recommend to any teenage mutant ninja turtle fan ! !
i felt that it should be bigger . but not . it is a little small . but its appearance is good . i like it
this set is so cute , and so well made . i got it for my sons and it isn't too girly at all .
cute game , great for kids too young to play scrabble and you don't have to keep score . it is fun and easy to carry .
definitely opened our minds to untapped potential ! what a great program ! ! ! i even had my kids listen to it ! ! highly recommend !
these are the perfect size and really hard to find . the kids love finding new things to balance them on .
my grandchildren loves this toy . worth the money that was spent on it . it's a keeper . it's a keeper . it's a keeper .
love this truck , it is so lifelike . i woudn't expect anything less from melissa and doug as they always have high quality life like items .
gift for grandson and he was delighted . immediately began assembling his lego droids .
fyi : if you don't want to overpay , you can go to shop.mattel dot com and get this set for $ 75 .
this is fun and exciting for kids to play with . kind of the same concept of the old " operation " game
built just like all the other monster high dolls . my daughter loves them all . love this line of dolls for their originality
make sure you get the charger because it eats batteries ! greay buy , my daughter loves it and plays it constantly .
james gets stuck under this bridge . the construction is a bit troublesome as the two side pieces sometimes get disconnected . just not a great design .
my son says the water doesn't always fill the tube when he is trying to shoot , but he does still enjoy playing with it .
this was a gift for my godson for christmas . he loves little people . i got a super deal on it
so they are a little pricey ... totally worth it to me . my kiddo loves them and our lego guys needed extra lightsabers ! ! !
this has lots of buttons and lots of different areas to play with . my 18 month old grandson loves it . very entertaining .
all kids love this . they ride it forward and backward and they even like to push each other on it . works best on very smooth surfaces
this thomas turntable has allowed my grandson to expand his train yard in many directions . all thomas products are quality and release creative ideas in children .
ha ha , great game and a classic for family fun night . all parts where there and package was in perfect condition .
these are really strong magnets which prevent a lot of the frustration you may have experienced with other sets . the darts actually stay on the board !
daughter loves it . great cup after sippy cups . it seems well made and i havent had any issues yet . like the design too
this is a good toy , the cd explains step by step every magic trick and they are easy to understand
this was her favorite for it is scooby doo lol ... it is a good thing for kids to help read and it is enjoyable as well
we returned this as it feel apart in less than an hour and it was mpossible to reassmle properly . a
big box with not much in it , and the lid does not stay clipped so , it is frustrating , the bottom falls off to easily
very soft plush doll . the hat is big and takes up most of his body . but very soft and my kids love it !
great kit , great price , i love the colors and the case is great , i will be back to get more , my whole family lives it
i think alot of the young kidos need to challenge their minds a little more other than the computer .. this does the job
totally got my money's worth . great quality ... this thing is going to last longer than my life . totally recommend it !
purchased this because of the reputation of the manufacturergood for a young child to learn to writevery happy
got these for my 5 year old niece to go with the nightgown and robe i had made for her american girl doll
excellent presentation , packaging . also as collector's item , highly detailed and adequate size . i recommend it for collectors of transformers g1 .
cute little beginner set and probably reminds me most of the original minnie mouse because of the red polka dot dress that also comes with it .
i bought this for my great niece for a christmas present because i think she is a little princess and i wanted her to have her castle .
my older children have enjoyed this toy and still continues to enjoy it to this day . i have seen many creations come from this bin .
grandson loves it havent seen it in person but as long as he loves it i am happy . sure is cute
my son bought this set with his own money and he said it was really fun to play with . thanks !
the babies really like this musical toy . they climb on it , turn it over , make musice with it , etc and it just keeps going .
it is ok , bought for 6 year old who loves science , not as fun as expected .
this expansion was well liked by all of us so it is permanently part of the bag of tiles . we never play without this .
i got these weebles for my daughter's easter basket . they're so bright & cute ! she loves them , as she loves all weebles !
my son loves it . th shellraiser appears to be a well-made product that will hold up well to play with my 8 yo .
thank so much , this item is very good hora loca party , delivery and price is good .. excellent product i need price 144 pz
this is an truly an excellent toy as it runs on carpeted floors ! our 7 month old loves scooting after it .
they like their phone they get to learn different sound and they get to learn mommy and daddy number and other family member number and important number as well .
the kids loved this and played with it a long time . good quality made with great colors . items look realistic and fun to play with .
are essential for tall and big creations . must have accessories for the lego lunatics , like my son ! it is highly recommended ! !
arrived in a timely fashion . the perfect gift for kids ( of all ages ) that enjoy building . easy to follow directions for every contraption .
heavy duty , easy to grip , no useless paper labels , vibrant colors . recommend for heavy-handed toddlers who break ordinary crayons ; these are durable !
cute addition to other thomas tank items but music is very quiet and difficult to hear even with brand new battery
it's cheap and my son got a kick out of it for awhile , but did we really need it . not really .
it's great . easy to put together and easy to rotate / turn the table . my one year old likes to climb on top of it .
i boughts these for my grandaughter , she loves all the monster high line of dolls . thes toys are well made .
my 7 year old grandson plays this game in school and requested it for christmas . it is currently one of his favorite games .
vould be a little sturdier but a great gift for a toddler fixated on hot wheels cars . he really loves it .
anything from jake and the never land pirates would be a big hit ! he loved it and imediately started to play with them .
my husband loved this figure . the details are precise and the character is completely recognizable which can be hard to come by . overall he was elated .
the kids love this game especially my little ones . very easy to hit the target . the balls stick nicely and come off quickly .
these medals are fine if you need to buy a large quantity of inexpensive medals to give out to a large group . dont expect anything else
i love the feel , the looks , and the size of this precious mickey stuffed toy . it was a perfect gift for my small child at christmas .
we play this for hours . i bought a second set for my nephew in texas . it is a blast . we laugh a lot playing this game .
always playing friends ' sets , had to get my own . also have the first three expansion sets and the bigger blacker box .
didn't expect them to be such small items but are a collection for my grandson who likes everything related to these beasts . arrived quickly .
these fit my son perfectly . always tough to gauge the size when it gives a range like these but they are perfect .
if you haven't played settlers of catan you must ! it is by far the best game i've come across in decades . i can't recommend it enough .
this is so cute and fun , but not something that holds one's attention for any length of time .
game board looks awesome especially if your a charlie brown fan but the game rules aredefinitely a little complicated especially if its supposed to be for kids .
when investors don't touch something there's a reason . no fabric pieces . fake ratings . probably paid people to rate the product .
arrived on time good shape stretches far and leaves lots of space for play they played for hours this game
our little princess loves this playset . tons of imagination play value , and we all lived happily ever after ! the end
love it love it love it love it so much.thanks a million for helping my husband have a smile on his face . camera works well
we are part of the itty bitty boo craze . this stuffed animal was a perfect addition for my 6 years birthday . super sweet face , well made .
this keeps the little ones away from the 3 x 3 cube and avoids a lot of frustration while still giving them a challenge .
my son was not interested in this toy at all . he pretends a lot and i thought he would like it .
my son loves the walking dead and we purchased four of these figurines over the last month . they are extremely well made .
wonderful learning toy.grand daughter loved it . i have dealt with amazon many times in the past and will continue thay never let you down.great service fast shippin.the best.thanx
you can barely see the color of each because they are so tiny and are packed in a zip lock bag .
christmas gift for my grandson . i'm sure it is a great lego because they are great toys.been buying them for over 40 years
very nice full brushes for young children to paint , especially for easel painting . well worth the investment . i need to buy another set .
our grandsons both got one of these .. if your child loves cars they will like this toy .. good for the imagination .. i would recommend this toy ..
i bought this for my 8 yr . old grandaughter who loves to play cards . it is a welcome addition to our card fun .
this is a great travel companion for any little boy that loves his cars - great for parents who always need to bring something along
this will be a great toy to begin the christmas season for my grandchildren . this will help them understand the meaning of christmas .
this is a huge hulk ! ! i love it ! ! i hope my son loves it too ! ! ! 100 % recommended ! buy it ! :)
my 4 and 6 year olds can play this . the game goes quick but it is fun . great to teach visual discrimination for young kids .
this fisher price little people sail n float boat completed our grandson's hat trick with the loader and dump truck . fisher price is always a go-to choice .
learning resources pretend & play dish set is a good match for my 3 year old play food set and cooking set
this is a wonderful product for my two year old . she loves playing it . it's amazing to see how she is able to control the remote .
how can you go wrong with a toy that helps them use their minds and many hours off happy time.my grandson loved it very much
this game is a little tricky for my 4 year old . i thought he would love it as its cars but he just doesn't seem interested .
the product came as expected . on time and packaged well . of the 4 weapons , this one seems to be the most durable and well made .
i've tried many different types of bubbles and these by far are the best . the kids think they are great and they make sone huge bubbles .
our kids got this for christmas and it has been a hit . uses aa batteries quickly so i would recommend the recharging kit or the ac adapter .
my granddaughters love sorting the items in the little crates . they are learning the different food groups . very happy with this set .
6 year old had such a fun time creating this personalized purse . it's easy to create and encourages cognition . the jewels are sticky .
this is a fun game , maybe a little young for our grandson who just turned 4 , colorful and well made .
like the puzzle , just wish that the numbers had pegs to take them out and put them back in their spots .
kids love it ! fun for even the littlest super hero fan , bought it for my 3 year old nephews birthday , he was thrilled !
it's a chalk eraser . it erases nicely and has lasted over a year without any problems . anything melissa & doug is great quality .
love this ! great for building larger houses and scenes . its a little thinner than the smaller sets , but still does great .
got these for a 3 year old ... the bugs are well made , nicely painted , brightly colored and sturdy plastic . he loooooved them .
these must be so much fun for little girls . my granddaughter will be very pleased with hers . there a great addition to the books and dvd .
this is another toy i bought for my granson for christmas , if i love it he will also , thank you !
our son loves his buzz lightyear toy ! it's just like the one in the movie !
the youngest member of the crew was very happy with his new toy . lots of bright colors and neat new shapes
one of the favorites ! looks cool and feels like a snoper rifle . one of the forst ones to get picked when playing nerf
i bought this for my 2 yr old nephew . he loves trucks and tractors . i was pleased with the durability of this product .
love , love , love this advent calendar so much ! our daughter has been having a blast opening a door each day to find something new !
my family loves this board game and now we are purchasing the expansion sets . fun and easy to play with the whole family .
we got this doll for our 7 month old great-granddaughter . it's so cute and smells so good . flower is just perfect for little hands to love
though my daughter managed to lose all the pieces , this is a great first doll for any female child . xx
certainly not for any one under 14 . does not operate like instruction said . this was a total waste of money .
fun and easy for travel . love this throwback game and introducing kids to it . great for critical thinking and strategy . this game still makes me jump !
the fire actually looks like it is burning , goes great with the tent and camping supplies i bought for my grandsons
i bought these for sand tray therapy . these snakes have great color and " expression " if you will . appear to be durable .
i got this for a 1 yr old little girl for christmas . so soft and cuddly . she will love it !
great boards to build your legos on ! large enough but not to big ! at least you can move it with out crashing it
so glad i got these cards , they are just beautiful ... these are very well made cards . who ever designed these cards did a nice job :)
this pool has been very helpful on days when my daughter and i don't make it to the public pool to swim but it is starting to stretch out .
he loved it ! the little critter is absolutely adorable-huggable and just the right size for a preschooler . he can carry it around easily .
great price for a lego product . prompt delivery . perfect condition.brand new item . my son loves tacos so this figure was ideal .
this was a gift for a grandchild and they were exicited to get this . now all the grandchildren have one and there is water fun at their household .
my students at school loved these pens . they are considered " fun " pens when they can write in their journals . awesome !
my son considers himself the beyblade master . he love this beyblade . the only challenge was that the directions weren't in english .
i bought this kite because of the great reviews but i was not able to try it just yet . i will update my review later on .
my son loves legos . we tend to stick with lego because they're good quality and you get your money's worth .
for a sweet and girlie toddler , who prances about with the world on a string , this little purse and contents can travel lightly on all her adventures !
super cute and very soft and cuddly , i got both my kids one of these and they love them ! :-)
very , very cute . only wish they had their own covered box or bag to store them in . otherwise they are perfect .
the accessories don't stay well in the shelves . it's very cute , and great in theory , but doesn't hold up to real world play .
portable , educational , simple , and great for all ages ! can it get any better ? ! i would recommend to anyone looking for a quick casual game
this is a nice , sturdy easel . as with all m & d toys , it's solid wood . beautifully made and the kids love it !
so much fun to play with my 2 year old . he loves finding , and matching , the animals . it's a great game .
my husband and grandson play race car with this truck it makes great sounds , and keeps them busy for along time
its a plug for the leapster and it does it's job . it charges the game system so my daughter can play it .
kids love it . they've been playing with it since it arrived about 4 hours ago . has a few small parts that i can foresee being lost
this set was perfect for my 5 year old twins . the instructions are chunked appropriately for younger children to be able to build this on their own .
this is such a fun game . we love it . kids from age 10-26 and then us parents ... we all have a blast ! ~
my son loves this flashlight ! he uses it every night and every naptime to help him go to sleep . it is a great little toy for kids .
i bought these balloons for my preschool class to play with . they are smaller than i imagined but that's perfect for little hands .
my grandson loves this castle . he can carry it anywhere . he especially likes the hidden passage ways and doors and bridges that open and close .
came in as promised and were really cool looking ! my son like them and were used on a birthday cake
these are small for sure , but the playset was adorable . my nephew loved it and the little cards were just adorable !
bought 2 , 1 broke right away . waste of money as cards are boringly repetitive . kids learn quick then want to move on so save your money .
my youngest granddaughter likes to take her cart to the supermarket when shops with her mommy . the cart is very sturdy and well worth the price i paid .
tons of fun . hours of play time . well made and not too expensive . made a great b-day gift for our son
my kids and husband have had a blast with this game seemed cheap at first but it has gotten tons of play time already worth the purchase
bought as a christmas present and the little girl absolutely loved it . for any lala fan , this is a good one !
these balloons were great . very bright blue and large enough . made for a great party addition for our son's first birthday party .
these fisher-price little people disney klip klop dolls are just adorable . we have the whole set and it brings hours of fun .
great doll . just what son wanted and he is so excited to have dolls that are what they said they would be .
i really wish i went with the deluxe version to get the playing pieces and game board , but still a lot of laughs
this set is too cute ! my grandson is going to love it . it has such nice detail is a nice size for an adventure .
as soon as i got smoky , i held him to my chest . then i put him on my bed . he is the best stuffed animal i own
the tiny car that comes with the truck seems to hold our 1 - year-old's attention , but the truck is largely ignored .
arrived on time . not expensive but had to be put together . small parts . the magnet on the doors don't close fully but works ok
good quality , good toy . daughter and mom are glad , what else do u need ? :) even my cat plays with it , gnaws rod :)
this is a large stuffed animal , very soft and cuddly , and is exactly as pictured . good value for the money due to its size .
my grandchildren totally loved these and didn't want to do anything else until they had each finished their mosaic . they turned out very nice--worth framing .
we like to pay with our younger grand children with this game . we all love it and i would recommend it
gave this to my 10 yr . old grandson for christmas and he loved it . couldn't wait to open the box and put it together .
stable and durable . good for kids not so much adults unless u are very bad with toys lol.good quality and still fun
very flimsy and don't expect it to hold up well . was hoping to have better product , but this thin plastic is not gonna last long
my daughters and husband have tinkered around a bit with this and so far they've loved it . a great educational toy , albeit pricey .
these are nice sturdy action figures that fit on the imaginext bat cave . great buy with free shipping . our son loves them when he can find them .
well it's not as big as the picture shows ! but it is a fisher price and most of the time you can't go wrong with durability !
these sturdy , chubby-handled brushes are ideal for our toddler grandson . he can make big broad strokes and the bristles hold up to his less-than-delicate painting technique !
i bought this item as a gift for my grandchild . he loved it . he got it on time for his birthday .
so cute and soft ! do i have to give it up ? ! ! ! ? ? ? my grandson will love it as much as i do !
this litte doll is probably the cutest of them all . great with all the little pony girls and the little movie !
nice minion ! the bad thing about it is the paint ! after 5 or 10 minutes of game , touch , or maybe standing gets chipped
resembles the real deal pretty much ; the eyes are made of fabric unlike certain others which are made of plastic and have a potential to crack and break .
got this for one of my grandchildren , never any problems , like he had be operating it forever . better than walmart and radio shack brands .
this has made it threw 2 kids and still looks brand new ! it has bright colors so it's fun and inviting . great for teething babies .
yet another fabulous addition to my granddaughter's collection ! can't wait for christmas ! this is one that she has been looking for ! !
my toddlers love these . they're a great size , super sturdy , colorful , and nicely detailed . i wish they made more in different dinosaurs .
i bought these for some swag for geocaching . they are small , perfect for the smaller caches were most swag doesn't fit .
my son loves this tunnel . it fits great on his thomas brand as well as off brand track . it was bigger than i expected .
my lil gal liked these cards so my review is 5 stars . if shes happy , im happy .
i gave this to my granddaughter for her birthday and although she received many presents , alphie was the one that generated the most excitement for her .
needed this to go with the leappad , would suggest this to anyone who is purchasing the leappad . keeps the kids happy
this toy is not worth it there isnt much to do , the music is annoying and some stuff she cant even do its to hard
the description for this product said for all ages , but it would be better for ages 8 and up i think .
the " blokus " games have been some of our favorite . my wife and i loved playing and this " duo " game is perfect for us .
it's educational and only a little annoying . my 3 year old likes to push it and doesn't seem too interested in pulling the string around .
it is a good today . will help the kids development on shapes . it is a toy a kid needs to have .
my little helper needed some yard tools more toward his size - he's 2.he loves these , and they've held up very well .
these little buddies are great toys ! my son is 10 months old and loves them ! he chews on them a lot too !
very protective without being too bulky . the leappad fits perfectly in it and has protected it thru a few drops .
great plastic used , not cheap one . no sharp edges , it gets dry very quickly . great to use at the pool or at the beach .
this carrier is perfect for the doll and it also holds the clothes . these are hard to find and this is so cute
never disappointed with melissa and doug , this is great quality ... a few cardboard food.boxes thay will.be destroyed but that's to be expected with any play.food purchases
i purchased this for my 2 yr old niece and she loves it . her mom told me that it's one of her favorite christmas gifts .
good in general . paper pulls off of letters . not really toodler friendly . box they came in was a nice wooden box that holds everything well .
i gave this as a gift to a big wrestling fan . it's what he asked for and he loved it .
my daughter loves this game and i don't mind playing it with her . would make a great gift for all those pre-school birthday parties you get invited to .
mi hijo tiene casi toda la colección de lego ninjago y este coche es realmente muy bonito y versatil pues lo puede usar de dod diferentes maneras ! ! !
who wouldn't love a lego fire chief vehicle ? this was a gift for my grandson and was a great edition to his duplo collection .
the angry birds go deluxe mult-pack play set was fantastic . my grandson is getting this for christmas . i sure hope he likes it . thanks .
these are good quality toys - better than the ones sold as a whole group that don't move . they are not the clip it ones .
my daughter loves this outfit series , she has been playing with them non stop , thank you so much , very happy
this set is great ! my daughter pretends for a long time with these ! they are perfect for the young toddler .
huge ! ! the colors are so vibrant . this one balloon makes more of a statement than 20 spread out regular balloons .
this makes the game a little busy with so many people on the board ( even with a larger board ) but definitely a whole lot of fun !
this bright eyed colorful doll was a gift for my young granddaughter . she enjoys playing with dora ! she was surprised to learn that she talks too !
should be sold with a sharpener . these pencils are bigger than the regular pencil so you need a special sharpener .
fantastic product providing lots of fun for my one year old . she loves the music and different sounds . my three year old also enjoys the spanish setting .
i bought this set for play therapy , and you get a lot of band for your buck . my boys love these .
it sure makes me happy to see the delight and fun that my five year old grandson is having playing this game !
this toy is not only fun , it makes toddlers think about the various possibilities . i had as much fun as my 3 years old playing with it :)
shipped fast , item was packaged nicely and i would buy it again ! my daughter loves this toy and i would buy it again .
bought this for my 5 year for christmas .. its nice and sturdy and pretty easy to put together . . .
my son loves the tv show and what 3 year old doesn't like pirates hope he will love it for christmas
nice product , little girls will lose their minds over this one , but watch out fot the small parts . especially in your bare feet .
this is a wonderful toy for any preschooler . it's a great one to have on hand for a birthday gift ... my kids just love it .
i bought these for my daughter and she loved them . they break less than some of the others we have ordered . i would recommend these .
four new factions that only make the game better . get it . the included score counters are a nice inclusion as well .
bought this for my granddaughter for christmas and haven't played this for over 30 years . still having fun playing this game
gift is for christmas , for my grandson & granddaughter for the tub or kiddie pool . the love the octonauts they will be pleased
this is a great investment for your leappad . my boy dropped it almost right away in the driveway and had no damage to his leappad . awesome .
a gift for our 4 year old grandson who will surely enjoy his creative side . grampa knew our grandson would enjoy this toy .
kids had alot of fun with the car ... things could fit in the trunk and they really liked that the car was expandable .
i really like this unicorn . it is cute . i love the tail and little horn . it was a nice addition to my growing pillow pet family .
reasonably priced doll for the monster high fan . girls consider this " rare " so this item will make you a hero .
i didnt really like this product as it was nothing like the picture no ducks no coloring books no nothing .
my daughter-in-law was tickled to get these for my grandson to help him learn words while looking at pictures . bright colors and a variety of cards .
very enjoyable game for kids . we have fun playing this on game night with our daughter . we would recommend . cheaper here then at toysrus
this explorer's pack has poor quality , is made of plastic but not durable , i like the explorer bag but don't worth the price .
my daughter is going to love these . i bought these as extra band for the set i ordered her . thanks !
i can't keep my son off this . a must have . pushes so easy . this is easier than a stroller to manuever . lightweight !
my daughter bought these two with her christmas money . she loves monster high and these two did not disappoint . she has not set then done yet .
this is not to exciting , but it does the job . it holds our leappad and does what it is suppose to .
grandson loved it . no small pieces to worry about swallowing and a very well made toy . i recommend this toy for toddlers .
bought for 3 year old granddaughter fit was perfect , she wore them everywhere . great gift for the little princesses in our life .
just received this item , looks very promising to use ; checked out the working adjustments , very impressive , even moreso considering the net price !
my granddaughter loved this set ! arrived on time , and was a good christmas gift . have given this as a gift before and is well put together .
this was a gift for my nephew . he has played with it a lot and enjoys it . his mother was pleased with this gift .
we bought this a addition to my daughter's klip klop stable . couldn't have asked for anything better . she loves this toy !
this was a birthday gift for my grandson . it is what he wanted and he couldn't be happier . we'll see what he wants next year !
bought this for my seven year old nephew he loves it , great for the lego lovers – even if they are not star wars fans .
they don't glow unless you are right next to the light . they don't blow very well either . it was a waste of money
so cute . these are for my granddaughter and i know she is going to love them . thank you so much
ordered one of these gems for ea grandchild for easter basket suprise . they played with the etch a sketch for hours .
if you have children that likes monster high then buy this doll . my granddaughter plays with this doll all the time and loves it .
it's horrible , it's non-pc , and it's completely hilarious ! more of the same from the cah folks .
the grandkids were moving and did not have their toys with them so i sent this and was alot of fun till they got their toys .
thomas trains are great toys . toddlers seem to have so much fun when playing with these trains . must invest in more thomas ' trains .
my son loves this . he puts his toys in this little wagon as well . we love mega blocks . even my three year old plays with this .
what can you say about legos , they will be around forever and generation after generationwill love building with them
we played this during christmas day ! some liked it , some didn't but overall it was a big hit with the family .
my daughter likes zoobles so it was easy to select this gift pack because the price was reasonable . a must have ...
my daughter 7 likes this doll . the doll holds up well . it can get tossed around and wont get damaged easily
for a top like that , a satin tight would have pull off the entire outfit . even a silk tight would work too .
they entire family enjoys this game . it is just like trouble . mostly self contained . easy to play or take anywhere .
the toy was a big hit . he is a big superhero fan . loved being able to surprise him with this toy
the one way you you can get a clear , brigh view of the biggest , baddest federation ship in the new star trek timeline .
this came with a great selection of colors , nice quality , perfect size band for making bracelets.was great they came with clips too . a + thank you !
this is perfect for toddlers . its a very durable toy . my son loves to play with it and pretends to measure things .
this was a present for a 3 year old girl and she loved it and played with it for a year or two .
my son simply loves this lego set . for the stated price , you get 4 minifigures in the box.another great product from lego .
my son loves playing chess and the cool mario pieces make it even more enjoyable for them . much better than the chess set i had growing up .
i bought this to entertain my nephew and he loves it . the only drawback is the part where the hand fits is a bit too small .
this writing workbook teaches the abc's for young readers . i am thrilled to give thisfor a gift for my grandson .
my boy loves to play with this.he opened and closed and took magnet out and put it back and so on .
bey blades is a fun game for my grand son . it is a toy that his buddy and himself can enjoy .
this is very helpful to have a wall power source for completion of the many projects in the project book .
doesn't fit in the bicycle so make sure you have the right bike for it . i will save until i buy a better bike .
these are very small , but well worth the price . the kids loved the sticker books . i say go for it !
i bought these to add diversity to our dollhouse and they are doing the job nicely . good quality and holding up to hours of play !
my son adores it . however it is driving me crazy ! it's worth it though to see my kids laughing so hard .
i love this monkey . it is the perfect size for a little one to love on . it is super soft and cute ! !
fisher-price little people wheelers work well with play rugs . this was a good buy for my nephews . i'd buy these again .
comes with instructions and two colors of pens . very small box and well contained , great project for kids ages 6-7 and adults as well .
... in my daycare like these . even if one of the antennae fall off , it is simple to put back on .
my 2year old grandson loved this little school bus even with his many gifts at christmas . he loves the school bus song
my two sons love beyblade racing . they are in competitions in the basement all of the time . love the quality
this plush while beautiful , is a lot smaller then i thought it would be . the 14 " should specify length measurement .
you can use these animals as a party favor or decorate them on top of the cup cakes . kids love it !
only thing i dislike is being drawn into collecting , it can be costly for sure , but i still love them all and you will too
both of my girls love polly pocket and this has been a fixture on her wall since she received it . seems durable and she hasn't destroyed it yet .
my son loves it and it fit his train set perfectly ! gives him something extra to do with his trains .
i really can't rate this product as it was purchased for a kid , not for me . i just want this off my screen :)
i was pleased with these decorations . there were more in the package then i thought , so the cabin was perfectly decorated for the party !
what's really to say ? it's uno ! it's a great family game that most ages can understand and play . it's fun for everyone !
i love this game ! i play this all the time . soo much fun ! highly recommend it ! it's fun to play with 2 or 4 players .
every doll needs little panties they were do cute and well made had a little lace on them very nice
bought this as a gift for christmas . it was a great price . very cute and i would highly recommend to anyone .
doesn't fit good . i understand now why the price was so cheap . you get what you pay for . great idea just didn't work too good .
educational for babies , toddlers & older kids . i run a daycare & everyone loves to play with this set together . awesome buy ! !
the sticks are not wood they are plastic that bends within minutes of opening the box . this was useless withing a few hours after opening the box .
the plastic is durable and looks like the real thing . my daughter loves to play with it , and that was the reason we got it .
im 5 ' 4 ' ' and 120 lbs and it is too small for me . looks cute and seems to be made good .
it really helps tho spark the imagination for our little man . he can also play with another person which is helpful .
these make great party favors for kids . my kids play with these all the time . the batteries seem to last forever .
so many pieces to choose from ! alot of things we can build . but only part that sucks is that theres no big pieces
we have washed and used this time and time again my girls love it especially since they are quite the artists .
my 3 year old and i love to play this game . i love simple games that don't take batteries and this is one of them .
these were great for my kids bday party , since we did jake and the neverland pirates fit well with everything kids had fun
fun product , but it is very small and has small parts , so it breaks easily . good thing it's fairly inexpensive .
perfect for 2 year-olds . they use these every day and bring them in the car and in their bed ... great buy .
there are a lot of temporary tattoos here for such a reasonable price . they were a big hit at a bug-themed birthday party .
big hit with my two year old niece , she has no trouble setting up the horses and getting them to move .
the seller was excellent . the product was just as described , but the helicopter for wich i bought this replacements is not so good and keeps breaking .
the children in our family will enjoy using this bell in our family rhythm band . it is very sturdy and has a good tone .
the cars are the best for the neo track but also on their own . they are very good and easy to operate . the best cars ever .
it's a fun talking dinosaur . our grandson enjoys playing with it . he has spent many hours with it . his friends like it , too .
my girls love this car . easy to use and have had no problems with it , at all . seems durable , and it doesn't eat thru batteries .
i purchased this for my niece last christmas . she is still using it along with my son . great for the price !
my son does not watch yo gabba gabba , but loves this muno stuffy ... he calls him orange guy . it is well made , colorful and adorable .
my ten year old loves these legos . they are fun to put together and live up to the lego reputation
this is a really fun table for toddlers . my 18 month old grandson loves it . easy to put together . just perfect .
picked up this one , but switched out her hair , gave her the librarian book and cup of tea and walla ... me . just right .
apparently she was wearing it the following day and following week . her mother said she pretty much figured it out all by herself .
my granddaughter's love to draw and i'm sure this will inspire them . i want to get them into watercolors . great product !
they were larger than i expected and good sturdy quality . i would say a little expensive for what they were .
i bought this for my 1 year old . with the humming noise it makes and fast spinning , it brings out lots of smiles ! timeless toy !
grandaughter just loves her lil pony things she cant seem to get enough and she inter acts with them and makes up her own script too
i bought this as a gift so i haven't tried it but it did arrive quickly and it seems my grandson will enjoy it .
all the expansions are needed to really get the best value from the game itself . it is ( horrifyingly ) fun for the whole family .
my twelve year old grandson loved this gift . he still enjoys building with legos and was anxious to start on this set .
haven'r seen little cars like these in a while ! good quality and fast shipping too
these were a much funner way to practice sight words unfortunately due to it's nature we have lost several pieces .
my friend bought this for her two girls and they love it ! it is perfect for all of their little babies to go around in !
our great graandson loves the games and the challenge . he plays with it non stop all day long . great for him
story cubes are great for family game night or for car trips . they are educational while being fun . great for use in classrooms ! ! !
cute . great quality . what little kid wouldn't like olaf from frozen right now ?
bought as a gift for my granddaughter who is a big bang theory fan . she loved it-made her laugh out loud .
it really help with getting the attention and keepin them focus . good learing toy for infants . makes good early learning tools for the little ones
my gr.dtr.also likes this puzzle , she loves animals.she spends a lot of time putting the pieces in and saying the sounds each animal makes .
this is so cute bought for our grandson would recomend this to my family with boys 2 and up who are scared of the dark .
great for toddlers little fingers to sort and learn colors . also great for teaching young kids visual math .
this is the perfect toy for a two year old ... easy to grasp and play with for his tiny hands . very fun ! and , it's red !
i bought this doll for my cousin and she loved it . the head is hard and the body is soft . she was very pleased with it .
i have a water loving grandson who loves bubble guppies . now he can enjoy his baths and hand washings with his buddies .
these were ordered for my grand daughter that is turning two this month and my other grand daughter opened it to play with them
this works great my grand kide use it and can tie most on the ones they fill and it gives my a break
giant piano matlike the movie bigmy 3yr old loves music & he loves this toy .. actually the whole family is using it
daughter loved . the good quality rubber bands . my 11 year old is obsessed with rainbow loom . she likes these alot
plays like a roleplaying game but really fun at parties . i really enjoyed playing with my friends and family . really good buy .
i bought this for my nephew for christmas because my son loves his farm so much that i knew i couldn't go wrong ! !
these remote control cars are a major disappointment . wish i would have read more about them before wasting the money .
make it tougher to complete - 216 pieces is not enough . following the numbers is too mechanical and automatic and boring .
this is a great little fun . you can use aa batteries with paper cushioning . a fun little toy when you are frustrated .
got this for my granddaughter's first birthday and it was a hit for sure . she loves the way the pony sings !
very easy to use . so helpful for young child to hold multiple cards & be able to see . well made
got this for my friends son for his first b day . he loved it ! i also got him the dinosaur book to go with it .
lots of little pieces . hate little pieces . daughter scatters them all over . i can't wait to throw this away . its a toy
my son's absolute favorite toy . he got it when he was 18 months and he loves to take it everywhere .
seems to always get use out of it . perfect height for 3 year olds . easy to get on and off with the cover .
great coloring pads . nice variety of pictures to color . excellent quality paper . easy to remove from the pad . highly recommend .
i played this game with my 6 year old nephew and it was awesome the 1st few times but then he got bored . nothing out of this world .
this is so cute i would collect them myself but it's more fun buying it for my grandchildren . it's very affordable and the quality is great .
a 5 got the collection for my baby grand and she loves them so happy baby and me too , and hope i can get her more
this car is bigger and cuter than the roadster . bought it for my daughter for christmas . she loved it ! it's a sturdy car for play too !
this game is my 4 year old daughters favourite ! ! she just keeps playing it over and over again and she learns as she plays .
my grandson will love this . he is autistic and is high functioning and loves to be challenged . this will be something he really likes .
my 6 yr old son loves minecraft . if he could , he would play all day long . it's one of his favorite games .
great addition to the castle . only with that melissa and doug offered more furniture options for the castle and a horse and carriage .
my grand daughter and i like this and we spend time doing the coloring . this is a big hit with both of us !
i recently remodeled a bedroom for my grandkids . it is a cat in the hat room . these stuffed animals finished the look so well .
this is a very durable balance bar , eventually you will have to replace it , this is exact fit !
i was very pleased that this was delivered quickly and efficiently . great game ! we got a lot of laughs out of playing game !
i bought this for my grandson and he loved it . kept him busy and he is still playing with it frequently five months after christmas .
using this product with water couldn't be simpler ! there's no mess and can be so creative . i loved ordering the extra acccessories .
christmas gift for grandson.no complaints , loves nerf guns , he didn't have this model.why do we have to use so many words
my grandkids love this stuff and this brand of toy . they have a lot of them and they're durable and hold up to the way they play .
these are good , nothing on them is permanent the srings can slip off but slip right back on and the same for the foam tops .
my husband has been getting into speed cubing and this was one of the first speed cubes that he purchased . he has been very happy with it !
just as good as the rainbow set and you save a couple dollars . these are such a hit right now in the tween scene !
i drive a lot with my daughter and when i am not near my house she needs her leappad charged now and then . great item .
it's a great idea but there really isn't a good way to store the pen . we will have to buy another one in order to use this again .
cute for train themed party . has adjustable snaps in the back so it fits various sizes . great as a party favor .
i ordered this as a gift for a 6 year old girl , and she loved it . i would buy this product again .
requested and received these as a gift . our 14 - month old loves them . they are so pretty and engaging . happy to have them .
a crappy cardboard ghost of the original . hard to believe they did this , but they did . shame on hasbro . disgusting .
sturdy , strong and colorful . these bands work great . very few " bad " bands in the bag . i love working with these .
this rhino is by far the most realistic rhino in the market . is awesome looking well sculpted and one badass figured to any collector to own .
i got this for my teenager for a sleepover party . they had a great time playing . she's 13 and everyone really enjoyed it .
my children had this and now my grandson does . grandbaby loves it and it teaches color and size . plus they are washable .
i purchased this for my grandson for christmas and he loves anything jake and the neverland pirates . he loves playing in the tub
sea monkeys , what is there to say ... you follow the steps and you have fun little shrimp swimming in their container .
i got all theses fitgits.they are fun for a little while.like said before after a while its all repeted ... i got mine when they were 15.00 at walmart .
my grandchild loves this toy and it was one of the best gifts i have ever bought . very durable and child loves playing with it .
it is a little confusing to use at first . we will try to use it again and reread the directions .
this is full of all kinds of craft projects to do . grandson had a blast and still uses after many months
i gave this as a christmas gift to a grandaughter who has a pet chihuahua and she was tickled with it . just so cute .
what a cute outfit , from the fuzzy boots to the top , pants and cute vest . my grand daughter loves it all
and incredibly hard to fill . i was afraid the lids wouldn't stay on but they did . you practically need a funnel to fill them .
a huge hit with my 6 yr old . very cute and soft little schnauzer webkin .
this is a really cool toy . my grandson was a little scared of it actually at first but super cool .
lego ninjago's rock and they looked really good on my boys birthday cake . colourful , exactly as pictured . i am very happy with this transaction
when i was a kid i had this game so i got it for my kids and it is a hit . very interactive and fun for hours !
this is the best added piece of the set . with all the turtles , splinter and shredder , i had no choice ! this is great !
grandaughter had been looking in the store for this doll and we could not find her . she helped find her on your site and was very happy .
since our daughters name is olivia , she really likes this game . loves the cartoon also . she learns alot of things from this game .
grandkids love it and makes it more fun to come to our house ! great buy for little ones who enjoy the tub !
both my boys love this toy ! apparently they both need to have their own , one is not good enough . great toy for kids !
happy i bought because it goes well with my other madame alexander dolls i have . the quality is great . style is wonderful .
nice addition to the little grand-daughters play kitchen set . very durable also . still in great condition after lots of playing by two little girls .
the way it chimes is cute , and my 2 year old really enjoys pushing this thing around . would buy again .
purchased for my daughters american girl doll , cute outfit , she was happy and prices were very good compared to ag stors .
this is just what i thought it would be . i purchased the large beads for my daughter to practice her fine motor skills with lacing .
every child needs one of these iconic toys . it was a christmas gift and i was happy to deliver to my nephew .
i bought this for my 2 year old grandson.he playscwith this every day.this toy will provide the child with hours and hours of fun using their imagination .
chica is wonderful ! this is very soft , very cute . only thing that would improve it is to have a squeaker that actually sounded like chica .
these learning toys from leap frog are the best for all ages . they learn so much and so fast , amazing . thanx !
cute play food for pretend grocery shopping with your pretend grocery cart . it's cute and , y niece loves it . it's pretend .
my grand daughter loves this baby doll . the special smell is an added plus . she is very soft and a great sleeping baby to take to bed .
my daughter is so excited that her american girl doll has such cute panties ! ! they are surprisingly made very well and fit her doll perfectly !
i purchased this for my two year old and she loves the lights and music . and catching theb alls and putting them back .
great color themes for the ghoulia style and more glassses . red , black and cherries ! fun to change out you favorite ghoulia for a new look .
cute engine that my 3 year old son likes , but doesn't love or use that much . overall , i would rank it as just ok .
they are adorable but can't compete with the larger size dolls . i usually play with them and i am 65 !
this is good toy for kids to begin learning about not only clocks , but also shapes , order of numbers etc .
this was exactly as promised . there's not too much to write about bubble refill . it works . it was a good value .
" jack " doesn't pop up after only a few weeks of owning it . don't waste your money .
my baby loves this teether . it really relieves the anxiety my son has to bite on things . i would recommend this toy for your little one .
my 12 year old liked them about as much as expected . she placed them on her things around the room . would buy again .
this toy is so greateasy to touch it , my son can learn new worlds and he loves it and he dance with the songs
kids like these for the blinking lights so guess it's all good . ordered 12 and 11 worked but will live with it
this is probably our favourite monster high doll due to her cool hair and movie maker accessories . hair still looks new after some serious playing .
great toy for my 17 month old . she loves pulling it around and building things . highly recommend for kids 12 months and older .
what a great price .. great amount .. they fit a little bigger than the rainbow loom ones . but they still work great ! !
not sure what the background is about these dolls but granddaughters wanted them . easy to change from normal doll to clawdeen wolf.looks just like pictures .
this thing is really neat . well made , my nieces have dropped it a few times and it is still in one piece .
my 9 year old loved this ! ! ! she absolutely loved making these ! ! ! great gift idea ! ! ! perfect !
i love the color wonder markers . this is a cute set , and my 2.5 year old is wild about it .
my son and his girl cousin completely ignore this toy ( and have for months ) . disappointed , cuz i thought it was really cute !
this is a great game . i even was playing it and getting excited . its great educational and lots of fun too .
the other reviews sum up this toy nicely , however it is $ 139.99 at toys r us .
my son loves grilling up a plastic burger for mom at dinner time . great toy and the velcro makes it easy for him to assemble the burger .
my daughter is very much a girly girl and was so excited to see that lego had decided to make girly legos she loves these
i love this set . my kids just love playing with playdough , they really enjoy making the pizza . its very easy to use
we played this all day and everyone made their own plate . my advise is to order more than one ! ! ! fun ! ! !
my son loves the walking dead show . these toys are well made and he seemed to like to play with them .
this is a perfect first shapes puzzle ! i love the quality as well . perfect for a toddler just learning shapes and working with puzzles .
who doesn't love the little green mario friend . good quality and soft for the kids to use all the time
stickers are small , but for us it was the perfect size to use for our need / purpose of purchase . great value !
easy to do , but still takes maneuvering for a child who has fine motor issues . cute puzzle , good colors . holds up to several attempts .
i returned this bc it was really small . the pictures make it look really big . it is not . otherwise , cute , but very small .
my son loves to push this around and hear the music . he got it at 12 - months and still uses it at 15 - months .
this kit is great for kids who are 5 years old . even though it is the simplest things , it is magical to them .
niece loves this . very cute and fun to okay with . came in box new and in great shape . love it
my grandson wanted this crazy bird , and it is just what we ordered ! it seems to be well made and came shipped in a good box .
bought it for a one year old and all the kids were playing with it . maybe it's the hammer . it worlds .
got these for my classroom prize box . they are a huge hit with my students ! very fun and seem to be well made .
love these ! ! ! my grandkids love playing with these . love the little squares because they always want another one to color ! ! :)
exactly as specified in description . same size as the rest of the set , and looks like yoshi ! not sure what else to say
bought az xmas order , gave to gd , she plays well with puzzles , price and time savings at az , and it's fp
your usual color pencils ... my kindergardener used them for school work . one of the pink pencils was broken at the top which was very upsetting to him ...
my son liked the set . creates an action scene in his head from the box picture . he had a blast putting it together and playing with it .
great game , not stale ... kept us busy and entertained . no two games is ever the same ... we enjoyed it for sure .
i was not familiar with this collection from lego and didn't not realize that it was tiny - an object for scale in the photos would be very helpful
these pretty little items are a nice addition to a doll's wardrobe . very girly . they should hold up well through lots of play .
this car has surprises an really gives my grandson help when he imagines running a train and making up story's .
a very basic , beginner science kit . the cards are big and easy to read and understand . my son and his cousin love being scientists ! ! !
the doll it's really beutifull , the purs can be opened , i will like it that it bring a stand , she really like it to my niece
she looks a lot like the original spectra doll . we have them all except the original , she is too expensive , seller was great . thank you .
my granddaughter loves this ! she is only 6 months old , but this is something she will play with for at least another 6 months .
fun thing to put together . i am all about usable art projects . my niece loved this and is using it in her room .
bullets get lost . we know that . so get some more ! who wants to go to war and run out of ammo ? ! ?
very cool hulk figure , my nephew will love it ! let's see how long they survive after christmas . he should be pleased though .
bought as a gift for my nephews whoe are 5 & 7 and they absolutely loved this they played with it and it keeps them amused for a long time
my boy loves these things , my bare feet despise them . great for the tub , horrible for parents who can't see in the dark .
this is pretty fun , though the car goes off the track a lot . a toy for both kids and adults .
i buy these little sets for my grandson and he loves them . they really compliment the larger sets of the lego city that he has .
this is another great lego 3 in 1 set . we have five or six of these kind of sets and our three boys really like them .
my son loves playing with his imaginext toys , and they fit in this command center perfectly ... great buy , would def recommend
smaller than i expected and not as " cozy " as i wanted it to be . it's more a toy and less a snuggly pillow .
great train and super cute ... my son gordon can not get enough trains . he is in heaven with his magnetic trains .
got this for one of my grandsons . when he opened it , he squealed with delight . can't go wrong with legos .
he's rather large compared to the bert doll we bought at the sesame theme park , but this ernie is soft and cuddly and my daughter loves it .
my boy loves it ! quality and appearance look good . actually a very cute product , that was received faster than was initially promised .
my daughter loves sesame street and these little toys are perfect . she has pretty much the whole sesame street set and she plays with them all the time !
my 7 and 5 year old love this book ! it has kept them busy for hours ! i would definitely recommend it .
4 year old got this for his birthday and loves it ! looks exactly like picture . cheaper then at walmart . no complaints !
my granddaughters have so much fun with this one , the best part is they are learning while playing great gift .
bought for one and three year old granddaughters ; they love them and are easy for little ones to use . great toys for outdoors or the bathtub .
kids love this . they thought of everything . toppings , the delivery box , pizza cutter , and order slips . kept the boys entertained for hours .
perfect size and with cup holders keeps you pretty dry and good for all ages . also good angle for tanning
i bought this and the regular rush hour game . personally i like the smaller original better , but this one is fun too , just larger .
this provides a fight against boredom on a long car ride . also great for trips to the doctor , restaurants , etc .
my two year old son loves cars and he is so good with puzzles . what better way to nourish his curiosity than with this learning piece ?
my 2 year old granddaughter loves this set . still plays with it a year later . she especially loves the battery operated blow dryer !
much , much better price than could be found in the stores be / c this is such a popular toy . works perfectly !
we got this for our 3 - year old son who loves cats . he can't take his eyes off of this kitten .
the title says it all . such a fun game to play . i got it for an eight year old and he loves it .
my son was very happy to get this and add another member of the radiator springs community to his set
my first sewing kit is an excellent product for any young girl ! learning to sew at a young age is a plus !
i don't have to choose the game , book , etc . for them , they can decide what they want . easy to use .
my niece said that these eggs took a long time to hatch and now the chick , rabbit , and rooster are so small .
this was a christmas gift and since christmas is not here yet i am unable to rate it . it seemed to be a good buy .
plush was quality and the price was right . recommend to someone looking for the same as a gift ... was better quality than expected
i had these as gifts at our company picnic and the girls absolutely loved them ! i will get them next year for sure !
i bought this for my niece . she was thrilled with it . i haven't had any negative feedback from mom yet .
there is always a fascination in the power of shrinking objects . my kids loved coloring them and then watching the shrink in the oven .
perfect lil night time companion to keep my baby girl free from the dark . so cute and soft . good buy .
this met all my expectations . the on / off switch was a little inconvenient to reach , but with children , that's probably a good idea .
little tikes is the best ! it is well made , easy to put together and durable once it's out of the box ! get it !
tyler loves this i bought him 2 and he lloves them he plays with them all the time thank you
the headband is superstiff and my daughter can't wear it . sad but she loves the stethoscope . thanks for getting it here so quickly .
this game is not about people winning . it is about colors and snails winning with the roll of 2 dice . great game for taking turns .
we thought this was the big one , but it's a baby compared to the big one . we love the color and details .
have gotten many years of fun from this game . purchased globe for my granddaughter to play on flight from north carolina to california .
my 4 year old didn't have a big enough mouth to get a sound out of this . takes a lot of wind too .
this is a wonderful toy for a toddler . boys or girls will love putting their " stuff " in it and running it all over the house .
it's very small ... that's all i can think of as a critique . i was not impressed . i've seen much better . the end .
i got this an office holiday gift and everyone loved it . it was a hit and really worked ! would recommend .
another terrific m & d puzzle . who doesn't enjoy looking at these brightly-colored trucks ! this is easy to do for little hands .
bought her mario and luigi she loves them , sleeps with them and plays with them nonstop ! great price ! very very happy !
just got this for my son on his birthday . he absolutely loves it . no real assembly and connected with my generic wooden tracks great .
i thinck harrison likes this game and maby plays with it a lot i am shure that he dose :)
this is a great party game for adults with alcohol and few beers . it's great for parties where people are bored with regular board games .
the castle broke in 10 minutes , but in it's defense , both sides were played with after , separately . each girl took a side and played quietly .
another item not ordered by me and i do not play with tops so there is no way to fairly rate it
our kids love legos . we just read and watched the hobbit , so it's very fun to build the main scenes with legos . highly recommend !
it is a very nice contributor to my legoland . i especially like the museum items = they are great ! love legos !
love that my couch / walls / pets and kids are no longer multi colored . the small sizes made great stocking stuffers . would buy again
brought for grandchildren . started out own marching band . excellent quality . children love it ! and so does grandma . we all love music .
i bought this for my granddaughter's birthday since she loves the mh dolls . she seems to really enjoy her new doll .
this works really cool , i just wish it was a little bigger and it came with a bag or some way to store the pieces .
nice addition to the mario series . my son and i enjoy playing this game together - we have a lot of fun with it .
my son loves them and good to see them back , good size to play with too ... cheersgot all 4 now
good product and it's design makes it easy for my 18 month old to string . contains a wooden tray that doubles as a fence for pretend play .
love the articulation on this figure . the paint job on mine was great as well . stars are nice n crisp . a great figure to get .
this is a great little heli to learn to fly a 4 channel helicopter it is rugged and durable able to with stand crashes
cute but its blue with yellow eyes . toothless is supposed to be black with green eyes . my son still likes it .
i purchase 3 different loom , one of them is this and it is very helpful .
this is a super cute tree frog , soft and snuggly with huge feet . the digital interactive piece makes it extra fun for kids .
good for kids that need time away from screens . easy to apply for little fingers . my grand daughter loves it .
my 2 yr old daughter plays with it everyday . she absolutely loves it . it makes all sorts of fun animal sounds and songs
great classroom incentive . tell them to push gently on the on / off button that is inside the circle of the ring or they will break it .
i didn't realize this tool even existed until recently ; but it certainly saves the fingernails . if you have legos , you need this tool ..
adorable , and got them at a superb price ! used them for inside my daughters pinata !
this is a perfect toy for anytime anywhere , and it can be for all ages , as well as adults too .
but the thrill on the face of the student that won it was worth the expense . usually buy multiple items for student rewards .
these are great puzzles for the little ones , and they progress from easy to hard . colors are vibrant and the quality shows .
i purchased this puzzle for my nephew who loves lightning nmcqueen . he really loves work puzzles and especially this one .
it is not the loudest or clearest slide whistle , but it can take a beating from a toddler like a champ .
my grandson had it together in no time and as always loves his lego kits . he's used the parts now to build all sorts of other things .
doll is in great condition and arrived earlier than expected ! no damage to packaging whatsoever . my stepdaughter will be happy to receive this toy for christmas .
my grandson loves legos , he spends hours playing with them . this one was on is birthday list so i know he will love it .
my son loves this toy ! great buy for him ( 12 month old ) i was hoping they would pop out a little bit more but it oh well
it does not really show up colorfully or bright on dark paper . i was expecting some color to pop out and look bright , but they didn't .
my grandson loved the shellraiser for his birthday gift and has been playing with it ever since . his brother (8 yrs ) loves it too .
if your kid loves octonauts , you can't go wrong with this . the color change aspect on the squid is hours of bath time fun .
these are small and ideal for kids each code allows you to play online with them i will buy more
i wish it would hold a bit more but it is what we expected . our daughter liked it and it is what she wanted
bought for my 2 year old granddaughter's birthday . it was a big hit with all the kids . they loved sitting down to a pretend picnic
my 7 year old grand daughter received this as a gift . loves playing with it and i plan on adding additional sets for future gifts.recommend to any child .
the grandkids have really enjoyed using the giant coloring pad . it has given them hours of coloring fun and they like the size of the pictures .
both of her feet use to be ticklish , now just onecan't change her clothesbut is cute and my daughter loves the interaction part
some nice scrapers and dabbers in this set . i bought two sets keeping one set as a backup . price is real reasonable for what you get .
cute toy . has held up . it was about $ 2 cheaper here than in the big box stores so that's always a plus ! !
i bought two sets of these so my grandsons could play together . they love them ! great activity for the 2-3 year olds to try :)
this collection is fun , cute and excitingly different than anything else ! i love these dolls and hope they continue to make them !
granddaughter didn't care for this doll since it's hair was a mess and couldn't be managed to her liking ;(
great price , fits the nerf gun perfect . i mainly ordered for the price , i couldn't find a better deal if i wanted to .
i bought the innotab for my niece for christmas and included this game ! she loves it ! it's great for a 4 year old !
great for little gifts or rewards , sent them to my son's teacher for the treasure box . they seemed to be a hit .
some of the stuff was a little cheap , but the idea of it was great . we would buy this again .
the schleich stegosaurus toy is great for your kids who likedianasours got this one for my nephew he really likes it
very pleased . we'll made , tho not easy to transform . kids may struggle to transform it the self , but it's well made and not cheap looking .
when i bought this for my nephew i never thought it will be so well crafted . it has many little details that make you love it .
2 workbenches and they both love it ... grandma also loves it - she builds the birdhouse and other neat things with the pretend wood .
perfect for my 18 month old . just wish it was a little bigger for 2 kids . but she is really enjoying it
the haircolor doesn't change much but my girls don't care , they just love barbies and mermaids so this was a hit regardless .
my daughter will love this ! it is so bright and colorful . perfect for a frozen party and the size is perfect .
this was a gift for my grand daughter and she absolutely loves it . also purchased with the second princess popstar doll .
my 25 month old twins got this for christmas . it has been by far the most used gift . only wish the fruit would put itself back together :)
my 15 month old granddaughter got these for christmas . big hit ! she forgot that she had other gifts to open !
bought these as a stocking stuffer . my kids definitely enjoyed using these and enjoyed the colorful results . however , it is a one time use per page .
this is the mueller made gimmick . which means it's the best . and it will last . just make sure you buy a pack of replacement rubber bands .
my son likes the different colors , they have names like " awesome " and " macaroni and cheese " and are fun to color with as always .
these toys are cute but seem to be fragile and i do not think they will last very long at all .
added to the lite brite for more fun ... adding additional pages for more fun , what an added fun to a gift that was a great surprisethank you
purchased for my god daughter . she is a performer in the making . loves to sing . i love the touch screen as well .
talking ken ! ! ! my grandaughter just loves playing with her barbies and now she has a talking ken for her collection ! ! !
grandkids love it ... they got the fischer price ixl system for christmas .. so i ordered the additionals to go with ... very happy grandma :)
my granddaughter loves playing store with these boxes . she adds bar codes from her zillions cash register and enjoys purchasing these items .
they love playing kitchen and making daddy sandwiches . very sturdy , very real looking and great concept with the velcro for cutting . would buy again
wrong game for leapfrog explorer . did not get to try it . should have returned asap but never got around to it .
these colors match the kidkraft pastel kitchen perfectly and the pieces are really sturdy . i don't normally buy plastic toys , but this is an exception !
great rubber bands , but 600 makes it seem like a lot , but they will go fast . i should have doubled my order
for portable use you need batteries ; this is good when charging the learning table . can't rate this product fairly beacuse it was never used .
amazing detail on these action figures . packaged very nicely and the box it comes in was with out damage . definitely worth the price paid for one .
my 6 year old is learning money and this set has proven to be perfect ! it is constructed very well and has the perfect number of pieces .
i liked this product . only four stars because the lights don't work . they look like they should but they dont .
as always another great barbie product , she's a cute doll . my daughter loves all the fashionistas ! we are really impressed !
my son enjoyed these when he was younger , hoping my grandson will enjoy them as well . plastic this time around instead of wooden pieces .
it is a good stacking toy for your kid . itismake of hard paper and works very well . it needs and can be impoved in many ways .
great learning tool for children . my 2 year old grandson can put them together . very colorful and the pieces are large and easy to handle .
love this dinosaur . i can barely wait to give it to my daughter for her birthday . it's a decent size , different texture and adorable .
purchased these additional weebles to go along with the a " merry-go-round " weebles toy - good size for a 2 year-old's hands and really colorful .
this was purchased for a christmas gift and was on our grandson's amazon wish . it was a hit . you just can't beat fisher-price .
bought it for a 3 yr old . product constructs nicely . but it is too big if u plan traveling with it .
these toys are fun especially for my boys who start pretending to be little ninjas . i would reccomend them to anyone
we purchased the workshop and this drillin action tool set fits in perfectly . our little carpenter is a very happy boy .
this set is adorable , good quality and durable for little kids play . it is perfect for pretending to play picnic .
my brother-in-laws have fun playing with this and challenging each other by setting up hard holes .
this toy is super cute ! my son loves monster's inc . and this is a great way to learn the characters and play !
the kids really enjoy this game . it's a fun way to keep the children's attention and to help with developing their brain power - away from the tv .
blossomforth is cute ! but shes overpriced here on amazon . ive seen her on other sites for lower prices ! im mean , come on !
this game is awesome . its a really great ice breaker but be warned if you offend easily , it may not be for you .
this is an activity that is fun for about 5 minutes . might work better / more fun with a group of kids ? ? ?
our three year old daughter loves this game ! it is a fun game for us to play with her or for her to play with her friends .
this is a great track to play with it is easy to put together and it is a wide track and i would recommend it
well , score one for grandpa again with this doll outfit . it was a great hit for our 7 year old granddaughter . really a well made toy .
my grandson was to happy with this for christmas . i trust lego as it is a name brand you can truly trust .
i purchased this for my grandson . he has had a lot of fun with this and is learning at the same time .
they arrived as expected ! they are a good quality band for the rainbow loom . i would recommend these to a friend .
this puzzle is not only easy to handle for little fingers but , teaches children colors , numbers and how to count . love it
i love flying this heli , far better , more stable , more agile , and faster than the s109g . turns on a dime
my girls love this game as all the other disney games that are available . great price & quality ! recommend for any disney game collectors .
i was surprised how small this was when it arrived but my son loves it , so i guess overall it's a win .
she loves this kitchen . keeps the mess outside too . it needs to be kept clean , which is a trick for her !
my young elementary scholars have enjoyed this resource for years now . it has helped them with daily math lessons and has made math fun .
this product is as good as expected , as all wooden wagons . very well manufactured and beautiful , my grandson loved it .
my kids love swiper . nicely made , durable , cute about 8 inches tall , plush toy looks just like the character on tv
the plan toy shape and sort it our gives our grandaughter some valuable experiences in matching shapes with holes to get the pieces back into the box .
i bought this one as a gift for a family member , now i'll have to get another for myself . good buy !
the helicopter flies and works well . it provides curosity and entertainment to our grandchildren . brings back childhood memories of flying .
my grandkids played with these magnets more than any other toy or game that i took on our family vacation . they really loved them .
as expected , this lego set is of good quality and the instructions are easy to follow . my 4 yr old loves it .
my kids love it and the slides are very cool and it tells the kids about what they are seeng , very cool
my 5 year old daughter loved these pets . they were fun and different animals . fast shipping too . i would recommend this product .
i bought this for my 3 year old grandson . he loves it and so does his 7 year old brother .
angry birds star wars 5 " plush - storm trooper - thank you the item fits in my build a bear collection great
entertaining game , educational as well . can use this game to teach kids shapes.the size of this game is good for travel.recommend .
my three year old son loves these . these are a good addition to just traditional vehicles . keep my son busy and give a little challenge !
this is a nice little dragon . he's gold and has big wings that he uses to fly around the room and he's a nice size for hugs .
this is a great set , with more markers than you know what to do with and the best part ... washable ! great deal for the price .
bought for my grandson on his one year old birthday , bought with a lot of vetch smart wheels he loves them all , plays with everyday
got this for my future brother-in-law . went perfect with the shakeweight i got for my sister ... everyone got a good laugh .
this canopy is stupid . if you swing at all then it flies up and tilts back . if it's a windy day , forget it .
nerf has finally done it , a compact semi auto blaster , with unlimited accessory potential . small but fun , this is a must for every nerfer !
my son loves it and almost has the whole set along with the new train set . good quality and lots of fun for kids .
this is such a cute stuffy . my grandkids loved getting these along with the book this year . great product to have .
gave this to my 8 year old newphew . he was doing magic tricks for the family within no time ! great first magic set !
everybody knows this game everybody loves this game everybody should buy this game its really just that good . it needs more boards and i think there are 12 ?
another nice piece to add to my son's growing :p lanes collection . he likes it a lot
keeps you on your toes and it's so small you can take it anywhere ! ! perfect for long waits at restaurants ! !
great product and really big . sturdy and durable . hours of fun for some lucky little girl . love it very much .
my son has been hooked on his collection of transformer toys , since watching all 3 movies . he is enjoying telling all his friends about his toys .
my grandchildren love watching this thing walk down the stairs . it really is lovely and big , and a great toy .
soy fanatica de las compras por amazon , me parece una empresa responsable ... el backyardigans es bello ... no muy grande pero muy lindo
my toddler daughter loves yo gabba gabba and this toys made her so happy that it really worths it , i just wonder how to get the remaining characters .
i priced it out and for what i paid this was the best deal to get the package of items .
this is a great game ! i highly recommend this game , it is great for kids ( and adults ) ages 5 and up .
great value for the money . our 6 yr old loves everything that came with it and yes , i have used the measuring cups when making pancakes or muffins
my granddaughter had been wanting skates for her doll . i didn't know this when i ordered them . she was very surprised .
our baby is only 11 months old , but she is already getting the idea that people go inside the planeand she pushes it around . great fun !
my 1-1 / 2 y / o just hasn't seemed the least bit interested in playing with this toy from the first day she received it until now .
this is nice . my son likes it . it's made of a hard plastic . what more can i say ... it's a piggy bank .
our grandaughter plays constantly with the toy cones , sorting them in different orders and tossing them around in her room .
immediately became the most fun place to play peekaboo with her daddy . nice for a little girl with an imagination .
my 9 month old little grand daughter loves the pink car & is able to grasp the car with her little hand
we ordered this for christmas and it was a huge hit with my daughter ... and even myself ! great girl gift ! fun !
purchased for my 4 year old niece and after dropping her leap pad more than once there is not a mark on it and it still works like new !
this is a simple , easy , quick little game we enjoy playing on road trips and during camping trips . the artwork is fun . decent pace .
there are cheaper pails but these nest together so nicely so are easy to bring to beach or sandbox . lots of play value .
this really is a child pleaser and a product that will bring many hours of joy and hold the interest of a child .
this is a really cute ensemble for the monster high doll's . you can mix and match and they fit well .
my granddaughter loved her first one so much she started using it as a step stool . so when the first one broke we bought her another one .
great set with this iconic piece .. can't be compared to the ucs version , but this is good for the price-conscious ... worth the price to get !
my kids enjoy playing with these tools . the only negative is that the rolling pin cylinder doesn't actually spin so it is hard for them to use .
my grandson was very happy with this set . i don't know much about pokemon , but if he is happy , i certainly am ! !
this skirt is really cute , but this product sells for around 7 dollars in retail shops . this is truly over priced on amazon .
this toy was bought with other jake the pirate toys . our 2 1/2 year old grandson really likes his pirates .
my 3 yr old grandson loves thomas and everything related . this was a welcome addition to his collection , durable and painted nicely .
this is a great learning toy . my grandaughter is learning to crawl so it was perfect for her at christmas .
i looked in several stores in our area but they did not carry paper for fingerpainting . this paper is a nice size and easy to use .
love the bright red color and smiley face , it's made so good . my great-grand-child loved it ... it's a winner ! ! would buy more .
wanted this game for my preschoolers with special needs for awhile now and was not disappointed . fun and educational . the kids love it .
these puzzles are great for my three year old classroom ! my preschool threes really enjoy them , these are their favorite puzzles !
i received the lion , which is very cute . have not used it yet . just wish i could choose the character .
my granddaughter will love this gift for christmas i hope .. i am starting off her collection this year ! ! !
i think the game of years ago had a different tweezer ... this thing just didn't work right ... find a used one if you can
my grandson loves the story of hiro , so i had to get him this one and patchwork hiro as well . he loves them .
my nephew loves it even tho this is much smaller that it appears to be in the advertisement . is holding up well from what we understand .
cute , fun and style ! just the look and you will definately love it , so many ways to play with it
this was a gift for christmas and it was a hit ... it was for a very bright 6 year old but actually its for a 7/8 year old .
i really don't get the mind craft thing , but 7 year olds love it . this stuffed toy is slept with and enjoyed very much . fast shipping .
the girls loved these and if they could have taken them to school they would have . they went to town with them when mom would allow .
my granddaughter enjoys playing with this item , we found it to be of very good quality . the item was packed and shipped as advertised .
even though the bubble part works about half the time our grandson loves to push it around the yard as it makes noise like a real lawn mower .
the teens loved this item in the gift exchange . good quality , easy assembly and effective design . even the adults were drawn in .
i got this for my grandaughter for christmas , her parents got her the stable and told me she was going to need items to go with it .
i myself have got hooked on the baby furby . ethan loves these furbies , he has 4 of the bigger brother furbies .
we bought this for a two year old . it may have been better for an older toddler . the designs are too complex for him to follow yet .
my family and i all love this version of phase 10 ! it's still just as simple to play , but it adds more variety to the game .
great size it's ideal for small kids , soft and very very similar to the cartoon caracter boots i love it !
it doesn't fit the bigger puzzles , but i just have the standard puzzles anyway . i'm really glad i made the purchase .
she liked this for awhile . but just like everything else they outgrow these toys so quick . mine are spoiled rotten . gotta love em !
a must have for the grandchild . save on batteries and ensure that they have a continual energy supply . no hassle nor aggravation by going to the store .
my grandson requests these every night at bath time . they are educational as well as fun . definitely worht the money !
this was for my grandson ... he plays on this some but prefers a toy that runs on battery , , , appears to not like it so much
this is good working motor . i had to re-solder the ground wire to the case , but was exact fit , worked perfectly
we got this for my nephew for christmas and he absolutely loved it . came in perfect condition and was put together immediately . great product !
i had sent my grandkids the loom , so i knew they would need extra bands . the loom was on their wish list .
we have a ton of lego duplos and its a great transition from the jumbo but before the tiny ones .
my grandson's both wanted this for christmas . i bought 2 of them . they play with it a lot and use it with their friends on play dates .
this thing has cause turmoil in my house and is going to get my son killed . but it is a great product .
our 7 year old has a big sponge bob and the gary beanie baby . mr krabs is a perfect addition to her collection.love it .
cute and surprisingly durable toy for all the abuse this poor thing takes . kids of all ages have loved playing with this thing .
this is a pretty dress for our granddaughter's american girl doll . it fits very nice , good quality and a nice price .
this is definitely a must-have for both star wars and lego fans . it makes a great desk toy for work too .
my six year old daughter is very much a girly girl . she loves playing soccer as does her dad . so the pink ball was a big hit !
the cross bow is a great gift for any older child who has an interest in wanting to safe play hunt .
there really is a lot in there for the price . a nice gift for any young girl that loves crafts and accessories .
this was part of what we bought our grandson for christmas and he is enjoying painting with them . i plan to buy him more for his birthday .
the boots that arrived do not look like they are pictured . mine look more like a sock than a boot .
this case makes it very convenient for carrying the books and leap reader where ever you go . perfect fit ! keep up the good work leap reader
great toy ! bright colors and durable quality ! buy it for the little bug scout in your life ! get the little fake bugs too !
the animals are very small and the ink pad mixes the colors together , making it all just a dirty brown after a few uses . cute animals though .
bought this for my 5 year old granddaughter . it looks like it will be fun to make together . nice item .
perfect holds up to six games and still has room for a few extra things ! great and protective for active kids .
this is a christmas gift for granddaugther , she picked it out , but doesn't know that she is getting it.great way to enjoy colors and crafts
my little one is receiving this for easter it looks so cute in the box and i know she will love them .
we just love these little creatures and the details put into them . they look like they will hold up even to lots of playtime .
durable rubber / plastic . we've had this for a month and i see it lasting a long time ! my daughter bounces on it every day !
the grandkids love having the building plates . projects get saved and moved . i've added to this collection now and recommend it to anyone who loves legos .
the x's and o's don't turn over too well . it makes the game a lot longer than it should be . don't waste your money .
smaller than i expected for the price . it is play doh which is a quality product and the letter cutouts were ok .
great musical fun for any budding musician . several options of modes . appears to be a great construction and durable for several kids .
old puffer pete is so awesome . he has a great look to him . no complaints ! great quality and make a great addition to our collection .
my baby doesn't pay much attention to this toy no matter what sounds or lights are going off on it .
this was purchased for 10 year old granddaughter who was wearing one she made next time i saw her . very please with herself !
very durable . fits snugly and does not get too loud . my son can play his ipad games without all the noise .
rescue bot build quality is pretty good and the bot is very easy to manipulate even for a 2 years old kid .
i purchased 2 of these for christmas passing parties at school and sunday school for 9 year old boys . they were perfect for what i purchased them for .
only plays one song but changes the letter . both my 1 year old and 3 year old lost interest quickly .
this parachute is great ! does not tangle and flies very well . i bought 2 more as gifts . the kids love playing with it .
this is a great puzzle when ready for a jigsaw puzzle . the pieces are sturdy and can handle being shoved in the slots by little hands .
kids love this cute little puppy . very soft and to them real like ! enjoy it like their own little pet ! would recommend this to others !
i am a big little tikes fan . swing is perfect for a two year old ! very pleased with the purchase .
not as bright as the old school lite brites but it works well enough . i wouldn't buy it again though .
nothing like the original but it was a good replacement for my granddaughter's woody that was ruined by black mold from the house we were renting
tone is nice and clean.this may sound out each time you touch.but we do not like a lot dear . my daughter is 18 months
little girls love everything that glows or sparkles and these meet the requirement ! especially nice in the evening.go for it !
this is a super fun family game . it is a little complicated for our younger children but our oldest who is 9 plays it with no problems .
i opened this as an early christmas gift and i absolutely adore it . bloodgoods head can come on and off .
very easy to play with bright colors and fun for all ages . maybe little less for the price since they are pretty expensive to buy other sets .
my girl loved it.soft and cuddly.makes a great birthday gift . it has big paws for the body size
my granddaughter wanted this and i believe she loved it . she put it together immediately . she loves all lego games .
this was a great puzzle . i love puzzles that have a lot of interesting items throughout and this one was no exception .
ordered for nephew for christmas . he seemed to like it . i'm sure the pieces were lost on day 1 . enjoy !
soft and awesome.he goes with us everywhere.my 18 month old loves toy story . toy story toys are hard to find in stores but easy to find on amazon .
queen elsa is her fave her birthday shes going to meet them at disney with the whole family she is excited
really big . love the sayings . my son says he is buzz and zurg is his daddy . nice addition to a collection .
very good quality of plush and construction . fits in backpacks or overnight bags . horse loving girls will go crazy for it .
we enjoyed playing this game . it was challenging and fun ! kids get to learn the rules and think differently in order to win .
i bought these cupcake rings just because i thought it be great for a party . i can't wait to use them .
this is the real rubies cube ! what fun to have one to play with again.it was a bit sticky to use at first . great fun .
came out of the package balanced , i have never broken a set of these , just nicked them up really bad resulting in eventual replacement .
the dresses were perfect for an imaginary wedding party . they were well made and very pretty . made a little girl happy
this elmo is the perfect size for toddlers to carry around and / or sleep with . plus he is squeezy soft , and washable !
there was a lot of setup needed for this but once put together it was so cute . my daughter really enjoys playing with it .
if you are on the fence about getting this figure don't be it is worth every penny and more for anybody who is a fan of rhino or marvel
great game . a lot of fun , and simple rules . very enjoyable if you are a word-y person . get this game !
my six year old became bored with the toy after 30 minutes . he never plated with it again . too expensive for those results .
grandson is 2-1 / 2 yrs and had to be taught how to use it . now he plays with it all the time .
this link plush is so adorable . he is crafted quite well , and should stand up to years of abuse from our daughter !
i like monster high but this wasn't my favorite buy . she is cute and her outfit fun , but the delivery time was a bit slow .
my daughter kept telling me rapunzel was rapunzel and ariel . as others stated the rapunzel toy sometimes gets confused for ariel on the castle . mystery solved !
too many pieces and extras to have to buy for this set . the kids only play this every once in a while .
as and indoor flyer it does well and certainly is easy to fly . a little practice and you can begin manuevering around the house .
my 2yr old son loves to break things ! so its nice to have a toy he thinks he's destroying . quite funny
this easel is very sturdy and well worth the money . alittle too tall for my toddler but she'll grow into it
great alternative to a messy craft ! we have several melissa & doug sticker pads and they are all high quality and the kids love them !
these are soft blocks but they are firm like real blocks so they stack well . they are very bright vibrant colors . my daughter has two sets !
nice , sturdy dinosaurs . be aware though they are pretty big ! ! we've had them for over a year and no problems .
my sister is a huge fan of the series . she love this figure and is looking forward to the other scouts getting released .
i like this electric thomas better than the plastic trackmaster one . this one has stood the test of time and is still chugging along .
theres so many different tools to play with ! the doh is nice and soft . also great colors and many boxes .
these are a really cute accent to put with the other tinkerbell party decor . they are well made and are much easier to hang than streamers !
my son loves this toy - it's perfect for a child ( like my son ) who likes to push around trucks a lot !
gave these to my boys with the thomas case . they hook together great and fold up rather small for storage .
my daughter recieved this for her second birthday . it is what it is . straight forward magnets . great for the fridge and practicing animals .
this is a must-have for baby ’ s first birthday . it looks really cute on the highchair . it came on time and in great packaging .
these figures are so well-made and that was noticed immediately by both grandsons even though they own many more little soldiers . a good investment !
this figure is massive ! great quality and extremely detailed . i can't wait to see my son's eyes when he opens it on xmas !
james the red engine by fisher-price is a well-made toy and my grandson was very happy to add it to our growing collection of thomas ' engine friends !
it's a great project for the child the right age , but mine was too young . i was stepping on beads for weeks .
bought this for christmas for my 5yr old . good for imaginative play and also creativity . great for a sports fan .
i bought this for my 3 year old and he loves it . it is so easy to transform unlike the transformers made for older ages .
this was a gift for a granddaughter who was over the moon with delight . if she loves it , then all is well with the world .
very good looking transformer . clearly scanned the cadillac cts . great looking car . not an easy bot to transform but very cool when u figure it out .
my 5 year old granddaughter loved it xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx
so fun . just keep it to the 5 card limit , otherwise it can go on a much longer time than necessary .
this is a great set . pieces are pretty small . there's duplicates of most animals . wish there was more of an assortment .
i bought this set for a christmas gift or a birthday gift , whichever comes first . i am sure i will have a happy grandson either day !
i found this toy at toy a rus and it was the only i seen so who ever gets it do not open it
fun and easy for all ages ... from my 5 year old ( even though she doesn't fully grasp the concept ) to my 68 year old mother .
my grand daughters have played with this non-stop since they got it for christmas . it has been a very playful item /
bought all my great nieces and nephews headlamps for our christmas eve celebration . these were big hits with the girls !
i am writing this so long after my purchase but i know my granddaughterloved it . she was still shooting the arrows recently .
i got it for my neice for her birthday and she loves it ! these are great dolls and make great gifts
my daughters love this bed for their american girl dolls . good quality and a great price . i would buy it again .
a fun games that the children can compete with the adults . we play this with our age 6 and 8 year old grandchildren . lots of giggles .
my 3 year old needed this add on for his thomas trackmaster set . another set or 2 and we can run the train all around the house !
this item is fun and just all around awesome . even my husband had fun playing with it ! i would recommend it completely !
i don't play this game myself - my child with autism has many of the cartridges for this game and likes them all
this game is very fun for all ages to play . it is quick and easy , and all family members can participate . highly recommend !
the handles are nice . usually tubes this cheap don't last but this one did and the kids are rough on it
got this gor christmas for my then one year old . he loves the sounds and music . it'll be a good learning tool when he gets older .
i haven't actually tried it , since i bought it for a gift , but it is a very cute toy and i'm sure the recipient will like it .
the best thing about this game is that the entire family ( even my four year old ) can play and have a really fun time !
purchased this for my grandson as a christmas gift . he loves this game . it is a perfect addition to the original pet pals .
well made . a little frustrating for a one year old . he does struggle to keep the train on track . butoverall great quality .
best christmas gift ever for my 7 yo niece who was bored with barbies . she asked for the entire band next time .
nice quality complete set for the money . daughter loves all the gadgets . for boy or girl . best set we found .
they have done it again . more laughter , tears and gasps . this expansion is loved by my friends and family great addition .
i got this for my 2.5 for christmas . it took sometime for her to understand turn-taking , but this is a fun first game .
i love games and am a little competitive . this game is fast moving and good clean fun for large or small groups .
great for organizing the tiny lego pieces that usually get lost and can never find when needed . the challenge is to train your kid to organize the pieces :)
kids all loved these when i gave them out as parting gifts . i should have bought my kids extras since they were jealous .
she is beautiful and tho i wish her voice box was a bit louder she is perfect ! my daughter loves her and all her cute lil phrases !
this is a great addition to the original game . lots of new questions and answers . worth the $ 10 for sure
was very useful in what we wanted to build , and to help keep it together , so it didn't fall apart .
i got this for my nieces 2nd birthday present and she loves it . since her mom was a softball player , of course i won moms approval too .
a great device for the low cost of it . works exactly as described - dual action pumping of air into inflating my exercise ball .
i bought this for my grandson because my granddaughter is always hiding his knives so i bought this so he could hide them .
they are perfect . exactly as described ! i love that they stand on puzzle pieces so that you can stand them up .
not great quality and sound really bad , the worst toy i ever get online . i would not recommend this item
this item arrived at their house for our grandson on time for christmas and was in good shape , not damaged or late . he loves it !
what can you say its lego . well and designed . top of the line gift . my wife enjoys these as much as my daughter .
so much family fun ! ! my 4 and 6 year old love it ! !
i purchased this shopping cart for my granddaughter . it is very durable and realistic . she has enjoyed playing with it .
it was a fun gag gift for my office christmas party . everyone liked it . easy to open and not offensive .
i love it ! ! my son love this giraffe ! 100 % recommended ! i bought it for my 3 year old son ! :)
very well made my grandson loves it the telescope really works and the box it is in is very sturdy
this is a quality , lifesized toy . there is a wide variety of ingredients included and it's a great addition to a play kitchen . adorable .
i bought this as a gift for my 3 year old grandson and he loves it ! he's a big fan of batman .
i bought these for my daughters tie dye themed birthday party and used these as the goody bags . perfect size and great price !
who doesn't seem all that interested in it . i think it's cute and offers a lot , but he's just not that into it yet .
my 7 year old godchild loves these items ! she practically has the whole dr dreadful set . they are fun and easy to put together .
angry birds star wars 5 " plush - luke - thank you , the item fits well with my build a bear collection
i bought this as a gift and never saw it . but it's chutes and ladders . with marvel characters . can you really go wrong ?
this is perfect to have for road trips ! the cord is long enough to reach the back seat ! my kids use it often .
my 1 year old twins love this ball ! definitely glad i purchased it ! well worth the small price i paid !
for 18 inch madame alexander doll . they feel like good quality too . adorable tiny little underpants . what more can you say .
this is a classic but not made at all like the classic one was . great for a grab bag gift for kids .
this is a very cute stuffed toy . it is a lot smaller than you would think . i'm glad i didn't pay more than i did .
the slide is hard to have the guy slide down all the way from the top . they like it anyway ! thanks china !
i was very surprised in the quality of this animal playset , its real wood and seems to be very durable . thumbs up plan toys !
a toy that is ageless ! young or old , they all have fun with this type of remote control toys ! so have fun !
our granddaughter love the friends collection . she is busy putting it together on christmas day . i love shopping online . really large selection ..
kids love it , and was half the price as retailed for in toys r us ( found it online while standing in the store )
thank you , im very happy with the purchase monster high it's alive clawdeen wolf doll , i'm super satisfied , of excellent quality
i bought this as a gift holder thinking i could put money in it instead of a gift card but that did not happen .
i really like melissa and doug wooden puzzles . they are very well made with great pictures . our little girl loves them .
the door of this bug barn is flimsy and broke immediately upon getting it out of the shipping box . it is small and not worth it .
very nice for little ones perfect size for little hands to pick up and the sounds are great i liked it
the frail makes him look dfferent form the other dragonns , but the detail is amazing .
really like the quality of these dolls , but they are a little large for my granddaughter's small doll house , but she loves them anyway .
i was a gift for my nephew trying to complete the city collection of legos and he loved getting another piece to the set .
this is another x-mas gift . so , it is un-opened . it does seem to be a quality toy & exactly what i expected .
cons , kinda small , maybe seven inches corner to corner , maybepros ok i have no idea what a creeper is but its cool lookingdecent price too
my 9 yr old has had hours of fun with this gun . it's one of a collection and he goes back to it again and again !
my 8 year old loved this lego pirates and made stuff all afternoon . kept his interest and busy . i would reccommend it .
this twinkles up with my two-year-old who puts everything in his mouth bites everything the wheels managed to stay on them the parts came apart and it's the right size
we haven't used this game yet . it is a christmas gift . maybe i can rate this later for you if you would like
my cousin has this over at her grandparents home and plays with it all the time .
any kid into mythology would love this dragon . it is a really good size and very life like . very durable and well worth the money .
easy on the furniture and fun for the grand kids . they miss the paper and writes on the table but they have fun with it .
thought it was good at first but it turned out to be very heavy for my 8 year old , and really useless .
love this puppy . get it every year for a new baby . they love it and it is the perfect size .
the cover works well , it fits well and is easy to put on . it does not interfere with performance of the pad .
my grandson loved this hulk . it is pretty large and makes a lot of noise . he is 6 years old .
great price for the amount you get . only had a couple that came broken in the package but that is expected with so many
i got a nice deal on this and it's great . i am disappointed that there's only 1 white stick , but overall it's very nice .
easy to put together , pretty sturdy ship . kids ( 7 year old and 4 year old ) love playing with it . would recommend buying .
this is really cute for the small child and they enjoy it so much andthing that they can color and create is great .
this is such a great little garden for kids who love watching nature and the whole process of caterpiller to butterfly .
my 6 year old got this for christmas . she loves it ! i love that is has an educational basis . great tablet for children .
my 3 year old plays with this all the time . he has watched the show a few times but really likes this toy .
every time i came in the room it was off the wall again and again i through some of the pieces out cause the just did not stay up
a card game for horrible people ... with a wicked sense of humor ! this is quite possibly the funniest game out there !
has sounds so that adds fun . arrived quickly and sealed in a bag so it was in excellent shape , recommend to angry bird fans
very bright colors and easy to use . my boys love these markers and it keeps them occupied for a long time !
i bought four of these and two of them were broken so beware of that , but the two that were intact were fun
bought this for my 6 year old grandson . he put it together in less than one hour . he plays with his legos for hours .
great price . fast . highly responsive . tough . and it looks great . i'm gonna order another for general purposes ! i received my order fast .
don't click buy . quality is not there , doesn't hold up well . broke after a few uses . would not recommend to anyone .
my nephew loves his glowworm . and it's very nostalgic for me , since i had one when i was a kid , 40 yrs ago .
i bought this for my two-year old granddaughter . she doesn't use it much because she likes to snuggle her grandma everynight , but it sure does look pretty .
fun to play . the display is easy to read , and it has a large selection of words to spell . fun !
one needs a lot of imagination to play with this , not work the money , i am very unhappy with it
very simple little car and might be a little pricey for what it is , but our little one has enjoyed quite a bit of play with it .
it is small , and merely to put other lego pieces in . we were highly disappointed . be careful that you know what you are getting .
i have purchased a dozen s107g helicopters . they are all great . way better than the competition . the new 2012 colors look awesome .
breaks constantly . frustrating and not worth the money . its a great idea but the metallic bands are not strong enough .
these plush toys are soft and cute , but not very durable . they lasted about a month before we had to start repairing the seams .
this was a christmas gift purchased for 4 and 8 year olds . they tell me they love it and the cars go really really fast .
i am trying to teack my daughter english and this has been a fantastic way to start !
son has a collection of thomas the tank engines toys and this one added to it . he loves it a lot .
amazing product and the doors open too ! my son loves it and so do his friends and mine as we'll .
our grandson was just so excited to see this gift . he is 6 and has had so much fun playing with it ! !
my daughter who is 6 loves this doll she had to go get more after christmas . has everything you need for a little girl who loves dolls
my niece , who is three absolutely loves this toy ! it's quickly become her favorite gift and i'm very glad i got it for her .
i bought these for my niece and nephew for their loom kit . they love them . seems like good quality too .
she is really beautiful and we love the detail her hair is gorgeous and the snakes underneath are really cool
the ones that worked were neat but one came unassembled scattered in the box . was going to assembly it but battery was missing
this is perfect for my 5 year old daughter and traveling ! holds the tablet and 6 games safely and not to heavy for her to carry herself .
this is a great set for 2-3 year olds--the bigger size is great and make it easier for first time users
my kids love this . it is well made for half the price i've seen everywhere else . this is a great value !
monkey with slingshot arms and it flies with jungle noises . we love it . pretty cool suprise when you get a monkey to the face ! haha
kids will love these also for christmas to use their markers or paints with . was as described & no mess with color wonder .
nice bath toys if your children like bubble guppies like mine do . loved at bath time , they squirt , float and make bath time fun .
not a bad little toy it doesn't do much but it sure keeps my 2 year old entertained he likes airplanes
this set had more than i realized ! there is a beach ball along with the clothes . very nice quality and fits perfect on the doll .
much smaller than i expected , but my daughter is quite happy with it ( which is good , since she paid for it from her allowance ) .
it doesn't have many hankies so the trick is over quickly . it is a good introduction trick for beginners and helps them understand how a trick gets started .
make sure to pick up all the expansions to this game . you will never regret adding more to the pool of craziness !
when we started out collecting pokemon cards this was a great set . don't expect a lot of valuable cards , but my so has enjoyed the variety .
tangle free and really works great for 3 year old and takes a beating and so far as lasted .
this is something i got for both my grandkids for christmas and they love it . they have a large collection of cars and this was perfect for them .
cute cards , fun games , a really fun way to share a game with family that also helps my son learn numbers , colors and more .
this is a challenging game for all age groups from 4 on up to adults . interesting to watch who is better at this game .
this was the best buy i have made this year ! they fit my daughters existing lego set . so this was a great deal !
my kids love tents and this one is great for them to play in ... it is big enough for both of them !
cute drill set for children ... brings back memories . i had one of these when my kids were small . my grandchildren love it .
a wonderful little toy for eye hand coordination and fine motor skill work . shapes , colors and safe for little ones .
the minifig was in perfect conditions , the package was good as well . it was exactly what was promised in the page .
this is very cute . i just wish the quality of the material was a little bit thicker , especially for the price i paid .
blocks and more blocks - - no specified projects , just building materials . all that's required is an imagination . use with a building plate .
this was a gift for my 2 year old nephew and he loves it . my brother has since told me that it's a favorite toy for my nephew .
the pieces are a good size here so choking shouldn't be a problem . they are bright colored and fun to play with , with other food products .
i bought this almost a year ago and my daughter loves playing with it . we are monster high obsessed at our home . great purchase .
fisherprice continually impresses me with the quality of their play food . this set is really cute , very detailed , and the breadsticks even look realistic .
i bought this elmo for my grandson who loves elmo.he was very happy when we gave it to him.plays with it most of the day .
we have a great time playing with our 7 and 9 year old girls . they picked up the game in one round and have a blast .
i ordered these for a 4 year old boy he loved them and arrived in great condtion and on time .
great product for the little ones , very entertaining . i love the fact that the height is adjustable . great purchase for your money !
we ordered this for my daughters birthday . my daughter just loves it ! we've had it for about a year now and she is still crazy about it .
the grandchildren love this set and it is made well . i would recommend this set for lots of fun play .
my nearly two year old loves to play with this batman and batmobile . it talks and is just the right size for his little hands .
keeps the kid entertained for long periods of time . much better than letting him / her use and eventually damage an ipad or smart phone .
got this for my grandson for christmas and he is so thrilled with it . love when i can find and give what my grandkids want .
bought as xmas gift for my 5 year old grandson . he loves it . amazon as always is fast and good packaging
this game lasted all of two minutes before we ( the adults ) became annoyed and the kid's lost interest . i don't recommend it .
my grandkids think these tools are really fun . they are very cute and sturdy to use . they enjoy helping me in the garden .
the corors are not as bright as you would think ... they look very bright , but on the driveway , look more pastel
this is my favorite ! my 3 year old loves the colorful art and the cards are thick and high quality .
got these fun puzzles for our two young grand daughters , lots of fun for them , and the lid keeps everything in place-finally !
the button on the belly is kinda hard to press my 19 mo old needs my help . not the most entertaining toy out there
this lego star wars fighter set has a very sleek design that makes it unique among the star wars fighters.it is fun to build and play with .
good cost and without the shooping hassle during the holiday season . no searching wasting gas and time by going to the store .
it adds more totally relevant and powerful habilities and races that play verrrryyy well . the races are well designed and are more humanoid troll monster alike .
this toy in particular it only by amazon and i found that my child the wanted long and wants the entire collection of thomas
my son is 41 ' tall and really enjoys this play bbq set . the set comes with everything your kid will need
the thomas the train take-n-play talking series are such an added delight to the rest of the trains . my 2 year old grandson loves them all !
wish we could get more of these items in south africa , the cost of the toys is very competitive but the import duties are a killer
this is a lot of fun as there are many different things to do like launchers and it comes with a finn to launch
very durable , washable , and yes loads of fun for your little people . my grandchildren love it ! i highly recommend this !
peeta is a perfect representation of the character in the books . he is well-made and our granddaughter was so excited to have him .
so far i have purchased this three times for 10 year old girls birthday present . they have been a hit every time and used immediately .
these are really fun rings for kids parties or adult black light parties . they function well and make a great party favor . i'd get them again .
this was purchased for my very young son whom has adored blues clues . he carries it around everywhere and quickly became his favorite plushie .
this pair of boots is a favorite with my granddaughters . they play with them along with the other clothes for the doll .
this puzzle if amazing . great quality and my 2 year iold n a short time has learned all the numbers ... even out of order .
it is very small and did not like the details of the wrist . i did not like . i hope not to disappoint the girl
perfect for shooting a rocket off in the city ... doesn't go to high so it doesn't drift into yards or on rooftops .
great addition to any little girls barbies collection . my girls love barbies and these have kept them busy . i just wish they where a little cheaper .
this was purchased for my grandson who loves his leap pad . we also got some cartridges for this and i know it will be a great learning toy
these fit my daughter's american girl doll perfectly . so super cute . they go with so many outfits and the shoelaces are plenty long to tie .
i bought this for my son johnny - 8 and he just loves it ! loves everything about the lego movie . buy it .
took my hubby about an hour to put together and it looks really cool . sturdy and my girls are going to love using it
my granddaughter needed another building plate and this fit the bill . not much you can say except it is as described .
if your children are into monster high then i would buy this . my granddaughter plays with monster high every day and loves it .
my kids love this gives them something aside from the sand box to play with and keeps them occupied for hours .
got this for my 4 and 6 year old boys , for christmas , they have never been interested in it :(
what's not to say about blythe and her outstanding knack for fashion ? even the lps animals look smashing ! love lps ...
grandson loves this toy drum . very happy with purchase . was not sure it was appropriate for a two year old , but it's a hit
this puzzle is huge ! my son and niece and nephew had a blast with this puzzle . the pieces connect good .
i bought a few of these for gifts . it's a really good game . it's very good to keep young adults busy .
so much fun ! i like that it gets the kids moving and running around outside ! thru love the ability to tell if someone has been tagged .
got for my grandson and he loves them . he is 9 years old . price was great also . i would purchase more of them .
bought for my husband , really great lego set . nothing else to say but i have to have so many words per review ...
my son got this for christmas , he loves all kind of action figures but he wanted this with batman gotham jail . he lloves to play with it .
i bought this as a gift for my nephew . he loves loading and unloading the blocks into the cart and building towers with the blocks .
this is a great puzzle that provides hours of fun . i also like the fact that it is large with vibrant colors .
this is a beautifully made , well constructed game that will last generations . i just love it . it's simple but challenging for smaller kids .
cute learning toy . i would recommend it to everyone . they can string it and then start over . learning skills as they play .
perfect addition to the dollhouse family ! my daughter loves the set and that each pet has food as well . thanks !
this is a great product , worth the price . balloons don't pop easily , which made me happy . very pleased with purchase , would recommend it .
i bought a color changing top for my kids and they loved it so much that i bought one for my nephew . excellent toy .
received our angry bird pig plush and it is great ! my son loves it and has added it to his collection .
ordered this for my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter-is very cute but is too difficult for her to understand-even for her grandparents !
we really enjoyed the base game , but have more than 4 people in our household , so having the ablilty to expand to 6 players was exceptionally sweet .
the phone is cute and the audio is good , my kids aren't overly attched to it though .
these little shoes always get lost so i was happy to be able to purchase a lot of them . halelujah !
good kids toy five plnes of different colors easy assembly and fly well indoors and outdoors
item received as imaged and described . a nice inexpensive bag of sharks . we purchased the as bath toys for our kids .
my beyblade loving son loved the fact that the writing on the packaging was in japanese - " a real japanese beyblade " .
grandchildren love playing with the bubble guppy characters . they give them stimulating make-believe play time when they play with gil , molly and puppy .
great strength training tool for babies . by the age of one a child should be able to pop the " beads " apart .
the leappad 2 eats batteries . this has been a life saver because i'm sure the cost of replacement batteries every few days would be insane .
for those wondering where's jasmine , she's available for special order ... you can find the order form in the aladdin dvd / vhs .
love this sidewalk chalk . the pastel colors look beautiful and they don't seem to break as easily as some of the cheaper sidewalk chalk .
granddaughter loves it ! and is learning so much from it , and how to follow directions all at the same time of having fun !
washable markers are always a great idea when ti comes to kids . no worries about marks on walls or furniture .
my grandson loves him .. and .. bought it as a set with bashgreat condition and is as i expected it would be
this is a great game but to be honest i liked the original the best . this is difficult for a child to get the cards in right
this was a gift for my 10 year old granddaughter who loves arts and crafts . turned out lovely and we enjoyed doing one together . would recommend .
i haven't hooked up to an mp3 player but my daughter enjoys playing with it . the songs aren't full length .
i ordered these for my 6 yr for christmas and he just loves them . the quality is great , thanks learning resources !
chessex has been around a long time . see no difference between these dice and the ones i had from them 20 years ago .
seem to work fine . i haven't tested the " washable " aspect . i bought washable more as a precaution for visiting cousins .
this is a very fun light up toy ! your little one can carry it around with the handle . my little cousin won't put his down !
not only is it a puzzle that teaches problem solving but also teaches the subtle differences between the insects and the pieces make great toys by themselves too .
my son loves his petey plush . he is very rough with all of his plushes and petey is still in good shape .
gave to teacher and she really like the packaging and colors . the pencil sharpeners included were a nice addition as well . good pigmentation in the colors .
fisher price has so many great gift for kids of all ages ! i like that it is soft and cuddly ! i am hooked on fisher price toys !
i loved the detail put into this toy . the scales and finger webbing are to die for and the added wrist joint really helps with posing
item has to be watched carefully for language - but if its clean the kids love them . amazon has a great selction so i'll be back here often
the grand kids havent put it down sence it arrived today , they love it and this is nice for us , keeps kids busy ...
great game , some classics cannot be improved on . this game would be great for travel since dice is in a bubble .
i ordered the lego star wars elite clone trooper and commando droid for my grandson for christmas and he was excited to receive them .
great selection of products for my little artist . the paint cups keep the mess down , the paint brushes are durable and easy to clean .
the vespa bike is the new mold that appear on lego set 10243 " parisian restaurant " but in a different girly color
my grandson loves these . they seem to be very durable an he can easily manipulate them with their size . good quality .
love it ! ! ! well made , good detail , soft n the color is so cute ! ! i almost bought a cheaper brand but glad i didn't
i bought these for a great price , and they work just as well as the name brand for a fraction of the cost .
my son plays with the this for hours . he has so many different options to build with the planes . he is pleased
what more can i say ? this game is hilarious ! definitely one of my top 5 favorite party games . for sure .
my grand-daughter loves ariel ! she is two . these are neat as they can go into her bath water and she can play mermaids to her heart's content .
my son ( 2 years old ) like this toy . but need buy more wooden figure for train it will be more intresting .
makes the game more funner ! it is a must have if you enjoy the game . yes i am an awful person .
this is our favorite book with tag jr . the characters each have their own voice . it is so fun for the toddlers and adults actually .
we bought this for our 5 year old son and he loves it . it has a lot of fun games to keep kids entertained while also teaching them .
this was a little hard for my 4 year old to manuver but after some practice and playing it with her , she got it and loves it . :)
harry is not as harry as i thought he would be , but this is a fun game . only if it had more vampires
this was fun to listen to it talk to the castle and the castle talk to it . it is hugh though and alittle overwhelming .
love this little laptop helpful for kids to learn , very educational and super easy for toddler to figure out how to use
i thought this plane was going to be bigger but it is really small . still i recommend it as it is pretty and my son loved it .
very happy when this series came out in december . it was time girls were included in the lego world.my granddaughter loves this series .
i do recommend this it is cheap and takes slow to get to you but it's worth the wait , for the price
i ordered tis for my grandson and he was very happy with it . i would reccomend this for other little ones .
very big ... good size , soft and great quality . overall great plush . excellent value for the money . a must for angry birds fans and collectors .
a christmas gift that worked out well for the family . puzzles are always a good choice of gift the whole family can enjoy .
i love this cleo . her outfit is beautiful and her two tone hair.the shoes are pretty.this is great for play or display .
you get a lot of band for the price and they do not break very easy . i would buy them again .
both me and my son love how these cars are friction powered . give it a little push and off it goes .
this particular design is challenging and not too busy for a 18mo old puzzle lover ! she follows the bead to the end ... a pre reading skill !
we keep coming back ! we have these in the waiting room at our medical clinic and the kids love them !
our 22 month old loves his new toy ! recently he noticed the animals on it too ! it's so much fun !
this is probable our most played with toy . my daughter is 20 months . she spends all day playing with this set !
my seven year old's love this game . they have even come up with ways to play it alone . easy enough to play for smaller children .
my grand kids use these all the time to feed their " babies " . they work great and the price was good .
this is cute ... sending it as part of a gift for a soon to be born little girl . hope momma & baby will love it .
great grandson loves it and does a good job of hitting the ball too . satisfied with all my orders from amazon as receive promptly and just like described .
great game for when my grandson comes over bc he likes to play this with me and it's fun for a child or adult
the car is cute and comes with a mom and baby girl that fit in the other little people sets .
this toy , along with the other thomas trains , is die cast metal and thus seems very sturdy . i would highly recommend it .
it was ok my 5 year old and 7year old kinda liked it but thought it would have been better . shipping was on time though . thanks
i just got this . it's not what i expected . it's flimsy but fairly durable . definitely not worth the price in my opinion . maybe $ 5 .
this toy is the most beautiful i never had bougth ... its very fun and terrific , my son is enjoys it
holiday gift and very happy with the quality and construction of this toy ! great purchase for the bucks ! would give this gift again and again !
my grand daughter loves anything owl and she will love these stickers ! i liked the price and its worth the money .
the view master is still a fun toy for all . my daughter loves it . it's durable as always .
granson was very pleased with the productsent ne a picture with the finished producti think it was a successful gift
it's so so so cute , just as it looks in the picture . however , it's color is slightly duller than it shows .
another christmas gift for grandson , who loves the movie cars and planes ... he played with this immediately and he seemed to love it .
our seven month old granddaughter loved grabbing the bowling pins . each is unique and soft . our 3 year old grandson had fun bowling .
all wooden train items are popular with this train loving boy including this 6 " bump track . good addition to thomas train stuff .
fun for my son and it comes with a little lightning mcqueen that it vacuums up . goes well with diecasts
we opened it on chistmas and played with it but it didn't hold anyone's interest . maybe better for some one who is very interested in optical illusions .
got this for my grandson's 5th birthday . his friend has one and he requested one for his birthday so of course i had to buy it for him !
this was a very nice gift . the packaging was good and the magna doodle itself was a great toy to give a young child .
my child seems to be interested in it for a little bit and is with in age recommendation . not a great toy .
well made entertaining , but my granddaughter was a little beyond this game when i got it . she taught me to play the game
my seven year old grandaughter received this girl as a ventines day gift , she was really happy with this gift .
i love the colorful melissa and doug floor puzzles ! they are fun to put together and usually educational too .
brand new still in casing . perfect for long rides or kids that spend lengthy times in the car . guaranteed to keep your toddler occupied
the molds are in crazy positions like under the ear below the tail . my daughter is three and it is just too difficult for her to self play .
this workbench is very cute . it makes lots of fun sounds and plays songs . my 1 year old really likes it .
gift for a 5yr old .. she seemed to have loved it & had no complaints .. my 1st time buying these dolls .
the picture on this puzzle is very vivid and real looking , and the pieces are thick and fit together well . you won't be disappointed .
my 6 year old nephew likes pirates of the carribean and legos so there couldnt have been a better gift for him !
i really think this is the most cutestof all the dream lite pets ! i really like this one and i have purchased 3 .
so cute ! love the design and the quality is superior ! a must buy for a little girl's kitchen . my daughters plays with it constantly .
this was a great gift for my 10 year old niece - she has enjoyed , the two password options have made it more fun .
this thing is dumb and useless and of very cheap quality . i was pretty disappointed . so was my son , after the first five minutes .
happy to find this item on amazon , it's not available in stores where i live . wish it cost a little less though .
arrived on time and well packaged . as described and grandson happy . he loves bey blades made by takara / tomy thanks for great service .
these are okay . they're not fabulous and i'd prefer them in plastic now that i have them . plastic would make them easier to wash !
these worked great . for the beginner , it was good to not use more powerful engines that will launch the rocket up too high . great product .
its just like the picture , everything you read in the description and everything you see in the picture is exacly what you are gonna get .
ok party favors , kids had fun with them , but of course don't last long and the lenses pop out easily .
add on item , so good price , it will be a good introduction brush set to use , lets see how long it lasts .
i am happy with this musical mirror that i bought for my grandaughter for christmas . all the grandchildren loved it and i should have bought 3 more . :)
this is going to be great , got it as a stocking stuffer , my cousin is going to love it so much !
it's very affordable . it's cute but not very detailed . my son was very happy with it . the quality and thickness was ok .
we love this toy ! my son loves sitting and patiently putting all of the coins into the piggy bank . great for patience , and learning and counting !
my nephew is having a blast with his elf . every morning it is a thrill to see what his elf was up to the night before .
i have heard the gift was well liked and easy for an 8 year old to use . as it was a gift i haven't seen the performance yet .
this is an excellent gift for a grandchild . entertains them for hrs.durable , ease of use , grandmas can do it also
this is a high quality airplane . it is actually fairly large and is very durable ! i would recommend this product .
your little ones will love these gabba squirters . durable plastic and accurate looks . fun in the tub or in the sun !
my son enjoys it , he plays w / it everyday and he's always showing off 2 the kids that comes and visits
my daughter & son-in-law have been enjoying this with their 3 children after their dinner .
my grandson already had mario and a few other plushes . i thought this would " complete " his set.he loves it ! ! !
these are great . small enough for little fingers and has enough materials for a lot of fun . another winner by melissa and doug
this was a gift for christmas for a three year old who loves jake and the pirates . it has provided many hours of imaginary fun .
our grandson loves this software . it is already a favorite that he goes to each and every day for some quality playtime .
my daughter from the philippines is crazy for monkeys . she loves this toy ! it makes noises and moves a lot .
too hard to work with for my 8 year old . very frustrating but she kept trying so worth the time it kept her busy .
this is an awesome toy , and my son loves it but it is a bit pricey . this was an awesome christmas present for my son .
my little boy loves this neat little gadget . he plays with it in the sandbox , and also when he's in his pool !
can't go wrong with legos--as long as you don't step on them ! my daughter loves them and i enjoy building too .
just like the one when your kid . it is so fun . forgot how about these things are though . ha ha
got this for my 6yr old son who asked for it for christmas and now my 3 yr old wants one ! very large and great to sleep with :)
my daughter loves this tea set . unfortunately , she always wants to fill it up with water and make a mess !
this doll is really cute . her outfit was very stylish . my niece was very pleased and carries it everywhere . quality product .
good quality . i love these dolls from the disney store . such quality at such a low price . my 4 yr old loves him .
this is a great toy for learning how to spell and read ! all the melissa & doug products are built so sturdy .
i bought these to use as rewards for my classroom . the kids loved them . they have to earn so many points in order to get them .
it was still in the box and sealed and worked just fine with the innotab . kids are enjoying their gift
this is a fun game and i think it could be added to anyone's game collection . it is a little bland though .
good quality , durable my son is only 11 months and he like to play with it . my 3year old likes it to .
active 9 month old grandson loves putting the bucket inside each other and rolling them on the floor .
a little small but very cute . fits almost all his cars in the t rex's mouth . he loves launching the cars .
this furniture is fragile but very nice ! my girls play with it everyday in thier doll house ! they are already saving up for the next set .
beautiful doll with colorful dress and wings that disappear when the fairy princess turned into barbie again . lovely gift that was received with much happiness .
my daughter easily tired of this sesame street game , not much variety even for young kids . needs more features and activities .
these are the best plastic , play fruits you will find . my daughter loves them and they are very realistic in size and color . highly recommend !
it took qute sometime to understand how to play . this does not keep the kids playing . they loose interest within 30 mins
very well made and bright colors . i think my grandson will enjoy his spider man for a very long time !
item exactly as described . bought it as a christmas present . little brother loved it ! great hero facory lego product ! !
not really worth the extra money . get the regular version or the small travel edition if you can find it ( i'd give that one 5 stars )
the cart , the chair , he bench , the everything is so pretty . the colors they are painted are bod and not dull . love it !
when you purchase this , for sure the kids will love it ! highly recommended . very interactive and fun to play with !
omg the kids and parents loved thisway cool and fun no matter how old u are . even the guys liked it ... lol
i bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it . the attention to detail was good and all in all well made .
melissa & doug make great toys . high quality construction . educational . good gift for a small girl or boy . highly recommend .
i can see that this is going to have a lot of use over time , but it's not something we play with a lot in any one go .
my 7 year old son had endless fun transporting the goods / cargoes ! highly recommended .
perfect crayon set for a boy preschool or kindergarten age ... nice durable crayons with a cute container ! great for your lil artist !
i have all the other cards against humanity , so of course i had to get the third expansion . great game ! love to play !
my three year old loves this game . he plays it all the time . the mobigo is a great educational console
not a pokemon expert . cards in excellent condition , and my kids are fighting over them . win win
but my grandson likes that it glows in the dark . considering the other characters , it is probably a standard issue character .
my daughter loves this . there are lots of detailed pieces and so far seems durable . the packaging was reletivly easy to get everything out .
we already had paddles and waddlesfairbanks seemed like a natiral addition.he is cute and soft . he fits right in .
good price and service , my grand daughter loves to push it all over the house , i get such a kick out of watching her play with it .
our kids love this thing , but we wish it was outfitted with a plug so that we wouldn't have to invest in so many batteries .
my daughter loves the lights and music . she plays with all of the rings also , even before she could really use the stacker . i would recommend .
my whole family is completely hooked on this game . it's a great workout for your mind , and fun enough that we don't want to put it down .
these are really cute , and the kids are really going to like them . they are made with a thick durable rubber and are very cute .
mailed to older grands & family for together game night--loved it--kept their attention & provided great group time and many laughs--without batteries !
great little tractor and truck , kids love to play with them so far not broke but summer is coming so we will see
bough for gifts for my daughters friends . nice size . substantial for a birthday gift and the little girls love them !
these are very small ( as described ) and perfect for small hands . they are great for children 3 + who are not too rough with their toys .
i bought this for my 2 year old daughter for christmas and she really likes it . it is a nice book
these are pretty small , and they're a bit hard to manage getting the water into . but they're strong and they make great water balloons .
my 1 1/2 year old grandson just loves this ! ! i liked it because it wasn't too noisy ! he loves the sound and the light !
i ordered these to go with a ball pit that only came with a few balls in it . works great !
very nice version of franky and the price is very interesting but the dog is not very nice , she don t hve a bag but nice i like it
we love the lego friends series - this kit is cute and comes with a lot of pieces for the money !
this is another gift that i have purchases for my grandson , age 10 , as a gift for christmas and we will open them up christmas day
was falling apart when it arrived ... but the price was right and it was a gag gift anyway ! wouldn't purchase for a child .
my four year old loves her frog ! this was the closest duplicate to the fifi frog from preschool . its so fluffy and soft . perfect cuddly size !
both my kids , ages 3 and 5 , love this game . i should have gotten two of them because they are constantly fighting over it .
my granddaughters love anything to do with art . needless to say having 64 markers made them very happy . and these are washable !
these little pillow pets aren't very fluffy . i think they need to stuff these a bit more . regardless my little girl likes it .
it holds water and let's it out . nothing special , kids don't really seem to like it . not worth the price .
my 5 and 3 year old both loved this toy you can do so much with it and you can even see inside the shark !
my son loves nerf so much and this is a great addition to his collection . he enjoyed playing with this together with his cousin
this is one of my two favorite expansions for dominion . the mechanism is awesome . highly recommended if you do not own it yet .
these crayons were purchased for my granddaughter's zoo themed birthday . they are kid sized and worked perfectly for the favor bags . definitely would order again .
i got this for my two year old as a christmas gift . i think she is going to love it ! !
this item was for a birthday gift .. the item was right on time but i haven't heard how the experience usage is .
my granddaughter was very happy with this outfit . she enjoys changing clothes on her doll every day . this outfit is well made .
not well mixed of car type in the package i received . only sport cars and buggies with a mini as " bonus " car .
this balancing bird is terrific . it keeps my grandkids busy for hours.it ' s fascinating to see how well the weight is distributed . thank you .
it is beautiful when turned on at night . my granddaughter's loved it as a birthday gift . easy to put together .
this is a cute accessory for the little lalaloopsy dolls . they are kinda hard to put in the tea cups , especially for little fingers .
a very cute monkey . my daughter loves it . carries it where ever she goes ... ( very recommended ) for girls :) :)
we gave this picnic basket to our 1 - yr-old granddaughter , who liked it . but our 4 - yr-old granddaughter liked it even more !
i bought this power adapter mainly to keep my child entertained while traveling in our suv . it has really delivered .
this doll is made really well & so cute . bought this for my niece & she loves her ! looks just like her as well . would recommend
purchased this for my daughter's second birthday next month . candle is super cute and arrived super fast . can't ask for more than that , right ? !
my son is crazy about the disney planes movie . i have bought all these disney planes characters that appear in the movie for my son .
my daughter is 2 1/2 years and this puzzle is great for her . she loves seeing the picture then spelling out her words . its truly educational .
if you have an artsy girly-girl , this is the bag for you ! my girls loved coloring this bag and having their own design - so fun !
the white angry birds plush 5 - inch was a great gift for my 7 year old grandson . he loved it . thanks
this truck was given as a gift to a 5 year old . he loves ups ! he even dressed up as a ups man one year for halloween !
there are not a lot of options for finding toys that include robin . my grandson was delighted . i found it to be priced too high .
the zingo sight words game has really helped out my 5 yo with learning his sight words while making learning fun .
my 2 year old grandson loves thomas and friends trains ... i just started buying them for him and he loves this one as well
my granddaughter is in love with all things my little pony so this put a very big smile on her face
the power of magnetic forces . a wonderment of motion . great teaching tool . seems to spin forever . nice desktop conversation starter .
a great toy for kids , especially if you want them playing with non-electronic toys . i recommend them for anyone with young children .
good size for my three year old . made well . she has fun with it and loves that it is pink
and very high quality chain is perfect for little girls and the box is even great . could have paid much more and still been pleased .
as always my grandson loves his legos and this one is one of his favorites . he is always excited to assemble the pieces .
this item is really bautiful . has many small pieces but fun for little girls . you can use lots of small dolls like polly pockets and mini lalaloopsy .
my granddaughter loves her mobigo games and this one is so pretty and well done . i appreciate the quality of the product .
purchased this case for the leapfrog leapstergs explorer game . it seems well made and i think it will protect the game well .
this game is great for travel because there are not any pieces involved and each player only needs their own card .
loved this leappad gel skin cover to cover up my little ones green leappad ( that was the only one i could find when i purchased ) .
great easter toy for our 3 yr old grandson can't wait to give him this surprise . he and his older brother can play fireman all day .
i gave it to my grandson for christmas .. he called and said he loves it and cant wait play lol
these are great pj's that fit american girl dolls well . i got it for my daughter for christmas and she adored it .
this puppet was a super hit with my son . just a super toy , i couldn't be more pleased with my purchase . awesome puppet !
her baby loves it so much mom can't turn it off without a fuss . perfect for a sweet little princess .
our boy just loves it . we had to hide it from him for awhile because he was constantly playing with it . highly recommended .
good toy for little boys . they love the tranformer stuff . well made and grandson love it . well made and priced .
lego pirates of the caribbean black pearl 4184this series i intend to collect ! ! great set , have you will know ! ! discount when buying a good !
does very little . the pens are basically useless no matter their temperature . we ended up with tears over the disappointment of this gift .
the box came a bit damaged but the ship was intact . it would have been nice to include a few more pirates .
bought for 14 year old and the entire family loves playing . definatelay a challenge th is both enjoyable and frustrating .
my grandson loved the gift . he loves to draw . it was a great price for the pack . i would recommend this to others .
the fur has a nice sparkle and a shimmery shine , but there's no glitter in it that might come off .
my son just loves flash sagittario ! it's his " precious " ! haha . he would not buy anything else but takara tomy beyblades .
a great addition to any webkinz collection . or good for any rabbit lover . added to my sons easter basket and he loved it ! ! !
my grandchildren loved this . they would have us build so they could knock down . they would play with this every time they came to visit .
this game isn't probably the best to travel with due to the small peg pieces and such . entertained only one person for a short time .
nice variety . easily squashed if child is too rough , but it's as good as any plastic play food i've bought .
i bought this as a holiday gift for one of my nephews this year . classic and simple ... easy for children to learn .
this is a cute toy . super durable like most wooden thomas toys . can be used anywhere , including on the track .
bought two of these for my grand children . they love them and it is comfortable for them to fall asleep on while in the car seat .
my family loves yo gabba gabba , and these beanie babies were a great stocking stuffer . they are great quality , and my kids love them .
we already had the first set . this adds to what my boys already have . now they can build bigger forts to topple over .
this was a fun toy and thoroughly enjoyed by my daughter . she had hours of fun playing with it . it came well boxed and shipped in time .
i glued the milk bottle down with super glue before he got a hold of it but other then that its a great set to have on the train table
cute little guy , just know he is smaller then amazon states . but still cute as can be
our granddaughter loved the movie so i felt sure she would love the games to help her learn through the summer and she does !
looks good will have to wait till xmas to see what it is like i am sure my grandson will like it good price
kids had fun with this but it requires set up by someone with patience . overall a great little game for kids .
the smile on the face of my granddaughter when playing with these required me to give it the highest rating ! ! !
we bought this as a present for my nephew and he adored it . it's a great and interesting lego kit .
i bought my 4 year old an innotab for christmas . i think she'll love this game and her new innotab ! !
exactly what we wanted for grandson , to add to his collection of thgomas wood trains . arrived very quickly in good packaging
great gift . kids love it and play with it often , happy with purchase . great brand . i have kids ages 2-8 and they all play with item
major hit in this household for my 4 year old . he loves potato head , and spiderman , so there's no way to go wrong with this one .
got this for my little sister who absolutely loves daryl . she has this proudly displayed and loves this plush little guy .
these were much smaller than i imagined - maybe 18 inches in length . but they were still cool to give out to the kids .
this guy is so adorable ! ! my son loves him . the pea in his mouth comes out and is attached to a string so cute . buy it
don't waist your money . i bought 2 you can hardly see the lines and the nobs don't work very well . in the trash
this set is fine . the price was very nice compared to other sets . we love it and would recommend it .
awesome toy , a hit with my 3 yr old ! he loves to pretend it can fly while he manually rotates the propeller .
i got this at a great discounted price , and was pleasantly surprised to see that it worked as well as it did .
these were listed as silly bandz but they were knockoffs . kids are kids and they want the real deal . disappointing .
all of the ticket to ride games are excellent . they are fun , addicting , and educational . exciting for the entire family !
my kids love to pretend they are " working at home " like mommy . lots of fun and very durable .
kaylee loves the doll furniture , it goes with the other rooms that the family memebers brought for her ... she plays with it every day ..
yuck - the holes are way to big making this game boring and not challenging at all . this game has seen better days
this was purchased for our 2 yo grandson and he started playing with it as soon as it was unwrapped !
my grandson loved the farm animal set , he liked the animals in the train , it is built sturdy and should last a while
my daughter loves these utensils . they are very well made and dont come across cheap like other play cookware.fun color .
if you need a bunch of little snakes , this is the perfect pack . our kids like the variety in the colors too .
he loves to play his leapster leapfrog ni hao kai lan . it keeps him entertained and away from doing miss happs around the house
not much to say . it's a pen and has lots of colors . my 8 year old loves it and that is good enough for me .
kid loved it . got it for her christmas and she has not put it down since . very glad we got it !
my 7 year old niece loves this kit ! great for creativity . i highly recommend it for indoor activity time ! yes
my kids love rubber ducks and these safari print ducks were a lot of fun and continue to be fun . great item for the price .
bought one for my grandson and then purchased another for my nephew . great product to prop them in . they love the colorful fabric and activities .
nice color , really impressive . great for any collector . good packaging which doubles for a nice dispaly case . i would recommend ths one .
bought this for my granddaughter for christmas she loves it and takes it with her i think it was pricey but you get what you pay for
fantasy flight games has a real winner with their x-wing game . everything you need is included with each ship model .
my granddaughter loved it . so nice to have a special non-electronic gift that she can play with creatively . she will enjoy it for years to come .
this pack came with a lot of great colors but the bottles are a little small . it didn't take long before we went through the bottle .
this is a darling & durable little car . my granddaughter loves playing with it as it's easy to use the controls . i highly recommend it .
i love melissa & doug toys . they are well worth the price ! i got a few sets for my baby . i love them .
my 2 and 4 year old boys love these rescue bot toys . they are easy to transform and have given them hours of playtime ! !
my child loves playing with the shapes and placing them into the bin . he has played and enjoyed many hours with this toy .
these trucks are beasts ! ! ! the batteries lasts a good amount of time ! they are super powerful ! ! ! all around great trucks ! !
this was a christmas wish gift and it is truly adored . one of the prettiest barbies i've seen in awhile .
all the pieces , one more and new suit of iron man and of course the war machine .. ! lego is awesome
this arrived on time and was in great condition . i bought fif a 4 year old boy and loves playing with it
got this for my 5 year old nephew . i'm not sure who has more fun with it - him or my husband or me !
love the magnet easel ... great for moving to different areas ... wish it had some sort of non skid pad on bottom though ...
my grandson loved shopping with these and placing them in his new melissa & doug shopping cart . the tops open up which was an unexpected plus .
we purchased this for his bday and he loves ithe named it sharkeyhe sleeps with it every night :)
my son loves this truck . we got it along with the larger landfill set and he has had a blast playing with them !
work great for car rides so that my daughter can play her games and i don't lose my mind . awesome quality too .
disney little people princesses are great . these figures really help a little girl explore her imagination and creativity which is awesome
my granddaughter loves this and plays with it all the time . it is one of her favorite toys . good quality
we have a small house and we keep this in our living roomgreat value . fits snugly against a wall .
i purchased this as a bday gift for my friends daughters 3rd birthday . i got a call as soon as she received saying that she absolutely loves it !
this was our daughters absolute favorite summer toy , it is very cute and sturdy . we bought two and one became a sand table
great addition to the klip klop castle . if you buy multiple single sets , you can build a longer ramp with the food box and ramps .
this was just what i was looking for to add to the kitchen . my grandkids are enjoying the set . i also thought it was a good price .
great package of a fun game that is family friendly and spans all age groups ! the package arrived on time .
a very beautiful figure , with amazing details and colors . it's perfect to give your kid's farm collection a magical touch .
love the board . can transport easily . good to take to restaurant to play as we wait for our meal to be served .
a christmas gift for our grandson which we feel will keep him busy . we encourage individual play . he will be one in just a few weeks .
my kids love these . the marker gets all over their hands but they love to decorate it and then wash and do it again .
my granddaughter is 3 and loves cinderella . she has otherprincess duplos and was so excited to receive this one .
these made such a perfectly cute addition to the goodie bags i made , coming in a wide range of colors , and a large quantity .
bought this a few years ago for a leapster and it's still being used today . it has some learning components within the game .
don't buy with a child that chews toys , paint seems to wear off . other than that i'd say its fine .
i can't wait to play this game with my grandson ! i think this might keep him busy for a little while !
such a cute little toy . love the small box , makes it feel even more play like . it's actually a decent telescope for the price !
this toy has a variety of things to do and see for a toddler . it's easy and fun for her to use and a very good educational toy .
my grand daughter plays with her castle for hours . got her a variety of people made to play with and she loves it .
this was a gift for a granddaughter . i have not seen her use it so i cannot comment on the quality but it did arrive on time .
my grandson loves military and liked this ship to add to his collection . detailed and fun for him and his playtime
i own several of these mcfarlane statues and they are a must have ! they have such detail to them it's almost as though they can come to life !
great ! we bought two of these , one for a grand daughter and a blue eared one for our newest grandson and they are so cute and educational .
the grand daughters love their dolls . was added to their barbie collection . it was an excellent price for an excellent product .
it has been so long since i purchased these , i can't remember much about it but i do love fisher price toys .
my grandson absolutely loves this toy . he pops the balls in over and over . well worth the cost for this gift .
very cute idea and my daughter uses these every day . a small hole appeared on it , however , it wasn't anything that grandma couldn't fix .
again this gun sucks don't buy unless for decoration.buy nerf brand and don't get disappointed.if you choose to buy this then have fun for 5 mins until it breaks .
this is just all right . i don't love it , but it is fine . it does work for little hands , but not great .
brings me back some memories :) , my daughter loved to play with these , we also gave some to some little kids and it was a smile maker
the grandkids like this very much . the pieces are bright & easy to hold . many delightful hours have been spent playing .
rick grimes is a take charge kinda guy . the product is the full package and a must have for anyone who collects walking dead
simple enough and easy to start a young toddler to play with train . he absolutely loves it , can concenrate playing with it and improves his motor skills .
our daughter got this for christmas . she loves it . she loves to dance to the music and play with the food . really great for imaginative play !
it's awesome for your little play doh kids . gives them a good variety to cut slice roll and whatever they can smash . good price too .
a nice addition to my grandson's thomas collection . like all of the thomas pieces , these are well made and durable .
my grandson saw this in the stores and was extremely surprised when he received this for christmas and we had fun all playing this game
very well made . my grandchildren have played many hours with this set and they still look like they are brand new .
plastic glasses with two flashlights attached but a fun product none the less . my son and his friends think they are great .
this has been loads of fun . i like the suitcase , because it makes pick up time very easy . very durable .
very nice . my granddaughter will love having tea with her doll for christmas this year . i bought it so she could use it with her american doll .
good stuyrd buy it is good for the sand and water my child loves it it has help make her time in the dirt more fun
you need more ammo with the zing air hunterz z-curve bow . 3 is too little , 6 is just right . these are made very well .
just what my daughter wanted for her play kitchen , they looked real and the set was a good price compared to other ones at big box stores .
so much fun ... love to play ! a lot of fun for kids and fir their families.it is awesome to play this game with my grand child .
this toy is so small i would be afraid the baby would swallow it . i have gotten better toys from vendors for free .
my son loves minifigures , so we keep an eye out for some new or unusual ones . this one came quickly and is just what he wanted .
this was my 4 year old granddaughter's favorite gift at her birthday party . not much else to say than that !
these things look real to anyone not expecting them . great for pranking friends at the office or anyone that is easily scared or creeped out by a roach .
this set was so helpful for my grand niece . used the set all summer . certainly more than worth the money .
the doll made an excellent gift for my daughter , it was as per description and worked quite well and the doll was well packaged .
my 5 year old loves these . he has 3 . holding up well and easy for a young child to figure out how to transform without directions
this was a big hit with the boys , they use it all the time and fight over that we don't have enough of them to play with .
my 18 month old loves this tent and tunnel . it's bigger than i expected but hopefully she'll be able to enjoy it for longer .
this product is of nice quality , like real but kid-sized . i wonder if it can go into the oven ? hmmm .
my niece likes this board game , she enjoys playing it with her friend next door . a girl who likes princesses and board games should enjoy this !
bought this for my son . he is a great big fan of thomas the train . he uses it for naps in the car and to cuddle with .
this is great for toddlers who are learing shapes and to color . it's fun to see what their imaginations will come up with .
cool concept but daughter said it was hard to figure it out . don't recomend this toy very pricey , s * * * ty toy
lots of fun for kids & adults . shoots far . easy for my 3 yr old granddaughter to use ! bright colors too
if you're looking for a tie fighter to hold your things , well have you found it ! this holds things and looks like a tie fighter .
these are good sturdy vegetables that can be washed and tossed around and they have a good feel and likeness
iron man rules . great figure and fits in scale with the rest of my collection . watch the review on youtube from shartimusprime .
purchased for my grand daughter . she loved it ! looked for a different kind , but this worked . will purchase more . :-)
nice and fluffy and big ... the kids love him ! we have the panda pillow pet as well and this one is cooler !
arrived fast and was a ton of fun ! recommend this game for anyone who is game for playing against the politically correct rules .
easy to put together . bright , colorful - a look at 20 of the spices commonly used around the world . how many can you identify ?
thank you , im very happy with the purchase monster high lagoona blue shower playset , i'm super satisfied , of excellent quality
the boys love the trucks , they have bright colors and look like they were built well . the boys play with them all the time .
what is not to like . great ideas rolled into one item . easy to clean up the drawings for new work .
does a flip and barks perfect for my 5 year old she loves him great price ! worth the buy ! happy
my girls love this game , to the point they fight over it , i love the humor and the different levels of drawing lessons , recommend it !
my 8 year old still plays these games and still loves them . she plays them almost everyday doing math and reading .
hard to find cartridges for leapster 2 console . grandchild loves this product and it was priced so that we could purchase 2 cartridges .
this was the hit of christmas ! all the granddaughters wanted it . it's very soft and cute . i'll have to order more !
nice product . i bought it because it looks like my old cat named marie . my daughter was happy to receive it .
it doesn't fit well in some areas of both homes we purchased . i think it should fit everywhere in the home .
granddaughter couldn't wait to set it up after she opened this on christmas , it was everything it says and more .
our 7 year old grandson wanted this game and he loves it . perfect family game to grow into also . not a kiddy game .
granddaughter needed some extra pens for the thing ... extended her enjoyment of it . the entire aquadoodle is a really cool thing for our 3 year old .
my scene lovers need to stop hating on bratz.these dolls are an example of cheap pieces of crap ! their heads pop off and they coppied off bratz ! !
i bought this for my 12year old little cousin . she loved it ! i liked it cause of the high quality material .
good price for 300 pieces . nice colors . two sizes of tablets . make the water looks really pretty . perfect for the kids .
really liked this once it was put together and my granddaughter seems to love it ; she is 6 and played with it all day on christmas
my grandchildren love this phone . the lights and sound are loud enough to entertain the children , without driving us nuts .
i bought each of my kids this pen . son is 8 ; daughter 6 . they had fun with the pens even though they couldn't do the magic .
bought this for my grandson ( age 10 ) for christmas . he loved it and has gotten hours of fun putting the legos together . enough said !
i was excited to get these for my 3 year old . one came with the battery already dead . and the others run out quickly .
this game is so much fun , keeps everyone laughing and entertained ! fun for group games and a great ice breaker !
great product - hit of the season - all kids love it . quality is great , highly recommended to all ages ~
this is a simple wand , inexpensive but hold up . it is thick for a young child's grip . i've sat for many magic shows so far !
daughter loves this kitchen . has everything that mommy's kitchen has . she particularly loves the phone . over all for the price was great .
my son bought this with his christmas money . he has all four and loves them . they are fun toys for the price .
if you have vtech's this is a must . purchased so grandkids could use their vtech's christmas day . a good buy
my two year old daughter loves her chair . she puts her stuffed animals and dolls in it and feeds them . a great buy and good quality !
purchased this back in 2011 and its still going strong . both my sons love to play with it . drives me batty but as long as they're happy !
it is nice but how do you store this stuff and keep all of the pieces together ? it is easy for the kids to set up
i bought this for my son for christmas . he's played with it maybe once . & he loves sports & footballs .
i got this as a gift for my fiance since he is all about the zombies . he thought it was great .
these pots and pans are a perfect complement to a little child's play kitchen . great quality . our granddaughter is delighted and so are we .
got one already . just don't need another one . would of saved if knew someone else . quality of these toys are great .
great introductory game to people unfamiliar with tile laying area control games . every time you play the game is different . must have for any gamer .
simple product but nicely made and my daughter likes it a lot so i guess that makes it a success story
i bought this for my grandson and my daughter said he loves playing ... still waiting to visit so i can play with him .
this was an easter gift for one of my granddaughters . she loves it and mom appreciates the fact that it is mess free !
another great hohner musical instrument for toddlers . super adorable and works well with a clear pleasant sound . would even buy these as gifts .
my three year old loves anything that resembles cars . he is learning shapes really fast with mater and mcqueen . thanks
i bought this for my 18 month old for christmas . she loved it ! the animals are adorable and interchangeable with other little people play sets .
it broke down in the very first use . just putting the batteries . i could not connect it . this is a waste of money .
sturdy construction . nice and smooth on the inside . rich colors . my two year daughter with down syndrome enjoys these immensely .
kids love making a book about themselves and sharing the information with others . i recommend it for ages 6 and up .
i found it very cool , the twins will love playing with him . however it is more a toy heavy a good start .
was a good deal . will be telling friends and family . the price was average for her at the time of purchase
this works well for my daughter and she feel like she is a big helper . i have even used it and worked great
this one is really good because it talks about a lot of different dinosaurs and has games to play and little dino cards that it comes with .
my daughter loves this little stroller . it's very well made and adorable . she can push the babies all around the house easily now .
perfect gift for a little boy or little girl who likes the outdoors and to be with their mommy or daddy
a little less solid than the die cast vehicles we have , but he loves the helicopter and plays with them often . thanks amazon !
great quality ! fits two 12 inch princess dolls perfectly ! such fun for the kids to play with ! ! !
if you are buying dora gear , boot's is a must have . he is about as cute as it can get !
this is a great game ! i highly recommend buying the deluxe version with the board . it makes it much easier to play .
this castle is beautiful and very well made ! it is the usual high quality expected out of melissa & doug products . well worth the money !
total junk . does not work ! would not recommend ! it barely lets water out and the not tie is way to tricky to use especially for kids !
the added sound w / this toy delights both of the boys . i highly recommend it for ages 2 thru 7 . and it's a great buy .
this is such a great idea ... and my 18 month old loves it ! no pieces to lose , colorful & engaging , great toy ! !
my son was very excited to receive this new set . price was better than local stores . great addition to his lego collection .
this is a well made toy with nice bright colors , and does a good job watering and is a good size for a small child .
my kids love this horse they play with it everyday from cowgirls to rodeos it is a very big hit with our house .
my son was 3 and he loved this , though it takes very very grainy pictures but it's indestructible . he loved it
overall , the kids really like the pirate necklaces . i did have some trouble separating them out of the package without them getting tangled together .
my nephew is 2 and loves these . he plays with them all the time . they are very durable . wheels spin fast . great toy
i always like fisher price for babies even though this little one may be a little to young to work it now but will grow into it .
she loved this doll which is just different enough from her barbies and it helps during imaginative playtime . would not recommend for girls under 6 yo .
i have no complaints about this my son loves it and i'm sure it will last a long time . the blocks are wooden and thick , very durable .
my grandson loves this hamburger set that he can put together in different ways . these are good quality and should last .
its fun and funny ecpically with the hulk mask .. my family is really loven it so so so much
my daughter loves these . she really enjoys putting this together and playing with it . its pretty easy to assemble and requires very little assistance .
it works great and has already saved us money formally spent purchasing batteries . little boy is very content on those long car trips .
my 2 year old could spend hours playing on this bench . for the money you cant beat it . . .
we love that the backs is one large magnet , so there are no choking hazards . great quality and our daughter loves the animals .
love the bright colors . fun shapes and gives lots of entertainment . great gift for a 3 year old and up .
molly is cute and well made . she has been washed a few times and still looks great . my granddaughter loves her .
fun toy for kids . better price than on shelves with a larger selection of colors . prime shipping is great !
works great . my kids love playing with it . it's a fun and unique toy that is sure to keep kids occupied for hours .
our son loves this however the accessories constantly fall off . i don't think our son cares but it is frustrating .
very good learning tool for kids . i refused to buy my little brother a nintendo ds . im all for children learning and he loved this thing !
they seem to be well made . they don't break when stretched , so they take whatever punishment they get while being fashioned into bracelets .
if this mat works as good as it sounds , it will be well worth the money . i'm all about no mess !
great details on figure . hands down the best figures out there . once again crazy joe's out of the uk delivers .
these webkinz animals have been around a while , but they are still loved by the kids . i'm happy with the purchase .
good old family fun . great for family game nights.recommended , easy to assemble , easy storage place for game pieces with in the game boardgood buy .
son loved set - dragon is huge ! he had a good time building it ! i hate word limits with a passion .
i use this game as amotivational tool for my speech-therapy classes . the kids love it and it helps incorporate the visual component so many kids lack .
great price for this item and was here in no time very pleased with it . would recommmend to any one
bought this for my granddaughter . she loved it , she carries it all around and puts it in her buggy and pushes it all over the house .
my mother bought for my daughter . she loves it . it fits perfect for heramerican girl doll . very pretty , seems well made .
awesome for bigger kids ... but straps will be too wise for small kiddos , and quite heavy when full . works great ! ! !
i love that it has pink ! and white ! it's so rare to find those colors . great quality . gotta get this item !
i ordered this for my niece and she absolutely loves it ! it's even cuter in real life than it is in the picture !
there's a bunch of tablets in this container , and my little man loves the colored bath water ! doesn't seem to irritate his skin at all either .
the product was in perfect condition all the pieces were included nothing was missing . it went together well it was age appropriate
works great with my grandson's thomas train set . he loves it and so do i . right price , great delivery service and fun , fun , fun !
these little cars are awesome for my 2 yr old . he loves playing with and there are tons of different ways to make the cars .
my girls play it all the time . this is one of their favorite games . it helps keep them entertained on the way to grandma's and grandpa's .
cute doll . nothing wrong with her . she is just the same as any other la la loopsy doll . hard head and floppy .
i don't know anything about legos . i thought the building plates came with something to build but after reading it over i realized it was my mistake .
my four year old grandson loves dinosaurs so this was a prefect give for him . he has had hours of fun with this toy .
the variety of colors and styles was the reason i chose these shoes . my daughter and i were thrilled that she had more shoes for her barbie .
if you like the old space ghost cartoon , you will like this figure . it is well done and sturdy . good job hanna barbera .
i got this set because my son keep bitting on the form letters . this set has worked out perfectly , he enjoys it very much and its good learning
fun toy . lost the small shooter piece day 1 , i'm not sure my son remembers it had one so not a big deal .
it's not as easy putting them off from the side so it's an extra challenge compared to other similar toys . great buy .
i think its not suitable for my two year old son . but will keep it for when he is older .
cute stocking stuffer . different , unique and who doesn't love a cute little panda ? got for 3year old grandchild and they loved it . quite cute
these were given as christmas gifts . these are fun for both kids and adults . i would recommend them to a friend .
i bought it as a gift and it was just what i wanted to give . has everything needed to play .
got this for a 5 and 7 year old , but it didn't really hold their attention . i apparently guessed wrong .
my 8 year old received this for christmas as an addition to all of his coast guard sets and it's very nice , but rather small .
my kids love rc helicopters and i see this becoming one of their favorites . it's easy to maneuver and is very durable .
bought this for my 6 yo daughter.she loves it . she immediately write in it and store it in her special drawer.the lock is suprisingly pretty good quality .
gave this item to one of my great-nephews for his birthday in december . he was quite happy with it , and so was his older brother .
goes great in an outdoor fairy garden . very happy with the quality ! ! i love the safari toys for fairy garden props .
this game is so much fun ! the expansion pack definitely add a lot more variety , with no repeats . wonderful game for adults !
this was a gift for my grandson who loves jake and he has to go to sleep with him everynight .
fun game we laughter the whole time we played long time and we see what we know about the tv
cool toy my kids love it and i came so fast . thank you so much . the quality and the price is great.very nice learning toy
my 6 and 1/2 yr old daughter love crafts and loves making these easy to make headbands on her own
great dory . much larger than expected . my 2 year old can use it as a pillow very cute !
stop buying xbox or ps4 . they have contracts with the nsa to watch you and your family during private time . spooky ...
the necklace is adorable and my 2 year old daughter loves it . the box was broken in days though . chain is perfect length .
it's a great game for whole family . our daughters ( 5 and 8) have so much fun to play this game with us .
my grand-daughters love their american girl dolls , so they will like this addition to the dolls ' wardrobes . this is a christmas present .
i really liked this product is easy to carry and have fun a lot with children , they too will love watching their planes impulados by an electric motor
this is a very good action truck my grandson just loves this truck . has great detail to it i . would recommend this truck to anyone
found out they really are washable after five minutes of opening .. my son drew a lovely picture on the wall .. came right off . fwew !
it's the fourth time that i bought this brand of stickers and i'm not dissapointed . the stickers are easy to stick and re-stick .
this is cheaply made and does less for the money than other hot wheel track toys . and my expectations are pretty low .
disappointed . you have to unlock things . i paid for the game . my son doesn't know how to unlock things . it works great tho .
my 8 yr . old granddaughter loves it ! her and i played over and over again . would recommend . had fun playing it !
i bought my daughter a leapster gs and i looked for a charger and this charger came up . soooooo disappointing . does not work with the gs system .
tub crayons are a great toy for the bath , but these ones are smaller than they appear , and less durable than other brands .
bought this item for my granddaughter she was very happy with it ! ! i would definitely purchase this item agiain ! ! thank you
i think this is great . it's fun to make up stories as you build a sticker scene . the story can change with each telling . :)
this plush is so soft , when i have trouble sleeping , i grab her , and i'm out like a light . buy her while you can !
by far the best adult card game ever ! ! ! well worth the wait and price . better when you play with a big group of people
kids love to twist and turn it but would like it more to be able to make it into something . that's just the way they are .
bought as a gift , it was a hit ! very colorful has variety and provides imaginative play.great addition to any little cook.would recommend .
this is one of my son's favorite toys . my nephew always wants it when he comes over too . it's exactly just like sid's ! great product !
very cute and perfect for my 2 year old's kitchenette . a little loud with the wooden drumstick ? great quality . impressed
cute . easy to assemble and had great character with it too .. would recommend it you like smaller vehicles that don't cost too much .
bought this for preschool , i just wish they were a little larger . i also made pictures for them to match the people at work to .
hated it because what i get are not same as pictured no freckles - i sent it back and told that i want one with freckles ! otherwise beautiful doll
bought these for my daughter on her birthday . she loves them & uses them all the time . well made , cute colors
very soft and cuddly elephant . well made . my wife loves this little stuffed animal . would buy from this maker again .
these are ideal for kids each code allows you to play online with them i will buy more ... .. ... ... ...
grandson loved these ... but then who wouldn't . even some years later these cars are still among grandson's regularly played with toys .
got this for my 2yr old niece ... all the kids play with it . such a great toy that grows with them .
i like her details , very nice looking . i haven't taken her out of the box , but she displays well as is .
my kids love having their own case . it keeps the games and camera all in one place . well made and just right .
a steal for the money , works great . wish the controller was mode 1 but whatever . certainly worth the money spent .
my grand daughter was quite happy with her water table . its a great water toy for a toddler who likes getting wet
trying to keep all reading supplies together ... adding a little fun to reading with this storage casethank you very much
great for keeping organized . case is sturdy . only limitation is that it only holds about 4 - 5 books . still worth the purchase .
this was so cute , my grandaughter adores it , she can take anywhere , even when she travels , easy assembly
these are just perfect for little ones . the insects are bright and colorful and they stick on easily . a good price .
these puzzle pieces are good chunky easy for small hands to get a hold of my granddaughter really enjoys the bright colors .
both my girls love playing this game it is the most loved of the 4 games i bought for them .
works ok kids played with the bullets started to fall apart after several months of use but it is expected
well done , durable figure.my 4 year old does not get tired to play with it.asked for a second one - iron man needed a twin.highly recommend it .
it's hard to avoid trees where i live , so we lost almost all of the rockets in our fun hour of play .
flying these helos with my kids are great fun . things happen and it is nice to have a few spare parts on hand to keep flying .
got this for my son for his 5th birthday . he loves the games plays with it almost every day . it is very educational .
really good price and addition to my sons costume he has no idea it is a frisbee does the job just wish it was a bit bigger
i got this for my daughter as a christmas gift . i haven't given it to her yet , but i think she'll really like it ! !
i bought two of these for my two boys for christmas and one never worked and the other stopped working for no reason within an hour . don't bother !
bought this for my three year old for christmas , and it was easily one of his favorite gifts . he loves it . highly recommend this one .
my six year old loves to make bracelets and necklaces with these beads ! she loves them ! highly recommend ! very fun !
the wings move up and down with help very cute dolls two more to get for my daughter to complete her collection .
we love this cute little cookie set ! you can them in the cookie tube when you're done too . everything is well made , we recommend !
my 2 year old son loves this laptop . he sings along , learns colors and shapes and pretends he is writing emails just like daddy .
this was bought for a young girl who watches the show , she was very pleased with it and the price was good .
my nephews loved the gift . it was perfect for them with super fast shipping . i would buy it again as a gift for someone else .
chrsitmas gift foe my nephew . item was as described and arrived in time . he is really into legos and will love it !
not much track for the money . always need to purchase more track to have a decent toy.just plain disappointing .
5 year old grandson is fascinated with tornados . one of his favorite christmas stocking gifts . would highly recommend for young child .
paper dolls have been remade with this new dress-up dolls . small hands are able to find satisfaction as creativity comes to play .
just what santa ordered , great price and great product . shipped very neatly and very fast . very satisfied with product ... thank yu
my sons favorite part is the boulder . unfortunately , there is only one . i would love it if there was more
love this ball pit and so do my kids ! ! ! i would recommend about 300 balls to fill it . hours of fun ! !
very cute for my little great-nephew since i like the " thomas " story . it's just a nice , little boy train , though .
my son adored this latest addition to his chuggington collection . these cars are well made and provide hours of fun for my three year old .
bought this for my two year old on her birthday , she loves watering the flowers around the backyard . works well
great sturdy toy , my three year old daughter loves to play with this toy . we have purchased quite a few of these . they r great .
purchased this for my granddaughter for christmas . this is very nice and just the right size for a 3 year old .
bought two of these for my twin grandsons and they love it . i don't know where they are , as they are hidden also .
i wouldn't buy it again but it's a cute toddler toy . it's much smaller than i expected it to be .
i never saw the large sven at the disney store so i can't compare the quality but i love this sven . his legs can be positioned .
ticket to ride as i mentioned is my favorite game i want to play so much i tire my family out
we all love this ! i ended up finding a larger set at a garage sale and bought it too . kids and parents will love it !
i love that this comes with capital and lower case letters . also , the colors are vibrate . also , i love that they are magnets .
arrived as expected . not really sure about the toy in general though . doesn't do much . my kid wasn't into it once she got it .
they are fun for my grandson who likes building 4 headed monsters with long tails and battle against godzilla and t rex
i love these made in america products from melissa and doug . i am using this with my 3 year old grandson and he responds well to them .
three grandkids , ages 6 , 5 and 4 , and their parents , play together . the board is sturdy and overall , of decent quality .
these are a cute patterned rubber band . purchased for use with a rainbow loom . good enough price and quantity for me .
great addition your lego set , specially who is collecting the lego movie set ... everything is awesome ! ! ! when you have this !
fun for little ones and a great price ! the fit perfectly on little ones fingers and they love them too !
gave these to my 2 year old for christmas . she enjoys playing with these as the clothes are pretty easy for her to get on and off .
i bought this for my grandson thinking he might like it . he loved it ! perfect for 2 years & up
perfect gift for my grandson's first package in the mail . he loves his elmo . shares the music with mom and dad all day long ...
it doen't last long but we were jumping on it and it caused a hole . it's a great cheap stocking stuffer but dont expect it to last .
my grandson requested toys of this type for his birthday and according to his mother , he is really enjoying it .
my daughter gave it 4 stars but didn't want to elaborate . she is very cute . we love the jointed dolls .
works great , rarely jams . you can buy extra clips . red sight is cool-looking but not really a true sight .
same quality you always get with thomas toys . great addition to my grandson's thomas collection which seems to grow daily .
appears to be as expected . will be part of granddaughter's egyptian theme birthday party . she was lamenting not having any egyptian legos .
my nieces and daughter loves these bracelets . they were a great assortment of colors and patterns . great stocking stuffers for christmas
cute , sterdy , well made toy . easy to press button that makes lights flash and sounds . it's great for my 16 month old .
this expansion deck is a great way to continue your journey in the pathfinder world you cant go wrong with this one
this is a great play pizza set . there are six slices of pizza and they velcro together . my kids love slicing the pizza !
this was taken out of the box and tried and it didn't work even with different marshmallows . don't waste your money .
my son has so much fun with these ! well made , fun designs and bold colors ! great for many different reasons !
my boys love these dino's and they will last a million years . no complaints from parents or kids . the kurtle fact sheets are great
my four year old has dropped her leappad several times with not a mark on it due to this gel case . i would definitely recommend this to others .
my children has used this lego set for years now . no complaints or problems about it . i highly recommend it .
love this game and our family has been playing this for years . it is a game that more than 2 can playl
these play balls are fun and my toddler really enjoys playing with them . we bought more and recommend these to our friends .
excellent choice , easy to transform , fun to play with . excellent fast service . great gift .
a necessity for lego builders . i keep these downstairs so he can have a base for his legos and not have them all over the floor .
our grand son loves this vtech learning lap top . the fact that it is jake and the never land pirates is a real plus .
we have purchased many melissa and doug items . this was a great addition . the little one has really enjoyed this toy . would definetly reccomend these products .
it is cool that it shoots two a time , however way to slow to reload and if you hold it the wrong way the bullets fall out
great set . imaginext toys are really loved by my kids . would definitely recommend to anybody with kids who love super heros .
we love this toy ! it's great for bathtime , too ! safe , fun and durable--we love this company !
just another outfit for my granddaughter's american a girl doll ( better fit ! ! ) it's wrapped for christmas ! it looks o tiny
great decoration for the birthday gift table . can then be used to play with . our 3 yr . old loves it .
she loved this , easy to change into and they were made well . nice bright fabric . who wouldn't want a pretty dress to put on .
bright colors , soft plastic make this a safe toy . the top ring has beads that rattle when shaken . another f p winner
its goku ! my super héroe this is a must for you dbz collection !
highly recommend this for any little girl's first baby doll . my granddaughter just loved it and grinned from ear to ear when i gave it to her .
again , a nice variety of characters are available to interact with the play house . i also bought the dvd so she could watch and know the characters .
my grandson loves legos and requested this set for christmas . of course , he got it . legos supplies many hours of entertainment for kids .
sturdy , safe , reliable . these toys go through alot of use and still look new and move perfectly . whats not to like ?
my 10 yr old loves this large nerf gun ! it works great and it's really so cool looking ! awesome gun !
bought these for my kids pirate birthday and they were a hit . well made , comfortable , cute and the right size for kids .
bought it for a few of my students . they loved it ! this game is fun and reading is not required .
the kdis like it a lot but it is a noisy toy and i prefer them playing with it a little far from where i am
my 2 year old loves disney planes so this was awesome . we love duplo ! goes great with dusty and chug set .
would have preferred each egg to be a different color . the colors are not super attractive in person , as well - especially the dark yellow .
3 year old loves that she can change barbie's clothes . i love it that she has on boots instead of those tiny shoes that go missing .
arrive unharmed . great shape , brand new ! works well ! my child loves using this paper with her new art easel ! i recommend it !
i couldn't believe how quickly this arrived . my niece loved it and can use it for awhile . much cheaper than the local super toy store .
works great protects the tablet great . i love it especially when he drops its ! ! ! great buy for the price no regret
my husband enjoys these little fidgety toys , but this is way to small . we've already lost half the pieces to it .
loved the ship and its scale to the other ships i have.miniature is a 6 ! ! ! flight stand is a 3game system is a 3
this really can shoot very far . super cool super fun and it doesn't hurt at all . my son loves it ! !
our children enjoy playing cut the rope , so i decided to purchase . fun-fun-fun ! they loved it . soft . small . washable . recommended .
this was bought with two other accessories , all came on time and in perfect shipping condition , pretty colors , strong built and fun to play for little hands
here i thought this was the original water game but instead it's a teeny tiny miniature version and i wish i hadn't bothered ordering it .
you get what you pay for in floating lounges . i like the hole to get feet wet . it's a little tippy .
i just wanted to report that the game i got did not say on the box that it contained new content like the box in the photo .
my kids love these - it is a good deal for the number of cars you get . and they are of good quality .
bought this for my 2 year old grandson . he plays with it occasionally . like all gifts , they tire easily and move on to the next one .
my 6 year old daughter madison really enjoys this very much . i have to admit i enjoy playing with it also .
each expansion is great , but i really wish there was an easy way to store all of the cards without having to make something for myself .
i purchased this as a replacement for another talking gordon whose voice circuit was destroyed due to water . works like a charm .
gift for the grand children ... from what i hear it has been much fun . great fun and learning for the little ones .
it has a good job paint and really good detail but the posture is not the best , from my point of view .
so glad this doll came out . my daughter was excited to add it to her collection . great job monster high .
these are great as party favors , the material is thin , but it is big enough to wrap around an adult's head comfortably . great price for favors .
my grandson was over the moon with this . he especially like the sound buttons . a very manly toy for a wonder boy .
this is one of my favorite games , and always a hit at parties . i recommend buying all expansion packs too .
halloween , and other spooky bracelets made the black a hit , use in combo with the glow in the dark , lots of fun
you can never go wrong with legos ! ! these sets are for my 4 year old grandsons . they will love them .
this is a great toy for little ones right at crawling age . those who can't crawl yet would get frustrated when it rolls away from them .
we love music in our house and are finally beginning suzuki violin , i believe this helped create a strong foundation for her training !
worked awesomely ! my boys , 6 and 8 , ended up destroying them though . :(
works great on the melissa & doug easel board or any eraser board type surface . good size for young hands .
this is just another birthday gift which is being used and enjoyed everyday . built well and will last a long time .
this battery gives me about a little over a minute flying time versus the original battery . make heli nose heavy so you need to re-balance the heli .
i can't wait to open him up and use him lots of photos to capture :d thanks so much :)
maybe could be better painted , i think it is the best figure of jazz ( in medium size ) . very good to place it
grandkids love these metallic crayons and i must see they are really pretty . they add an extra special touch to any project .
our grandson adores the minions and stuart is his favorite . this little guy was one of the big hits for his birthday .
we love sitting around the table and playing games as a family . this is a fun game for young and old alike .
i bought 2 of these for gifts . they are super soft and the puppet heads are also soft & cushiony . great little gifts .
perfect for my 2 year old daughter who wants to do everything you do . she gets to be a little mommy to her baby dolls .
my toddler loves her super why ! she has to have him nearby when it's lights out . i like how he's very well made .
transformers are more challenging for adults than children . some how children grasp the concept of the transforming process quickly . definitely a " road trip " toy .
for the little kid that loves construction and building , this is perfect . good lego quality toy with well designed and durable pieces .
while he may look cute i don't suggest you buy him his body is stiff don't move so well at all beware of you purchase
my grandkids love this game ! it is a favorite for a wide range of ages . this was the perfect gift !
love the dino shape , the kids are proud of their accomplishment when they finish . highly recommend it . good quality -
we didn't even care that it was so expensive because you can not even find the male monster high dolls anywhere , so happy for the great find ! !
super cute and soft puppies . can play the pursuit game or create your own that would be as much fun .
melissa and doug you are amazing ! got this for my son's nursery and he just loves it still 16mo later .
i bought this for my 2 year olkd daughter this year for christmas and she just loves it plays with it all the time
i got this for my daughters new kidcraft kitchen set , these pots and tools look and feel real and she loves playing with them .
my niece really liked this gift . it satisfies the " craft-iness " in her and she has a great little keepsake box too
i've played this with 3-8 people and never had a game that lasted more than five minutes . but it is funny .
i keep buying different lego sets to keeps young minds active . this set was greatly appreciated by my 7 year old grandson .
it is hard to find toys that kids 11/12 years old will want to play with . my son and his friends love this game
my daughter went crazy for her airplane . when she is a little older we will explain the difference between planes and helicopters.hape makes great products !
for my sons birthdayhe love thesehe puts them on the washer , dryer and fridge and it keeps him busy while i do dishes :)
i bought this for my neice for her birthday because she loves the wizard of oz .. a very soft , cuddly animal .
great set for any lego enthusiast ! lots of mini figures to complete any set and make your collection complete ! will order again .
these cars are well made and work well both for our 3 year old and for their 150 pound father .
these are of the highest quality and are fabulous and amazing and they're a hit still a year later ! best idea ofr a present anywhere from 1-3 years old
my kids love the space police sets and this one is no different . this one still is around fully built because they like it so much .
my family has a great time playing this game . tons of fun lots to do . fantastic for family fun . .
these worked wonderfully ! lasted about 18 hours , the caps held tight and the precut string was great . would recommend again !
this product is very interesting as well as crafty ... im so glad to be able to give as a gift
ordered this product for my granddaughter's 8th birthday per her mother's instructions . she was thrilled . i earned 5 stars as a nana !
great toy for my two year old son on our airplane trip . he is now three and still plays with it .
bought for a newborn grandchild ; he really likes it and mom likes the fact that it is washable ; would recommend this item .
my daughter received this outfit for her doll for christmas from her grandparents . looks very cute . seems to be decent quality .
i'm not sure who gets a bigger kick out of these - us or our toddler ! this size was a great value and the bag is surprisingly sturdy .
love it ! great deal . nerf is always wonderful for my boys ( and the adult kids , too ) ! nerf guns are always fun .
this was a nice gift for my grandaughter . she enjoyed it and when she outgrew it she passed it along to her cousin .
the kids love " painting " pictures for the family to hang up . nice thick quality paper . i would recommend it to anyone .
the kids needed this c - 3po because they all have his companion and what is one without the other . i might need one more .
" this is just what i wanted ! " our granddaughter started coloring it after the presents were all opened . it seems to hold up well .
kids loved this . they are minecraft enthusiasts and didn't know these were out there so when they saw them ( xmas stocking stuffer ) they were thrilled !
so far so good ... it came as expected , the material was great ; it protects the leap pad well .
my toddler really likes putting change his piggy bank . the design is simple but extremely cute and the size is perfect .
the grandson killed aliens for days and still at it with his space guns . really cool sounds and lights ... wooo very neat toy .
these make good party gifts to the little kids . my son loved them and wanted even more to put on !
these are great gifts for children whose mothers spend time with them , especially the 3-6 year old range . my daughters love working on mosaics .
this game is great ! love to play , never the same game twice , a new twist and turn always . fun , fun and more fun !
i think my daughter would have had a lot of fun with this , but is was smashed to pieces on delivery - back to amazon
this is a fun toy to play with . the kids and myself enjoy battling each other and the guys pop out . it is really awesome !
the boys spent hours target shooting inside on a snowy day . they loved it and so did i.kathy feil
if you boys are into superheros and have an imagination its a great toythey have had endless hours of fun with thishighly recommend thisthey all liked it
my 4 year old loves this toy . i think the battery operated drill is the most fun part for him though .
my kids love these guys and these toys go well with the other playskool star wars toys my son has .
just really is basic and doesn't have the addictiveness that plastic versions have . the rampdoesn't cause racing , too big and clunky ..
they are so close to being like a real blender , a real mixer , a real toaster and a real coffee pots .
this is a little more complicated for them but they still play with it in order to learn better reflexes .
my husband enjoyed this little set . it doesn't take long to build but it's a great add-on for an avid lego collector .
bought this for my granddaughter , she loves it and plays with it all the time especially when her friends come over for pretend ice cream ...
granddaughter wanted for birthday . she collects & plays alot with them . wants some for valentines day . grandma will get them
my great nephew loved it . we had to go to the toy room to play ! i actually got him donatello also and he had received one more .
bought for my girls for christmas and even now in april they love playing with them . they love the movie and the characters .
safari ltd fairy fantasies tea party set - beautiful fairies . great detail , beautiful colors , lovely fairies , excellent quality . niece loves them .
this is a cute game that seems to keep the attention span of my three year old for at least 10 minutes , which says a lot !
very nice we are real happy with the way they look , and the grand daughters are going to love them for christmas .
my granddaughter loved this gift . it did get bested by barbie though . she still played with it . bought it with another set .
love this game . so different than more other board games . great way to include more players through addition of expansions .
this is hilarious ! my son needed a new bank so we thought we would try it out ! we will be buying more for christmas gag gifts .
my supply was pretty small and these add the needed numbers . nothing fancy but allowing for great imagination , they provide hours of fun .
the buttons light up nicely and it is not too loud . it plays typical kids ' songs ( alphabet ) and says typical " cell phone talk . "
this cart and table set is a cute idea and the grandkids are enjoying hours of play time with setting this set up .
my child loves tinkerbell . that is why i purchased this game after reading the reviews . she is 10 and still plays with this game .
we bought this for our daughters 1st birthday . she loves the music and the colors from the flashlight . i would recommend this toy !
this is a great stuffed toy for blue clues lovers ! bought for my 4 year old son and he loved it !
my son loves pocoyo , he can play with this for hours .. battery life is pretty good for now ... as long as he's happy , i'm happy ..
my two year old son was delighted to gift this christmas . daughter ( 6 years ) , too . will recommend to friends with children
7 wonders is one of our family's favorite games and these new ' wonders ' add some good variety to the game .
although the box came slightly dented , its exactly what our special needs family requested . great for taking to the hospital .
transformation is weak on this one but 6 yr old son has loved this series of toys since he was 2 .
my daughter loved this at first , but it didn't take long for her to lose the pieces and she lost interest !
a nice toy from matchbox . kids can play with the figures by themselves or use them with the playset . a fun toy for the 5-8 yeah range
great for my 4 year old granddaughter . great choice . these aren't like the other blocks you find in most stores .
great gift for my 8 year old son's birthday . a lot like legos but you can make several different transformers
i love the idea of healthy pretend food . i purchased this for my son as an addition to his kitchen set for christmas . he loves it .
great track and compliments the train sets . the children love playing with trains and especially want a good track to run the train on .
bought for a little boy i babysit ... the game is great , unfortunately a couple days after buying it ... the leapster 2 stopped working :(
i found this item to be made very durable and realistic looking and is the perfect gift for a child who loves reptiles .
i purchased this for my grandson . he absolutely loves toy story , so he love sthe games provided by this software .
i bought these justice league action figures to add to my collection . they were a really good and quick start to my action figures collection .
larger than expected , but happy about that . not for child . easy for adult or older teen . would not hesitate to purchase again for gift .
it's a great stuffy , comes just as it looks , nice bright colors , not sure what else to say , my kids loved it
great game for 2 years and up to about 4 after that not so much but big kids will play with younger
we love this game . have played it for years and years . we love to play this , and this game was a gift .
brought this game for family fun day at church and although we never got around to playing it looks like tons of fun . packaging was great arrived on time
in general they are nice . it is just a traditional toy your kid must have ... i guess ... i like it .
bought this as a birthday present , well made , takes a beating and the boys love it - definitely would recommend this toy to and parents .
my girls love it , fun over and over again . i love to hear them talking about it as they put it together .
gift for my grandson . lots of pieces for a 4 year old but he enjoyed playing with it . felt it was a little pricey .
i loved this little picnic basket but it is to young for a six year old girl who thought it was for babies !
grandson age 4 loved this , goes with his other thomas train accessories , i love its sturdiness and colors , appropriate for his brother who's 2 also
good thing it was a gift because it's a little pricey . the kids sure love it though ! could come with more nets .
very good voice quality ... the grandkids talk about the program , and this looks like a cute toy . hope they enjoy for christmas .
my daughter loves this angry birds star wars chewbacca . it's big and easy to carry around . very fluffy and plush .
purchased this for our 2 year old grand daughter to go with her kitchen set . it was well made and she has enjoyed the pieces
very inexpensive yet decent gift . she didn't have this one so she liked it very much and its cheaper then in the stores !
good for the whole family .. very durable , good quality and fun .. great for just relaxing while others are in the pool
great candles ! loved the different colors , it's really noticeable . great for my daughters rainbow party and rainbow cake ! ! ! she loved it !
hours of fun for everyone . my kids , the neighbors kids , my husband , and i have all had our share of fun on this plasmacar !
we had a great time trying some of the experiments and it is surprising what you can learn . it makes for a good grandmother and grandson time .
this is an oldie and goodie , just how i remember it , my four year old son loves his potato head !
my niece loves stickers books and this was just the ticket . this is a great product as is all of the melissa & doug products i have purchased .
my son picked this out for his step mom for xmas , and she loves it . the fat little penguin is just adorable .
bought these for smitten granddaughter . wanted something small for the car & these fit the bill . they reminded me of a happy meal toy .
this chess set is great . the characters are detailed and sturdy . i'd recommend it for any chess player who's a fan of mario .
my oldest grandson is into super heros , reading and games . he was happy to receives this and we played a game immediately
the quality of the product and the service was as expected . now i need nine more words ... one two three
this design was a lot of fun for the kids to paint . the paint quality is good , the stenciled outline is legible and not difficult to follow .
i really like how this figure looks on display . nice tight joints . very easy to pose and stands solid . great figure overall .
this is interactive with the imaginext rescue city and my boys have spent more time with these toys than anything else after christmas . they love it !
great size , looks exactly as pictured . i'm sure my daughter will love this as a stocking stuffer for christmas :)
gave this to my 5 yo for her birthday . she loves it . perfect size and really sweet for little kids .
it is a great game for children and have no complaints about the package and the kids love the game .
" dash " is very cute and a great addition to our grandson's thomas wooden train collection . it's a little smaller than the others .
this leap school item was purchased for our nephew & niece for christmas . it is a great item plus it teaches them to read !
fostered creativity . used while playing with other toys such as dinosaurs and hero figures . easy for small hands to use .
1 year old has no interest in it . older kid likes to play with it but it was bought for younger one ! oh well !
our grandson loves curious george and when he opened this gift his eyes lit up . nice size for the price of this toy .
the loom was really easy to learn , anyone can learn how to do them . they entertained the grand kids for hours .
this doll is very cute . love everything about it . the item arrived very quickly and in time for christmas . my daughter loves it
these figures look awesome and i had to grab flash just to round out the whole justice league . great quality .
if your child likes the llama llama books , then you have to buy this plush llama llama doll ! it is absolutely adorable . my daughter loves hers !
these little monsters are really cute . my two year old loves lining them up on the coffee table and knocking them over .
any child who loves transformers will love these toys . its really easy for 3 yr olds to do it themselves
these are ok - pretty sturdy , but for some reason i thought they'd be larger . my fault for not reading and figuring that out .
i totally love this and so does my 5 year old . he love the bugs and all the all the info on them . great educational toy !
this lego set works perfectly for kids or adult collectors , it has a very good prices and allows you to combine it with other lego city sets .
i didn't realize that this was limited to just a few applications . i think there may have been a better way to go about getting additional apps .
granddaughter will be tickled pink to receive this figure on her birthday in august . huge fan of all things egyptian and legos .
the 4 year old loves this . she will spend hours entertaining herself with it . a must for every princess in your household .
my ten year old daughter really likes ucreate music . she plays it quite a bit .
many pieces to assemble but everything went together well . very well constructed . assembly will require one person about 3.5 hours .
i bought this as a gift and she is cuter in person . baby safe and great quality and she loved it !
this is a good price and decently made , but there is no way to completly tune it , which is hard on the ears .
my girls were always finding other objects around the house and using them as tools . my 22 month old and 3 year old love this toy !
all the grand kids loved this . it was the favorite toy for all 3 of them . the adults were having fun too ,
i just love it ! i love lalaloopsy as much my child does . the material and the prece of this toy is excelent .
this great storage container is very durable to hold my grandson's wooden puzzles and now he can put them away himself .
my kids love this bubble machine . it does a great job entertaining . be sure to use tis outside . love all the products from this company .
exactly as described and kids love it . not sure what else to say other than it was the most popular gift at the birthday party .
compared to other electronis we have it's not the fanciest but my son loves how it looks like a boat and it's jake , but he's 3 . :)
what a cool toy ... so many things for the child to play with it's made well & is safe .. makes little noises kids like .
these are nice and a great deal for the price--just be aware that they are not movable or bendable ( so a bit limited for action figure use . )
she is so hung up on this game and it teaches cordination skills ect . i have been happy ! ! ! thanks ! i have my time back
kids love this . gave it to my employee's son , he loves it and has bought 2 more to use with his brother .
it is a beautiful doll and was very cheap cost , the box was not damage and it arrived so fast .
its like sugar , cant build anything with it , once its on the floor , you will regret it lol but hey my kid enjoys it ... mostly
cute charms but i think there could be more for the price . my 6 year old loved them though . she found one for other people for gifts .
my 5 year old son has loved this . it has even been left outside a few times and held up great and he is pretty hard on things .
this is the perfect gift for a 4-5 year old . she loves playing with it and it came all in perfect condition
awesome little interactive toy . bought several of these for gifts and we all had a ball playing with them . young and old alike .
this is really cool for your office or as a doll accessory . well built . do keep in mind this is not a very big cart .
my 3 year old niece loved this toy for christmas . she is very active and hyper and she digs hitting the ball hard and running around .
my 10 year old was never into transformers but saw this and wanted it . he really loved it and carried it around for over a week .
lotr lcg is a great game . artwork and mechanics are incredible . i have only played solo and it is brutal . looking forward to trying co-op .
great little figures , easy to manipulate and good for all kinds of " bob " play . very durable and popular with the kids .
excellent value . takes a week or two for the strings to stretch out , but stays in tune pretty well after that .
this giraffe came just as it is described . it's very plush and easy to handle by an infant . it's a cute addition to any child's room .
my 4 yr old loves to draw & color . this has kept him busy for hours ! wish he would let me help him level up though ...
this outfit is well made , and fits the doll well . very stylish and so cute . my granddaughters love it and loveplaying with this dolls and their clothes
i really can't overstate the fact that this game is amazing.everyone voting american needs to own , and play , this game .
my daughter got this toy for christmas and loves it . the boots do not come off which is good cause we can't lost them
bought as a christmas present for my friends 9 month old and he loves it . love all the sounds and bright colors .
i am looking forward to playing with this on a long car trip where i get to entertain 2 under 2 year olds .
pricey but my toddler likes it . well made , big enough for toddler hands and has no detachable parts which was important to me .
got this for a friends 3 year old , she loved it . sturdy and a cute art project . she will enjoy for many years :)
a quick and fun card / board game for children of all ages . recommended for families and parties . worth the low price !
this case is really great for protecting leappad and has spots for games which makes it easy to keep track of them .
great game . get when your child is 3 , because they will age out of it quickly . too few play scenarios to hold much interest past 5 .
i had to stop my husband from cheating me on a regular monopoly . we have already played with a group on people ..
thanks to pinterest i learned to make chalkboard paint . thanks to melissa & doug's bundle ... i can now leave rude messages for my roommates .
i purchased the " trivial pursuit card game " as a christmas gift donation for the toys for tots toy drive . my rate is an estimate .
my kids love toypedo so i had to order these little cuties . i love how they zip through the water .
i passed these and the yomega fireball out to as many friends i could afford to and they all loved it .
fits teh leappad 2 perfect . my niece loves the color . we couldnt be happier . she has dropped her leappad many times and no scratches yet !
what better way to make a four-year-old smile fro ear to ear ? purchased this for a step grand daughter's birthday and she loved it !
i ordered this toy for christmas . it arrived with plenty of time and my niece really loved it . good quality .
transformers are always a hit with the boys . bought for 6 year old . just add imagination and there's instant fun .
i bought this along with the castle because it said it was compatible with it but it doesn't work that well
looks good , packaged well , shipped fast but most importantly my son loves this thing , gets used daily , great price for this item too
1 year old's favorite toy . it's holding up now and going strong despite it being in the hands of a toddler . great toy at a great price .
my daughter loves this doll . what else is there really to say on it . it's not cheaply made at all .
very very very durable ! we have had this for over a year with a lot of use and it is still in great shape .
rockets are smaller than i expected but the toy is fun . i recommend it for children 2 + yrs . great height !
nephew loved the puppets , but when they needed to be washed they didn't hold up so well . stitching came loose .
already had volume 2 and i just had to get volume 1 . so much fun . now i just need to practice , practice , practice .
both train cars had bright colors and no scratches . they worked well on the tracks . my grand daughter loved the chicken sounds when the door slid open .
bought this for our granddaughter for christmas for she will love it also bought granddaughter will love it thank you
good . bought for my daughter and her neighbor friend wanted it and order one for his birthday . love it .
it gets a little old after awhile . but it's fun for a baby just learning how to walk .
an all day science project according to my sister in law . she threatened not to talk to me after doing one marker . said it's a messy nightmare .
as an avid star wars fan , this has been a great addition to my collection . the price was great and the product came just as described .
i wish the toy story toys weren't so expensive , but they are top quality . my son loves his bullseye and jessie .
my grand kid is into monster high dolls . the dolls must have clothes to be well dressed . she very much liked the outfit .
my 4 year old son loves this ! he is actually excited to do chores now .. just for a happy face ! it's wonderful !
my youngest grandson loves all kinds of animals and was so happy to play with this . he loves the music and sounds
just perfect for a child gift . really looks real with great detail.little ones love to carry the turtle around in their pocket.super cute !
the quality of the these canvas tote bags are very very good - they are great party favors - i will be purchasing more very very soon
i bought this for my baby for easter , she loves it and it still works great so i recommend it
my girls love these dolls ! doll is played with all the time and has held up well to the play ! item as described and quick delivery !
it's just as described , sturdy , safe and fun . he loved it and it is in keeping with the castle theme he loves .
my son ( currently 6 years old ) and i play munchkin on nearly a daily basis , and we really enjoyed this expansion .
given to another grandchild that was age three and she is into princess and make believe and will enjoy it .
my daughter loves all the monster high dolls ! i'm very happy with the purchase and will gladly buy again in the future .
my son loves it the book is awesome and the games are perfect for his age . nothing could be better .
really good hook ! compared to krazyloom hook this one is much better . highly recommend it . my kids prefer it over the other brand .
my grandson loved them . he had wanted to get them for a long time when i saw you had them . i had to get them
this set is higher quality than what my kids usually get , so it pleases both me and them.just a nice set to keep your kids busy .
very cute and lifelike . my son loves this and plays with it often . very soft and fits on finger well
a must to avoid stepping on monster trucks all over the house ! easy to carry too . we have five of them to keep the collection stored away .
so far my 5 year old son loves the viewer and the " books " including this disney - mickey mouse book .
got this for a star wars fan , and it was the perfect blend of unique and thoughtful according to the recipient .
i would have liked it smaller than its current size . the toy is nice and loved by my daughter . nice sound effect too .
thought was bigger than it is . but still good product my daughter loves doing this kind of stuff . time consuming but fun .
these are great toys for the bath . my son has a few alex toys . he plays with them all the time .
my kids love this lego set - there were a bunch of things they could build with all the legos - very cool
this was a cute gift and looked like it had a ton of play options - lots of stickers included . good value .
my son's mom and i have been living apart for over a year now . makes it real convenient to transport the inno tab between the two residences .
my grandson loves legos and pirates of the carribean so this was a hit . has put it together and displaying in a place of prominence in their home .
daughter loves it . it does not latch shut after playing with it for a couple days . but it is still one of the kids ' favorites .
yes this was a really nice gift for little ones when they cannot have a live cat . i know they still pay with it a lot .
my daughter love it . great size and detail now she ask for the movie more often not bad at all for the price .
my son loves i spy products including this one ! it keeps him entertained and loves interacting with it ! :) :)
whats not to love about draculaura ! she's my favorite of all my nieces dolls . this one is just adorable . well worth the $
my daughter love my littte pony so this was a perfect present for christmas she plays a lot with the accesories
it appears sturdy & well made and it looks like it should stand up to toddler use and abuse well !
this little xylophone is a classic for a reason . well made , brightly colored , with good sound . highly recommend for your musical little one !
this is my daughter's favorite doll . it's extremely lifelike and vey well constructed . worth every penny and she loves it .
i got this for my nephew along with the zip up play set for christmas and i know hes gonna love it ... he loves absolutely dinosaurs :-)
i bought this for my neice and she loved it ! lots of cute features and baby supplies included ! the doll was larger than i expected :)
national ltd stated that this was the battery for my child's jeep wrong ! ! ! plus you can't return it so now i am stuck with battery .
this was a birthday gift for my granddaughter and she was really happy with all the new barbie clothes . great for the price .
my son was 4 when he received this game and he loved it . it is okay and wont bore parents too much .
the product itself is ok , and does what it is designed to do . unfortunately it requires downloading another app , and get's too complicated and annoying .
lil keagen loves this game and all the games for his leapfrog ... so glad we bought this for his christmas this past year ... great product !
we are actually watching our baby girl develop her motor skills as she plays with these blocks . good choice . good toy .
very tiny . wings on minimus keep falling off . bought for my five-year-old daughter who played with it for about a minute . overpriced .
love melissa and doug products and this did not disappoint . my nephew loves cars so these will make a perfect gift .
bought it at a good price and it's great quality couldn't ask for more ! my daughter is 6 and can put it together on her own no problem !
great toy but not accessories they are too tiny n already lost them ... but figure its great still give it 5 stars
grandson who is 2 loves dinosaurs . wanted for christmas . plays with himm alot . will buy another one for him for valentines day
it's mega bloks / legos - what's not to like . was a big hit with my son-in-law who collects the halo mega blocks .
my grand kids like it , but they don't play with it that much . they said that the game is a little boring .
we bought it for a gift because we trust in melissa & doug brand ; and as usual they accomplish with our standars . melissa doug products = happy kids
my grandkids loved it ! they get to run and chase it and you get to sit and watch - parents loved it too !
my 9 month old son i currently learning how to utilize this toy , he has so much fun trying his best to play with it correctly
if you like lego star wars , this is a great addition to your kit . only takes about 10 mins to put together but worth it !
my 3 year old loves stringing beads and had a lot of fun using these to make necklaces for her grandma and aunts .
good for the price , kids use it put it down , then yell to me ... why did i get this thing ( joking ) .
broke within minutes . cheaply made with plastics that hinge and break . poorly constructed
my granddaughter loves this frozen playlet . it's small enough for her to take when we're not home . very well made .
i am happy with this purchase . the money looks close to the real stuff . i am usually very happy with the quality of melissa & doug toys .
my nephew loves this . he produces bubbles in a rapid way and is very safe . he absolutely loved it . great .
i love lean how tie my shoe to my son love this to i am happy this teacher my child do every thing to
i got this for a girls birthday party . the girls really liked it and it kept them busy for a while making bracelets .
purchased for valentine gifts for daughters , halving surprise valentine event . i love the bag n stuff dog u gotten have it
precious toy . my granddaughter loves this . recommend supervised play as you have to be careful to keep his arms free so they won't break .
my kids really like drawing with these and have fun smelling the scents both on marker and once it's on the paper .
bought a couple of these . worked ok for awhile , but had problems early on and really didn't last long for the price .
my grandaughter is six and this year she loves all the new products that go with the large house for lalaloopsy sew cute .
ok . i just love her . her hair , is a big puff ball . really disapointed . oh well . but her clothes are adorable .
these socks for my grand daughters 18 " doll are so cute and look wonderful with all of her dolls clothes
minotaurs are neat . this warrior goes well with my other safari figurines , mostly dragons . he has good details and a wooden mace . very cool .
my grandson loved this and it held up fairly well considering he is a typical boy . probably a little overpriced thus the 4 stars .
this item is cute but cheaply made .. i didnt use the bib because it was to stiff but the little flags and placemat underneath was great !
my 7 yr old had a lot of fun reading this and doing the activities in it on her vreader
our kids played with these for hours ! i would definitely buy them again . our little girl even enjoyed them . fun !
not what i expected with the coffee thing inside just being felt but its really cute and once my kid gets bigger he will love it
snap circuits fm radio love how simple this is with the learning of electrics ... daughter had it together in less then two minites !
my child loves scooby doo and the figures are just as cute as the picture shows . the action figures bend easily for various playing activities .
my daughter just loves having her american girl doll travel along with her on her bike :d it is a big hit in our neighborhood .
fun but was really for a younger child than stated . it was not as quality as other pieces from this collection
the boys in my family are very into star wars right now , i love this line of figures and vehicles ! durable and dun for all ages !
wonderful size for the under bed storage size container of sand . only have deck area for play ? then these make a great addition for any age .
very fun and goes great with the sequin silver hoodie which we purchased at the same time . our granddaughters love the sparkle !
washable , durable stuffed toy . perfect for any sesame street fan . we got him for my 2 year old grandson who loved him .
kids had fun with them but they were rather cheaply made and the rubber bands kept breaking off the cardboard . had to restaple several of them .
the boys have played with it over and over at church never seeming bored . it does make a slight noise , but not much .
this hamster was miss named ... he is as slow as molasses and need a push to get him going ... but very cute !
easy to play , and good for memory . my kids love it . plus , they learned a few animal names that they didn't know . excellent ! !
this one brings many of the characters and situations from the guild to your game of munchkin . beware the kevinator !
simple yet entertaining . not a whole lot going on but that's good as it keeps my little one focused and engaged .
such a fun game for kids and adults . it's fun reading practice for the kids too as the read the silly sentences they make .
my 12mo loves this puzzle . she ' tries ' to place the pieces back into the slots . it keeps her busy for more than 1minute ! !
this is great all the way around . very educational . never too young to start learning . our 4 yr old loves playing with this
very pretty sparkly silver shoes that fit american girl dolls and compliment many fancy outfits . these are precious little shoes !
this is such a nice puzzle . we bought it for our nieces birthday . it's so pretty and sparkly . she loves it .
bought this for her birthday party . puts out one bubble at a time , so it doesn't create a field of bubbles but the kids still love it .
this webkinz is so cute ! mine has crooked teeth but it is so cute ! it is also very well made imo .
after 4 years , these are still being used in bathtub . love this set and put in dishwasher to get soap off ! no cons !
this is adorable and my daughter loved it ! ! everything is good quality and durable ! ! highly recommended ! ! totally worth the price ! !
i would recommend to the appropriate age group . i gave it as a present along with other fisher price toys .
such a silky soft plush ! i love the " droopy " look of all the limbs and face . love jellycat stuffed animals !
we keep the box handy and use them for stocking stuffers every year , etc ... great stuff for a 5 to 8 year old !
solid duplo car set . fun directions to make lots of different styles of cars and trucks . easy to play with and wipe clean .
our grandson loves this ride on toy . it has alot of sounds & it fun to play with . thank you
i ordered these for my son for christmas , and he loves them . exactly as described . so far they are still intact and he's pretty rough .
light up book is cool for little ones gets them to look at the book when u read it . love this .
this is a good toy to use when you're waiting for an appointment or stuck in traffic . keeps you entertained .
this was a good purchase , the child i bought it for liked it , but had already had one , so it was returned . sorry
simple , easy enough for a 5 year old to setup , and lots of fun . clamps great to shelves , posts , or anything !
very cute . my son loves playing with them . i would but this again very happy with the product :) thanks
the quality of this plush toy is excellent . the faux fur feels silky to the touch . our 4 and 5 year-old boys loved them .
a year and a half since i bought it and my son still plays with this at least twice a week . very challenging and fun toy .
this book is good to use with the yo yo's . some reminded me when i was a kid myself , awesome .
this is the best rendition of this game ever . well made , sturdy and good color scheme . worth the extra bucks .
fabulous toy for outdoor fun ! my son got it for his first birthday and played with it all summer long . at 2 1/2 he still enjoys it .
it is good toy . i will recommend . my 2 old son likes this toy . i think this toy helps to make fingers work .
good quality , good sound , good toy . good and easy notes for some popular children's songs . the stick is solid but not traumatic .
nice wooden puzzle for kids to learn about the state's . lots of interesting facts printed on the state's and the board as well .
it's a good thing that this bug will changes directions - you'll be glad when it goes behind the couch.it ' s too fast to catch !
these were given to my kids for christmas , and it is so great that they fit with the other megazord and they can combine them .
my grandkids love the game it improves their memory with practice and is a great indoor activity on a rainy day
feels like a gin rummy game . i really enjoyed playing with my friends and family . really good buy . loved it
it's nice that my son can see through all his blades . however , the top shelves can not hold big ripper .
black bands is a very versatile color to work with . it will blend with most any other color . thank you very much .
i thought my 2 yr old son would really enjoy this , but it's kind of boring . he played with it once and lost interest
i like it and think my nephew will when he gets a chance to learn how to transform the car into the bee and vice versa .
he always ask this kind of product and he enjoys very muchs playing with it with all his friends most of the children have this products
it is a fun game - we have a blast with it - i do not really like all of the small pieces but who does ?
kid loved it , she can't get enough of it and she wants more and more . i can't lie she's very happy and it is improving her drawings .
what to keep your 2 year old grandson busy for hours give him this he will have hours of fun
got this for my 2 year old grandson and he loves it especially the little animals
this was enjoyable . we was clean and careful , but this could be a disaster if something spilled.the markers worked well and look cool.highly recommend ...
i haven't opened this yet so i can't speak to durability and quality - but they do look very nice !
we love this mickey . he is very cute and the perfect friend for our daughter . he seems to be well made ,
these are great for building more complex sets . they fit with thomas train and brio sets . sells for a great price too .
this set includes lots of fake food items . the kids love to make sandwhiches and pancakes and other things with these . good quality .
he loves star wars and lego , which makes this the perfect toy . he really enjoys playing with this lego toy . you won't be disappointed .
one of our favorite carnival games for kids , we use this with the pool for our church carnival and kids love it
this kitty was the favorite toy at christmas . it meows and my daughter loves that . it is very well made and so soft too .
this toy is very cute . it was a great addition to the mega bloks lil ' princess 3 story enchanted castle . the quality is excellent .
it looks pretty sweet and no complaints so i would be confident to say they enjoyed it my uncle loves rc products so its a good fit
great addition to my son's tmnt collection.the heads are removable without breaking the toy so the construction is good .
these weren't avaliable at the local store and my grandson was happily surprised grandma could give him some for christmas ! they came quickly and were packaged professionally .
my girls have loved having this fun little suite case . they even like sitting and " riding " on it . fun and clever for travel .
my grandson now sleeps with this elmo doll every night . he is soft and cuddly and any elmo fan would love to own him .
my son really liked this costume , good price / quality , highly recommend . it's a beautiful costume and i hope buy again one of this
* fun * learn how to spell simple words * learn how to sound out the wordsmy three year old just loves it !
this is a great toy to use with a sandbox . very well made and a wonderful variety of implements to play with .
this is a christmas present and my daughter is going to love it . she has some mario characters already and wanted this one too .
soo cute . one of the cutest dolls i have ever seen . it's beautifully done and i can't wait to give it to my daughter for her birthday .
trying to figure out what is what should be done first . come to an agreement on what each position is worth and then the game is fun !
great fun , easy and painless . my 6 yr . old enjoyed making these for gifts . we even used sharpie markers along with the paint to decorate .
no problems here . my daughter loves her lambie although she is over priced lol lambie helped her be a real doc mcstuffins for halloween .
ordered these for my son's birthday party . they arrived quickly and were exactly as described . will make a very festive decoration for his birthday party .
the bag of mixed bands was great . the grand kids were able to make one color or a rainbow color bracelet .
i also have the maverick and i like this gun better . seems like it shoots farther and faster . a lot of fun .
perfect for a day of face painting . the instruction book was great and even the kids were able to do the face painting themselves !
purchased to play at a family redneck christmas gathering.wound up playing a game my husband got as a gift instead .
these break really easily and you need such a light touch to make them work , not great for toddlers . better for older kids .
this reminds me of my great grandma , which is why i bought it . i love this game ! ! ! so much fun .
the ' bridge ' part is a waste , i tossed it even before my son first used this . but on the whole , it's a solid case .
this is a very nice quality , reasonably priced fantasy doll . comes in collector packaging that is inspiring to child and adult imagination and play .
good construction . purchased it for a 9 year old for christmas , and he has been on it every day since
was excited to get this game . then it came and when our family was all together and ready to play . this game was too difficult to play .
for anatomically correct , this was disappointing . the use in therapy processes will be better served by a more realistic doll ,
got this for my daughter for christmas and she absolutely loved it . item is of very good quality and a must have for any little doctors out there .
bought for 2 year old grandchild not used for painting yet as she does not want to.she has been using them to dust furniture and is very happy .
my little one loves it and as a mom i love it . she can sort the colors , stack and make it move .
i like the details that come with the kit , especially the accessories included , my little ones have taken their imaginations building it and playing cops and robbers .
bought this for my nephew , who is three . quality toy , lots of fun . bat is a great size for a toddler .
only two bracelets have anything disney on them . however my daughter still loves them to wear them all the time !
my girls love playing with these fairies . i have a lighthouse station birdhouse from amazon that i placed in a section of my garden and these fit perfectly .
the color on these gold bands is terrific . very hard to find color . well made , no smell , and no breakage . thanks
i chose this rating because the grand kids are happy with the product . what would i know other than it looks good and seems to be pretty cool .
we bought this for a monster high fan and someone who likes art and designing fashion . she started using it right away .
just like i remember them from when i was a kid . and my kid has learned that predicting the future is at , the very least , ambiguous !
i love the picture and it's so fun to put together - reminds me of the games i played with my brother and now my kids
grandchild had a very good time paying this card game , was excited when she didn't end up with the old maid
so soft great addition to the collection my grandson loved it . product arrived on timeand in good condition . it was a big hit at the party
bought these for a charity event and they worked all night ! ! they also sold fast ! ! great price for what you get .
if you like cah , i would recommend this expansion pack , a lot of humorous white and black cards to add into the original game
think my son is a bit young for this but it wasnt as fun i thought it would be , he does like the balls tho .
i bought this for one of my grandsons for christmas . he has been very happy with it so that makes me very happy .
this is a top quality toy . my 3 year old granddaughter likes it but i suspect she will enjoy it more when she's older .
my 2 1/2 year old loves this toy . the wooden pieces are the perfect size . they are also seem to be good quality .
purchased as a gift so i cannot really say too much about this product . grandson say it advertised on tv and asked for it for christmas .
as always , the kids i give these gifts too really enjoy them.well contructed . hour's of fun playing alone or with another child .
big bird is very colorful and adorable with quality to meet my expectations . very pleased with my grandkids reaction to this guy .
my family and friends love it ! so freaking hilarious . winning a game by who has most tooth left . haha . very enjoyable game .
love to play this game with my husband . i am easily sucked into the fun . love the humor as well .
these two dolls are well made and very pretty . the price for this set of 2 was a great bargain .
it looks really great and is very playable . quite a sturdy build with no particularly flimsy pieces . would be great with more minifigs especially for its size .
perfect for my granddaughter whose mother makes beaded jewelry . very nice set and i got them for 1/2 price during one of the cyber monday week deals .
this is a christmas gift to replace an old chutes and ladders game other siblings had and needed replaced due to condition .
bought these for a party with a dj - the kids love them . i order 50 of them and all of mine worked great . great value .
yes will be telling friends and family . i was glad to find the new doll at that time instock . the price was a good price .
the kids love them , every color , and no odor . the price is right and i'll be ordering a double order very soon .
when i die i wanna come back as barbie and live in all these wonderful places and hang out with all those cool people
this is what i was looking for my grandaughter . she loves it and the price was reasonable . she's getting much enjoyment from it .
the description was very good , and it was a good choose for an eleven year old girl . she liked it !
this turtle is so soft and cuddly . how can you not love those big sweet eyes . this will make a great gift for my nephew .
a nice addition to my son's collection . bruder's the best . no other toy company can compare to the quality , attention to detail and finish .
i bought this for my daughter she had a ball with this . however they don't give you enough glue to use up all the glitter .
its great.works exactly how its intended to work as per the item description . easy to use the four year old can put it on the charger .
we used these to get my daughter to swim underwater and at the bottom of the pool . they worked perfect and she actually uses them every day
such a cute accessory with beautiful attention to detail . there are little dwarfs incorporated into the design which i think is adorable .
we do the advent every year . my son loves to do these legos and looks forward to it every morning .
not only does this keep the kids busy , but also their parents , aunts and uncles ! ! ! everyones seems to really enjoy this !
these will be stocking stuffers for christmas , and i'm sure the kids will have fun with them and have spinning contests .
one side printing . good enough for the birthday party . the moms even wanted one . they are very thin and sewn very poorly though
three year old grandsons enjoyed this additional train and track . always pleased with this particular brand . they make classic toys .
my daughter loves webkinz . she has been collecting them for many years . they are usually beautifully made with so much detail .
needs to be very dark to see the lights and colors . also the light strands feel off of one of the clips right away . very pretty .
i haven't yet played this with my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter but hear that she likes it . good price for gifting .
these are a really fun addition to the sand box . the kids really have fun playing with them and hiding them from each other .
if it made some sort of sound this would of been the toy of the year but my daughter prefer the shake and scare and monster brights
a great game , with great new cards ! fun for parties , or after dinner fun ! a very racy game ! fun even for just 10-15 minutes .
my toddler loves to push this around outside - one of our best purchases for him ( go figure ) ! much recommended .
is in two pieces , but feels like good quality . very clear image , look forward to seeing it up for the party !
love this little guy . cute , cuddly and is a added collector to my collection . he is just the right size
this is an addition to my granddaughters growing collection of monster high dolls . she likes them and plays with them a lot .
received fast . i already had one but my nephew lost one piece so i ordered this one and he loves it because the music is different.great toy ! !
good price to piece ratio . the extension arm just folds , doesn't extend longer though .
we always lose them so whenever possible we order more to stock up on for our nerf wars , can never have enough ! !
my daughter was happy with this purchase and she is building her little pony collection .
its a nice toy .. it has several colors and she really enjoys shinning it on the wall when she is going off to sleep . well made .
my 7 yr . old grandson loves these games . great price for 4 different games . he is having a lot of fun playing them .
kids really love the unique colors of these crayons . great addition to the standard color set . would purchase these again .
my baby loves it and it even survived rain and sand when it accidentally got left outside ! cute figurines too !
this elmo is a very good size for smaller children . it sings and talks which my daughter loved . very cute .
got this for my little girl's birthday and she hasn't stopped playing with it ... she loves all things tiny and this fit the bill
my kids really enjoy this setup . i have to get more playdoh to keep them busy . the soft playdoh works best with this .
these are very cheap toys . i purchased for a mythbusters party and was very disappointed in the size and quality for the price .
this item was very cute and did just what we wanted it to do . it holds up her head when she sleeps in the car .
it's an okay toy , but seems like they are promoting barbie drinking alcohol with the little drinks .
my granddaughter will be delighted . she is crazy about the bubble guppies and this one in particular . she is so sweet .
i have 5 children . ages 4 , 9 , 12 , 12 , 14 - nobody found this interesting .
love . they fit perfect for the party favors . i had everyone wearing them at the party . they are sized for adults and kids
this needlepoint was very easy for my 8 year old to complete on her own and it didn't take her a long time to complete .
my baby loves chuggington and the game is very fun ... i played it too ... it also works on mobigo 2 just fine
my little girl doesn't play with this at all . very cheap made , and hair dryer doesn't even make sound like most toy dryers do .
box of 50 hot wheels cars for $ 50 . definitely a great value as they are usually about $ 1.10+ at any store .
i bought this for my teenager , who is always fidgeting . it gives his hands something to do , and seems to be calming .
i like the fast service and it came when i was home . do you know of an upgrade battery i can use to get a longer flight time .
cute and charming bracelets for my grand-daughter's birthday party . these are excellent party favors , she loves princesses and fairies . precious !
her clothes and shoes are awesome . daughter will get all the monster high only have about a dozen left to get and i really like her as well .
these are nice figures but was disappointed with the off-scale size . wanted something to go with the command center ... why don't they make that ?
kids loved these in birthday favor boxes , wish it didn't have an eight ball one but overall great for kids
my son loves this book , there are lots of things to explore , and learn . cute voices and artwork . we give it an a +
glued these down to an old coffee table for my son ... the perfect lego table on the cheap with things you already have !
my 2 1/2 year old loves my little pony ! this is a great toy . she acts out the stories in the dvd with them . great purchase .
my granddaughter can help in the garden with her very own watering can . it's sturdy and the volume is just right for preschool hands .
my six year old loves all things electronic and i don't feel so guilty when he's working on his math .
my daughter recieved this as a gift on her first birthday , she is almost 2 and still enjoys singing with baby tad !
my grandchildren love the flute and being a flutist myself , thought they would like it for christmas . it is a hitand getting lots of use .
this came super fast , i love the fact that they are seperated by color . great deal , will work out great for their bracelets they make .
this is my first purchased nerf blaster . works well and it is fun to shoot . i would probably recommend buying the strongarm now though
my 6 year old daughter likes this but it makes a big mess and there is no place to store everything .
i recommend these items - - great for grand kids--happy new yearmy grand daughter - collect them - thank you very much--great toys
this timeless card game will be a favorite with kids of all ages even adults like to play . good value .
i used these hats to create minion hats for my sons birthday party . the hats were a huge success , as the kids loved them .
i think adults love this toy as much as kids . it is made of high quality material , is attractive looking , and fun for babies .
my son got this for his 5th birthday . he has so much fun with it . it's easy for him to set up and it holds his attention .
my grandson loved this ! ! this was purchased as a birthday gift , what a surprise when he opened the gift . he has not put it down .
this thing works great . my son loves it and he is a little rough on toys but has not managed to hurt this one at all !
great gift for 6yr old boy - - i gave this together with a dinosaur robopuzzle and it was a big hit !
our grandsons love these great vehicles . they are made well and are very sturdy . they love to use them with the thomas train table too .
i use this battery for testing . works good . i once used it on a model rc copter . so i would recommend this battery for specific uses .
my 5 year old son loves it . pulls back and aims . soft nerf arrows.wish there were replacement arrows now that we're already down to one .
my opinion so far isthe miniature is a 5the flight stand is a 3the game system is a 3
this game was very boring for our 4/5 year old . it was too simple and all your paying for is some stiff cardboard .
a happy little extra birthday gift . works well to bring along in the car , as well as for sharing when using the stable .
great value . excellent product . would recommend to a friend . very easy to use . high quality . two thumbs up . a + product .
grandson love his lego ; s keeps him busy for a while . and it learn him something also . hope he get a lot of use out of it
crisp long golden hair that is so long past her feet . it does not tangle people ! she is so cool to with long crisp golden long hair
curious george by gund is excellent--just the right size , excellent quality , soft , and a curious george face . i highly recommend this doll .
fun goofy game to play with the kids if you have the same sense of humor as a 5 year . i do , so i like the game .
i loved the batman tv show when i was a kid . cesar romero was terrific as the joker . this action figure is great likeness of cesar .
i ordered this for my mother-in-law . i personally don't get the appeal , but it a popular toy and it came on time and as expected .
bought it for my son for christmas . he was so excited to have a dinosaur . it was exactly as described and it arrived on time .
cute pens , came in multiple colors . they work well and i'm happy with the purchase . very nifty pens , very nifty indeed .
recommend to all leappad owners . great to tote around leappad . bright color makes it a breeze for kids to locate
kitchen open ! small hands are able to handle these items . might be nice if there were various choices for food items .
cute , made of quality materials . my 4 year-old granddaughter enjoyed making sandwiches to order and the adults enjoyed playing along !
my godfather liked this gift , a bit simple but he liked seeing ajunque be pregnant at the time a while philosophical
i bought this for my two year old grandson for his birthday . he loves yo gabba gabba and really enjoys playing with these during his bathtime .
got these for my 8 & 10 - year-old and they love them ! they work great and they are such cool colors !
my 4 year old sets this up all by him self all the time . he loves this game . play it today
great set ! my son and i enjoy legos and spen alot of time together putting the sets together ! quality time !
unlike the original toy this one has wings and a tail that are able to go out and retract and it comes with the flying fish .
loved all the other expansion and love this one too . great addition to my ever growing set of cah . sweet .
the best game ever made . i like how they give you cards that you can write your own words on .
really happy with my purchase . my granddaughter loves the set . active make believe play and the hair has sweet scents . recommended .
after reading reviews on several tape measures for children , this was seemed to be the most durable . it was well-received .
i had these brushes for 6 months now and they held up , my daughter used them 3 times a week and they going strong .
this is nice for the price . my 4 yr old loves putting them together . i plan to buy more of these soon .
these slippers fit our american girl doll very well . they are adorable . my daughter was really happy with them and thought they were super cute .
great little toy - perfect size for a little one ( my little girl is almost 2 ) and super soft and fluffy . love it !
great quality and great price . good looking moose ! just the right size for a 6 year old . my little boy loves this .
sculpting and colors are top notch ! you can't go wrong with this figure . i can't wait to complete the whole set .
my daughter loves seeing the cars race to the bottom as our 9 month old pushes the button for the lights and sounds to come on . great toy !
i don't see the point but my 3 year old loved it . she loves dressing up so this was the perfect girft for her .
i gave this toy to my son for christmas and it was broken . the batteries were dry rotted inside of the car . unbelievable .
it ain't great . its okay . my kids lost interest really quick . now it just takes up space . its a little pricey for what it is .
the pet ballons were a hit at my son's farm themed party . they were hilarious and come with a leash , so the pet can be walked .
this baby jaguar is everything that i expected . it is very cute in person and my 2 year old loves to sleep with baby jaguar every night .
this thing is sweet . my 6 year old son loves it . lots of cool options for adventures . highly recommended for any transformer fans .
this is ok if you have lots of ideas on how to use it . the materials are the basic ones for discovery with guidance for the young child .
love the variety the two sets provide with our microscope , also from amazon . these are quality specimens in glass bordered by coated cardboard . well labelled .
i bought this barbie for my daughter . she loves the fact that she sings and loves the color of her dress . this item shipped really fast !
i got it for 6 year old . he loves lego . he enjoyed putting this set together by himself . i like the flexibility of this set .
bought this as a christmas present for my granddaughter who is disable . hoping it will help strengthen her arms and legs .
my daughters ... age 4 and 5 ... love these ! they are really cute ! well made , durable and great for bug lovers ! highly recommend !
they are a bit smaller than i had actually inticipated , but for the amount of money they cost i cannot complain . my daughter loves them !
no complaints about the quality of this paper . meant to go with the m & d easel but it could be used without the easel , too .
this was a gift for a four and a half month old , she loves watching it and listening to the music
we love all the switch n go dinos . my two boys play with them for hours . wonderful for little boys .
bought the rampage for my grand son , he's into playing army and spy games . easy to use and never hurts .
this game is a lot of fun . all ages have had a great time playing this one . it really makes you think and is addictive .
snap circuits are a hit with my 7 year old grandson . so i got this more advanced set for him for christmas so he can do more experiments .
the helicopter was a great addition to our lego town , but the propeller pops off easily ... might be my 5 year old being a bit rough too .
i purchased this book for my grandson he loves it it's very educational i would recommend it to any child age 4 to 10 .
melissa & doug do it again . they always produce great kids toys . we use these numbers on a magnetic board with our grandchildren .
great quality , my daughter loves this product has it on her backpack for school all the kids love this keychain
my nephew really likes this set . and my sister likes that it zips up and keeps his cars together in the driving and while visiting friends and family .
i am a day care provider and bought this for the day care children . the kids like them but i think they should be bigger .
my kids really enjoy this toy . they do use it together with the ambulance set and a small take along fire set .
best thing about play dough is that kids forget about electronics and focus on their imagination and creativity by creating things with playdough .
came fast and in good shape for a 11 yr old girl . right shade of pink . i got the pair of shoes to match .
good quality and authentic emulation of star wars characters . i would recommend this product to any child who loves angry birds and star wars .
this truck goes along with the other items for the gold city mine . we love it . my 8 year old son put it together easily .
most chimes are dangling from a string to get a nice clear tone , but these three are mounte don a block f wood and sound just as clear .
i little 6 yr old has been wanting this for months . she loves it ! this is a great buy ! :)
great classic game that every kid should have in their collection . my kids love it and its still the same as it was when i was a kid .
fits perfect with the zombie crossbow and a must if you have one . hours of fun fighting zombie family members for the zombie lover .
i love this truck . it is so cute in person and durable . my son is only 7 months old and even he's able to enjoy it
i have purchased a few different kinds of these and this one seems to come with the most blocks and shapes . i would recommend this one over the others
smaller than they look on ads . poorly constructed . do not feel like or look like they will work very long .
i bought this for my grandson who is additive to anything lego . couldn't wait to open it christmas day and played with it all morning .
great intro to keeping a check book . my little girl has started writing checks and keeping a pretend balance in her book .
i buy fisher-price disney's jake and the never land pirates - jake's musical .. for my son , he loves . good purchase .
our son loves this puzzle . it's well made and has survived his abuse . the box it comes in is also well made .
the was a gift for my granddaughter . she loves all these leggo sets and is very dedicated in completing them .
this is great as it is exactly as is pictured . this is great as it is exactly as is pictured .
if your child is hooked on thomas , this is a fun , durable , bright puzzle for him / her ! you will not be disappointed .
our 2 yr old granddaughter was using a cupboard ( with glass insert ) as a mailbox so this was right up her alley .
birthday present for my son . well we will see how he does with this . he always wants to ply but is a lil young yet .
i felt lucky to find this item . my granddaughter lost hers and wanted me to replace it . i found this one on amazon , luckily .
my grandson love his new gun ! he now thinks he is the best in town ! i feel this is something safe for him to play with ,
our daughter has loved this game so much . it is helping her coordination skills and she loved the movie too so it keeps her interested .
ama big fan of all melissa & doug products ... i seen this & got it for my nephew for his 2nd birthday ... heard he plays it often .
my 17 month old twins love these ! i love that there are no pieces small enough to fit in their mouths !
i have to admit that i don't know what this is , but my granddaughter had it on her amazon wish list , so i'm sure she'll enjoy it .
probably my favorite character in the series . this toy is built in the typical , high quality of the wooden railway toys .
got the grandkids the leapster 2 games for christmas and thought i better get them the adapters otherwise they would go through a lot of batteries .
i got this gift for my nephew and he immediately started making things . very good for stimulating the engineer in someone
although it dose not perform flawlessly as many of the art asylum toys it is a keeper and a nice addition to your star trek collection
im not sure why we didnt get this sooner , he loves this and was such a great christmas gift thanks again
granddaughters love this color and they love making the bracelets that they make using these rubber bands . they use the other colors also and their friends love them .
seems to be typical quality of a stuffed toy at this price.our 6 yr old really likes this toy and the ponies like it .
this is a pretty cool little toy , harder for the young ones to press the belly to shoot the balls but overall good buy .
omg this was a great gift that my sis her kids loveif your kids like disney then they will love it
has a lot of parts to it and grandson keeps him busy for hours to play with.thanks great job
perfect for little one matching or contrasting colors . easy for little fingers . keeps their interest , a favorite . definitely recommend , good quality as well .
adorable accessories and hours of play for my 8 yr old . very detailed and cute . great addition to the mh collection .
we loved playing dutch blitz and this game seemed close to it . forced the kids to play and they love it now .
like the style and fits great . i wish i had this kind of clothing when i was younger . i like that style very much .
as with all mellisa and doug stuff , this does not dissappoint . good size bucket and easy to use shovel for our two year old .
granddaughter made a bracelet for her mom who was in the ukraine going through adoption for a new big brother .
my 4 and 2 year old really enjoy playing this game . it's nice to find a game that both ages can play .
this is a nice swimsuit for my grand daughters doll for when her and mom went away for spring break
these are a lot bigger than the appear in a good way . the packaging is very nice . this is a great gift , especially for the price
what little girl wouldn't love have a lego beach buggy ? if you can't live at the beach , your legos should . this is good quality and fun .
easy enough to assemble . my 7 & 1/2- year old did it himself at christmas . now he's 8 & still plays with it sometimes .
if you have grand babies and you need something for them to play with and not smear paint all over themselves this is it.it is wonderful .
definitely worth getting so far . they have all worked and are a great price . needed for all the hexbugs that are running constantly !
simple fun paper bags . they are good bags for goodie bags after a birthday party . colorful . the size of normal brown paper lunch bags .
this is so cute and looks just like apollo ! my granddaughter will love it ! she loves this show so much ...
all items store in the kit . everything is realistic . the children enjoyed how they could take blood pressure , check heart beat and give shots .
fun set for lego . very durable set . my kids love the jeep the little guys ride in . it has the detailed things too like a walkie-talkie .
when my grandson comes over he will love to finger-paint . i also bought the finger-paints and smock . good price for the amount of paper you get .
we were expecting a proper lego set ... which this was - in miniature ! more of a stocking stuffer than anything . still very cool though !
my kids love this . they actually use it to play store or in their play kitchen . good quality and made the perfect valentine's day gift .
the kids and adults enjoyed flying this . it had only charged for about 40 min . hit the wall numerous times but still kept ticking ! ! !
clifford is a staple in our daily tv shows . she already had t-bone , so i ordered this clifford . she takes him everywhere .
my daughter loves bubble guppies and loves this doll . the quality is excellent . perfect for a child . very happy customer !
5 star game and i recommmend this game to any one . very educational game for children and my granddaughter loves to play the game
expensive but nice . girls will definetely love this collection , too good quality , came late but nice one . as always happy with amazon purchases .
we had to buy another battery after ours slipped out in flight . plugs in ok , and last just as long as stock battery .
our grandson loves to build with legos . the pieces are easy for him to work with , he loves the farm animals .
the grandchildren love this game ... fun and easy to play ... even the adults played and lost ! my 3 year old wants to play this non stop !
this little picnic basket plays the sweetest little jingles ! i love it ! it's so nice to play with my kids and hear cute songs :)
fun little party favors for anyone or stocking stuffers for the grandkids ! simple to push the button on and play !
an interesting card game whose mechanic isn't really connected to golf , but fun nonetheless . definitely worth the price . pick this one up for your card gamer .
my daughter loves this . it was easy to put together and of corse keeps her busy for hours . love it
inuse tis game at school and the kids love it ! it's easy to learn and the children enjoy iy a lot
a good base for starting projectscan be put away for further work without losing all the piecesgood quality
long lasting , it was as described in ad , would recommend to anyone . good price . came quickly . thank you . he still plays with it .
this is a christmas gift for a two year old who loves diney princesses . it is very well made and goes with other duplo sets .
adorable and beautifully made doll boots-just like my grand daughters real boots and she loved them ! i would recommend these boots .
bought for easter egg hunts because we are trying to cut down on candy and these will work well i htink
got this for my sons christmas gift and its one of his favorites . we skeptical and almost took it back but i'm glad i didn't !
my older niece has gotten into crafting . she was quite exited to open this for christmas this year . i hope she completes it .
they are very simple . but they work fine with the stomp rocket and they really shoot across the room . kids love them
this was awesome game for those who don't really play games but you want them to get into it . great for people who like giving clues .
my 5yr old son loves this gift from his aunts ! ! ! great for imagination play and goes well with his police station .
this is an amazing toy . my son loves it . he has had it for 5 months and plays with it everyday ! you won't regret buying this !
this cat is a constant bedtime and road-trip companion for my 4 year old . she loves it and it's very well put together .
very prettily done fairies who live in the fairy garden and get to sleep in my grand daughters room every night .
my son loves this lil monster he is only four years old . it's also funny and burps and darts . would recommend using cost efficient batteries
my daughter loves this game and plays it constantly ! olivia is adorable , the games are fun . you won't be sorry !
this is a christmas present for my nephew . over all even tho he has not gotten it i am sure i would give it 5 stars
i purchased this for my niece's daughter , and she told me that she loves the games and art included in this product .
good quality toy for reenacting jake episodes and having sea adventures in the tub ! annoyed that i have to buy two jakes to have two complete sets though .
this item is a excellent quality ! ! and i would buy it again . my one year old granddaughter plays with it a lot .
this poop looks real and super gross looking ... i think i can get some laughs with this poop . i was pleasantly surprised at how real it looks .
this is great for kids ( annoying for parents ) . even the slightest movement will send thomas into chugging and chatting it up !
this is different than the other suit basically in color and what the arms are able to do . it is cool to have both .
i would recommend this to anyone who like sonic . colors are vibrant and he is very sturdy . i bought this with shadow .
this was purchased for my six-year-old nephew as a birthday gift . he loved it . it works great and is a really neat gift for a child .
i bought this when my son was 2 - he's now 5 . i am now passing it down to my cousins son . great toy
they are all pretty much the same . teaches numbers , letters etc . colorful buttons , music . it came ready to play . no battery purchase needed .
a bit pricey for what you get , but the wand works fine , the tiara fits fine and my grandaughter loves it . probably would buy it again .
kids love this adaptable laptop . babies , toddlers and young children have tons of fun with this small size computer.it is so appropriate and colorful .
my granddaughter loved this little turtle , there is so much activity to do it keeps her busy for hours . it is a good teaching tool .
this was a present for my grandson who thought this was awesome when he unwrapped it . thanks so much . he loves it .
very pleased with this purchase . arrived just as pictured ... very cute , vibrant color and soft . 2 year old is going to love this !
i made this purchase for someone else who then gave it as a christmas gift . i know she was pleased .
i love this brand of toys and buy lots of them , but you really have to keep the little ones away from this ... not meant for them
great for the american girl doll . it's for my niece so were sending it to her . all little girls love to brush there dolls hair .
hope the grandson for whom i bought these enjoys them as i have since receiving the shipment ! as long as mom and dad say okay , that is ...
these are easy to use and fir a lot of different sized heads . kids and adult love them for parties .
worked very well with the grand kids name brand train set . no problem connecting , was very happy with purchase and amount paid .
bought as a b-day present . it was great price . i'm sure my own 4 year old boy would have loved it too
we love art projects . this is just the thing . i am happy with this purchase and would recommend it to a friend or neighbor .
oh my grandson loves this toy he pl ; ays basketball in the house with this thing . he loves to slam dunk !
this item was purchased to go with an easel for a toddler . i know it will get good use in the future .
my daughter has wanted one for a few years , finally got her one , she likes it but password protection always work to open .
this product saves you leappad from bumps and bangs . i am so happy that i bought this to go on my son's tablet .
i have not built the set , but it looks great . i am excited to build this and the others that i purchased !
very cute .. my granddaughter really enjoys this little puppy . recommend him to any little girl or boy age 6 or under .
bought as a gift for my niece and she loved it ! perfect for any child that loved the movie . great for playing .
great game for kids of all ages . i use it in my practice with children to make stories . the kids all love this game
great game ... fun for the whole family ... every one liked playing it ... was easy enough to play .. also cheaper here then in store
my 8 year old son loves lego and this is another great lego product . he had no problem putting it together and following the directions .
my daughter is too small to sit on it on her own , but she loves being on it with our help !
i am sure my 6 yr old nephew will love these ! how can you go wrong with lego ? they always put out a good product !
my ten and a half month old grandson cries every time one of the bugs is triggered . maybe when he's older he'll play with it .
lovely construction toy by lego , for children 2-5 year old ( or older ) , great quality , stimulates imagination and dexterity ! would recommend anytime !
very special train addition with the zoo cars . my grandson loves it with his thomas the train cars . will buy more !
bought for my grandson . my husband and i were able to put together . i like that it is a bouncer as well as a rocker .
this made my grand niece day . she is in love with cinderella and in this beautiful dress she was in awe ! ! !
i love this cute little dragon . i believe my grand daughter will too.but if she doesn't i will put it on my shelf .
my daughter loves it . she needs help usually to change it from a monkey to being in the house , but she generally leaves it as a monkey .
this was part of a christmas gift for my grand child that loves to make those rubber band bracelets . exactly as described and good service .
this dollhouse set is perfect for younger children and the larger pieces fit their hands . i do not know why fisher price has limited market availability .
daughter got him on christmas along with baby princess peach and baby luigi she was the happiest child that day :)
this is a great toy for a princess-loving little girl . it has many princesses and they all stand nicely for play . good quality .
love these little guys . love off button more . lol well made . can withstand abuse from little boys very well . love it !
the children love it . works good and we have not had any problems with it . the kids and parents love hearing their own heart beat .
this is a great set of legos . my son loves trains and legos and this was the perfect set for him !
bought this as a gift for a brand new baby . adorable , loveable , i hope it becomes bedraggled with love over the next few years .
a very educational toy for little toddlers that are learning to speak . violet can be programmed to say your child's name too !
we got this for our office ( a doctor's office ) and the other office gal and i didn't want to give this little doll up to the kids !
my 5 year old paints on this paper all the time . it is thinker paper . paint does not bleed through .
my 14 y / o son has the champ plane and this was a replacement part for it . arrived quickly and he was back into flying .
i bought these to go with a peacock necklace and they look very pretty . not very heavy at all . would recommend buying it .
nice quality . good toys but too small but my son ( 2.5 years old ) like put animals to some not small cars .
keep in mind when giving these to your kids , they fly fast , are solid and if hit in the eye , hurt like hell .
my daughter loves this minnie mouse doll , she's 2 . nice size and quality . she can carry it around with ease .
this was as advertised . sturdy , easily assembled and seems to be a fun playtime item for the kids ... both in and outside .
i love this dalmatian ! i like how it is black and white with a cute black tail . once again , another hit pillow pet !
my granddaughter is almost 9 and loves playing with logos ... she's very creative and this lego set is a good starter set .
this is an x-mas gift for a litte diva she requested which i am sure she will love on christmas .
our son is two and loves coloring . these crayons are small enough for him to hold them comfortably , but not so small they he can break them .
this was a high quality costume , well made . it came with the instruments . the instruments are sturdy and stand up to rough kids !
bought this as a prize for an event . i personally have not played it but the recipient was please to win it and had played before .
my little one loved this product the moment it arrived , he has not grown tired of it . he's happy so im happy !
i'm 8 years old and i was able to put this together all by myself . it looks so cool and is super fun to play with !
brianna is one of two dolls i sent to great granddaughters in another state . i'm told they enjoy brianna and jenna
this is a good educational toy . the quality is excellent , colors are vibrant , food items are realistic-looking & my kids love it .
the kids loved watching this hatch and grow , why who wouldn't like hatching their own baby dino ? glad i bought it .
with a hose full of little ones they have a blast playing with these , building , tearing down and building even more with their active imaginations .
kids like the game , altho it's difficult for the 5 - year old to set it up for the next round of the game ...
my grandson loves playing with this puzzle for hours and has learned not only his numbers but his colors as well .
found this to be way overpriced for what it is , but my 5 yr old grandson loves it . guess that it what counts .
be careful some products contain lead these ones did not just check to make sure especially if your children will be handling products for safety take care
the original is no longer made so this was a good alternative . it took my grand daughter a week to adjust to this replacement ,
this is our kids favorite game - they can do multi player and work together - great for 5-10 year olds :)
my nine year old grandson received this toy for his birthday . he collects lego people and is into lego police . he loved this toy !
this is a great family game . my kids ages 4 and 7 years can easily play it together . this game gets 2 thumbs up !
my grandson loved this . he loves ticketing with toys that are more like daddies stuff ! this was perfect for him !
as with all lego chima sets ... this set did not disappoint . my nephew is 6 yrs old and he was very happy to receive this .
we took this on vacation and it was great for use in the carseat . it fit on her lap very well . she also liked the side pockets .
popular with the girls that got the goody bags not so much with the boys . they are cute and at a good price .
my grand kid is into monster high dolls in a major way . these poor dolls must be dressed chicly . the dolls like it too .
kooooopa trooooooopa . one i had to get for the collection . cute soft and small . perfect for my daughter . buy it
i love toys that incorporate learning ! this crawl ball looks really cool . i am excited to see the baby play with it !
my granddaughter meadow love it . she said was bestis present santa brought her . she is 4 almost 5 . loves the haor and dress change said cool
good well built wooden product . the painted details on the characters are also very good . game is easy and fun to play .
my niece loved this as a christmas gift . silly that it only comes with one torso and one head though .
great prop ! and a fun toy . makes you feel like you are really on the set of the original series of star trek
my 20 month old love this little car and its super durable . heck this thing as been thrown across the room on hard wood floor and still runs .
thank you , im very happy with the purchase monster high it's alive frankie stein doll , i'm super satisfied , of excellent quality
these are a cool toy and a great gift for 4 year olds . it is one of my go to birthday gifts .
my 3 yr old loves these puzzles , they are sturdy cardboard and the pieces fit together easily . no complaints , we love melissa and doug !
this is a cool model , especially the fact that it has a light brick that lights up the living room . i love it .
saw several young nieces playing this for a long period of time , they were laughing and being quite loud so i believe it was a hit ! (-:
handle doesn't come off easily like other cheap kids brooms . it's the perfect height for kids . my daughter loves it .
these animals are perfect for his hand size as a one year old . they don't hurt when stepped on either .
these are great for a group game playing . and i love that it will work for so many ages groups as well .
this paper works perfect with the melissa & doug easel , which we have and love ! ! it is good quality paper .
these are such cute little silver doll sandals , made to fit the 18 " american girl doll and others . great gift for my granddaughter !
i ordered three of these . it looked hysterical , ended up to be a great fun for the entire family . fun indoors and out .
this is a great little choochoo train ! great quality and so much fun . my little guy loves the light up smoke stack !
seriously , i may have to buy myself one of these . this game is very challenging and completely addictive . grown ups even get giddy over it .
professor z is the coolest car ever , it is very small but very cute my son really like it and has a special place in his display box .
these books take up so much space on the reader , you can't fit hardly anything else . i ended up removing and won't be using . :(
my grandson will be wowed by the halo set . he is an avid collector and like the high quality of the product
didnt last as long as i wanted it to . my son loved it until it stopped producing bubbles . kind of a let down .
they make all barbies into princesses ! ! they are great to replace the crowns that are easily lost . very cheap too ! !
awesome toy . simple and durable . my boy has had his for 2 years and its as good as new . i just bought another one for friends .
we love this kit . we also have the melissa and doug pizza set and the two combined make for a great game of restaurant .
my grandson was very excited to see mickey.this game reminded me of chutes and ladders . i think the game pieces should be plastic .
this is always a classic toy that kids will always enjoy . loved it ! got it for my grandson's first birthday and their aunt loved it too !
not the best quality but lots of fun for kidslove the trunk to keep it all in
car toy very awesome quality , the value may go up if carl doing good in the show as well , it good
i love this little lego guy , especially the wind up on his back ! lego never dissappoints , and this is one of my favorites , so cute !
we bought this for a christmas gift for our grandson to go with his leap frog pad ultraour daughter says he really enjoys playing it
this is the perfect game for my daughter who is 3 . i love all of the modifications it has to reach multiple difficulty levels .
i like this mix package for my daughter's easy bake oven because it actually tastes decent unlike a lot of other children's food mixes .
son was super why for halloween , this was the perfect accessory . he was so happy running around with " the power to read "
perfect for my youngest grandson . melissa and doug products are always so well made , so durable . a perfect present for yonger child .
i bought this for my son , he loved this metal beyblades ! ! beyblades bb118 japanese metal fusion starter met our expectations
it's a ninja turtle toy . my five year old loves all the figures . i wouldn't pay more than $ 8.99 though .
muy linda para las ninas es una diversion sana , buena calidad para niñas , lo que más gusta es la calidad , se lo recomendé a los amigos
my son is very happy with these telepods . he always plays with them in the mini-ipad and we've had no problems
great travel game but ... the trays tend to fall out from the bottom almost need to tape them ever time ... scrabble diamond anniversary edition ! `
this is a nice toy for the price . it's not my favorite of the laugh and learn products , but my son seems to enjoy it .
much played game in our household . good alternative to the original spot it ! never seems to get boring or lose its appeal .
the kids love the cd player , they use it all the time and have a lot of hours of fun with it .
i am a fan of boba fett and this is the best set i ever build , all the figurines included are great and the slave itself is amazing .
i don't know what little kid wouldn't like these . our little grandsons had one fun time . there were more than enough to share :)
these throwback games bring back memories , but don't really compete with video games . it's short lived entertainment for kids these days .
this spektrum dx6i dsmx 6 - channel 2 mode transmitter was just what i needed , works real well , man i can realy fly with this one
i purchased this for my son for christmas and it is pretty small but cute . i think it's a good size for portability purposes actually .
item is too small and not worth the price in my opinion . the kids usually like inflatables . would pick a different inflatable next time .
my two year old loved it . when he unlocks the doors , he loves to count the colorful animals . great toy !
very educational and very nice looking globe . some pieces is hard to attach even to adult . i will recommend to others .
although these are cute , they won't even stick to paper . you will have to glue them on . don't waste your $ $ $ !
i had originally planned on stuffing this with more gifts , but it isn't as large as it appears . the child i bought it for loves it though !
baby seriously enjoys throwing these around . she is often caught banging them on her head . at least they are soft !
very cute for my little great-nephew when i think of the " thomas " story . otherwise , it is quite small and just a train toy .
this has been a great toy for my three year old grand daughter .. she loves it & plays with it
i got this for my granddaughter and she really likes it a lot . she loves that she can get different cartridges for it .
dolls are loved by my daughter . i like the quality and attention to detail . i feel the price is fair for the product you receive .
we now own all the packs that exist at this time . i love this game . it makes me feel awful , but in a good way .
my grand daughter loves this but she still can't figure it out . i think the age needs to be a little older for this item
my grandson is absolutely in love with this set . he has the costume and runs all over the house all mad up .
; my little pirate grandson loved it . he has another ship and there is war a lot , but everyone lives happily ever after .
my daughter loves these , and they were only 10 bucks when i purchased them off amazon.com . love those sales ! and my daughter just adores lps .
busted . i had nothing to fill up the easter baskets . j & i #nidyh ! ! ! and you know how to read between the lines .
granddaughter loves it . she's three years old . son says she plays with it a lot . so it was a good gift .
i bought two of these for my boys and they are perfect . great little action figures for the boys to play with and really adorable .
my 6 year old grandson loves this whole series . product was fine ; sipping was , as usual , prompt . i recommend these toys .
this puzzle is beautiful . it is very well done andmy granddaughter loves it . it is well make and thecolors are wonderful . melissa & doug make greatpuzzles .
i have a new collection of these monster high dolls and i love this one in particular . she is perfectly beautiful .
its a great game to teach all different skills . challenges kids to think and not just go for the easy answers .
good educational toy for my 5 years boy , to show magnetic field . bad balanced and every 2-3 minutes axle falls down from base .
great for any lego city lover , lots of features , cute little lego fireman figure , my son , who got it for christmas , loves it .
this has become my students ' favorite pass-time regardless of age or gender . welcome to the world of rainbow.two words ;)
the girls love playing with these . they entertain them for hours . great product and great price . would definitely buy again .
the shoes are disappointing . her hair is cute though . the purse is pretty . the outfit could have been better developed .
arrived quickly , loads of fun . my 5 year old is just starting to explore legos . he put this together with minimal help from us .
a great addition to add to the thomas set.reasonably price easy for little hands to put together . a big hit for christmas .
we bought these for our sons first birthday . they inflated well and held the helium in till the end of the day .
color wonder is always great . there is no mess . the markers don't mark anything but the provided pages . excellent for toddlers .
as usual everything done by fisher-price is good . this is one of the new items ; laptop so kids can start practice at a very young age .
i bought two of these for my 3 year old & 4 year old grand daughters . they love them . i would like one for my toy box !
awesome ! my son loves it . he plays legos and space games all the time . although i have notice him dismantled more lately .
fast ship ! works well . decent price . do yourself a favor . saves on batteries big time ! would purchase again from this vendor .
this game is fun , quick and easy to pick up . my family of all ages has enjoyed playing over the holidays .
i bought this for my 3 year old son to play on his leappad since he loves toy story so much . he plays it all the time !
but only comes w / 1 car - and of course pix show 3 - - - will have to order more.batteries already installed - super fast shipping .
i love it when i can find fun and educational toys for my grandchildren . these activities are things like what we used to play with and remain timeless .
my daughter is 3 years old and loves this game ! this game is entertaining and enjoyable for my child . thanks !
this is great . comes with cute groceries and works well for any little one . i am happy with the purchase .
this was a great lot for the money . lots of food for kids to learn about . they hold up well to chewing and throwing .
you should hear my grandson & his friends playing with this . they just talk into it & laugh . they are loving trying all the voices .
this is so great , my granddaughter uses it and loves it , it helped her learn to walk , and now she uses it to ride on.great price too
our grand daughter loves her elf buddy . keeps her on her toes and searching every morning to see where her elf has landed this time !
ordered this for my granddaught she is 18 mos old she carrys it ever where . pros : light weight for little ones to carry aroundcons : none
bought this for my gramdson , luke . he really enjoys legos , the more difficult the better . he even has a miniature president obama in the yard !
these were bought as stocking stuffers , and they were a hit . these were almost as fun as a water gun fight without getting wet
great fun for grandkids with all their tmnt action figures and toys , they all have fun with this for hours .
i guess i should have read the description more closely , these are tiny , and cheaply made . my five year old grandson was even disappointed with these .
some key components were missing and i didn't open it on time so now i'm stuck with a game i can't play .
merle good looking toys and the value may go up if you keep it for long time , it very good toys
this mickey is soft and easy to hug . my grandson carries him everywhere . he is all so sleeping with mickey .
not too much to say about this ... it was a football - - seemed to be very well-constructed and easy to use .
when you paint with these , the colors barely show up , the paint is not thick enough .
it is great that nerf is selling these to go with the bow - keeping track of these isn't easy but it is great to have replacements for lost items
great idea for rainy day activities for children which don't require high supervision or batteries which get expensive if the individual usage is more than casual .
disappointed in this set as it is cheap thin plastic . one piece continually pops out so playtime is interrupted . not worth the money .
this product is colorful and helps with hand / eye coordination . helps work the muscles in the hands . great item by fisher price .
was looking for a polka dotted candle to go with the polka dot theme for my daughter's first birthday party . i loved it .
cute product , just a little difficult to get unscrewed . grandchild enjoys them with her little baths ! love that turtle , so cute .
this is fun and seems to entertain the children for quite a while . the quality is excellent and it will last a long time .
better plastic , more positionable , more stable ( balanced ); weapons are difficult to remove from the plastic molded rack . have a knife handy .
my son really enjoys this kit , it has a large variety of pieces and he was able to build quite a few creations .
very easy to assemble . i got this and the matching high chair for my grand daughter . she loves them . they are both very sturdy
its good doll 4 stars only because of the legs , they dont bend.dress is really very beautiful , face nicer than barbie's .
like all the melissa and doug magnetic toys , this one is equally as great . only wish it had its own covered box or bag to store .
i liked the idea of this but when i received it , it was not functioning . i did not bother to exchange as it , just returned .
have played a similar game with deck of regular cards .. this is equally as fun . great when you can get a lot of people .
glitter markers are great , there's no mess . the colors though are not as vibrant as on the picture , it's a bit misleading .
i bought this for my 5 year old niece for christmas and she loved it ! kept her busy for hours !
loved this figure & all the accessories he comes with . my 6 yr old loves him ! ! recommended for batman fans .
my kids love the app-mate toys for their ipads . fun little gift to give them and for $ 3 , you can't go wrong .
love the idea behind this ! but it doesn't work as it's supposed to . it falls apart , the lid doesn't stay on either
i got for my daughter for christmas . she likes to create and customize her own colorful designs . thank you much !
i don't like it and i don't want to recommend it to anyone . it's too cheap kind of toy for kids
great for kids trying to learn how to play baseball . great for ages 1-6 , highly recommend for all children . great toy
it's a neat accessory that mimics the game's prompts but otherwise uneventful in it's functioning . faint glow - not a true flashlight .
the game is so funny . my kids are going to collect them . they enjoy a lot of time playing with it
i guess i didn't realize how small these would be , it was my fault , but they were too small for the kids i bought them for .
boulder is a great rescue bot ! he is easy to transform in both directions . perfect for my 4 year old son !
fun for 5 and 9 year oldl ! ! imaginations run wild with the knights and cannons and horses , , so much fun ! !
these little guns have a heck of a kick . not very accurate , but i didn't expect that since they are so small .
my kids absolutely love this game . it's great for all of us to play and no one can fight over anything . : )
the floral underwear matches a nightgown i had also got for my granddaughter . she loved them both . well made and good price .
i am impressed with the size of these frozen character dolls . well worth the $ and delivery was fast and the price was right !
if you love star wars - this is the ultimate geeky toy - become a true jedi with the closest thing to a real lightsaber !
perfect for little ones . could also work great in a camper since it is small and would store easily .
great price wish i could got more at this price shipped quick / will be watching for this product again bought for grandchild
lots of bricks ! great extras for the kids lego table ! the usual legos fits the table great and tons of diff shapes
really needed . makes the game so much better especially when you've played it a hundred times . breaths new life into the game .
got a really great deal on this before christmas and my daughter loves it . she is only 3 and needs some help but not much .
the pegboard can be used for fine motor activities ! the children can also use this to identify with their colors and shapes !
this is a very nice lego set , very complete and entertained . i bought it for my nephew and he totally loved it .
a little snug for my big 11 year old , but will certainly work.for reference , he wears a 7 3/8 fitted baseball hat .
they say kids learn through play . and this is exactly one of those toys . great for pre schooler or pre-k .
love these block they are safe and toxic free , made out silicon and you can use them as bath toys as well . my son enjoys them .
both of my daughters like this toy . ( ages 2 1/2 and 5 ) . i would recommend it for kids that like sophia .
best chart ever ! ! i look for something like this for years , and never found one until now , keeping my children motivated to do chores .
my 6 year old loves this game ! she can't get enough of it ! she plays it more than her other games .
my son already has donald # 9 , so adding his twin brother douglas #10 was a logical next step for his collection .
it's a small piece of lego , i mean a great fun ! easy to bulid and my kid love's it . ioi
my kids , aged 2-7 , all enjoy playing with this . it came in great condition and so far no grey spots on the screen .
lots of fun for preschool and elementary school aged kids . the metallic sheen is very cool . can't go wrong with this pack .
loves the dvd and the price was right ! the description was what it was ! product was in good condition . thanks
my ten month old got this for christmas . it's really cute and she loves it ! there a quite a few things to keep babies entertained .
my seven year old has had a great time playing with this set and incorporating massive battles with all his heroes .
my son loves this . he loves that it allows him to launch two beyblades simultaneously to have a more fair battle .
my daughter likes to make her own stories , and for me to join in too . it's fun . helps build upon her imagination and creativeness .
these stickers area lot of fun and very colorful . they stick on well and do not fall off easily at all .
good protective cover only negative is zipper broke loose but after undoing a little stiching was able to reconnect the zipper back together
this is a very excellent replica of captain steve rogers aka captain america , as portrayed by chris evans in " captain america : the first avenger " .
this is cheap stuff but it sure does do the job real quick.scared two people with it alreadydoes the job
this is your basic pool toy that provides a lot of fun ! the kids play with them every time we go to the pool .
my grandsons love collecting the star wars figures and sets and spend hours playing with them ! this one was a nice addition to the collection !
for a 2 year old , not too difficult at that age . enough puzzles to keep her interested plus it is compact !
this was fun for the whole family ! we did this when our son was in preschool and he loved it !
i think mind-developing toys like this one are great . this one sparks a child's interest in electronics more than just reading it in a book . highly recommended .
fun game to play by yourself or against someone . you can learn to tie different types of knots.challenging for beginners . you can play over and over .
5 for great gifts and collectables and she loves them and she is happy so am i more to come am sure
got this for my daughter . we couldn't find it around here . she likes to go online and play with these . she has quite a collection .
our 5 yr old loves this game , which he got for christmas . such a cool concept . love the little travel bag as well .
my son received this with boots and swiper too and he plays with them a lot.they are really cute !
this was a great price and exactly what she wanted . the packaging was great and quality was as expected . i would buy again .
good for small hands and to teach your little one their vehicle and different boats . good for motor skills .
this was a gift and it was loved by the college girl who loves art and day of the dead items . great gift and service . thanks .
these are high-quality crayons that are very durable . they hold up under small hands very well and deliver a consistent , even color on paper .
i got this game for my boyfriend's birthday . there were a lot of instructions , but once we read through them , we had a blast playing !
the kids really enjoyed this project and were proud of their creations . they didn't need a lot of supervision which i appreciated .
added to our family fun night , such a silky little game that brings out great laughter for the whole family
offered at a competitive price , what collection is not complete without luigi ? he has held up well and has been played with often .
it is the perfect size for a toddler . it is easy to use and a great addition to his construction big boy room .
love the company . go recycling ! package was easy to open . truck is bright and sturdy . ladder can raise up . perfect for a little kiddo .
my son asked santa for this for christmas . quality seems good and he's been super happy with it . very pleased .
my oldest grandson wanted this action figure . i bought it for him for easter . you can never go wrong buying something the child wants .
loved the easy open packaging . son loves the toy . he uses it with his spider man from last year . i think it's an improved design .
love these older toys that still are a hit with the kids . they love to hear the realistic sounds of the animals .
so far it looks good but my son has yet to find out how to launch it . when it launches i will post update .
and this twilight sparkle was perfect to keep her entertained as she creates lots of her own stories with her favorite pony .
this will let your leapster take a beating . my four year old can open on her own and put it away easy enough .
this is for my grandson for his stocking . he loves max and always loves the tv show and the books .
well made and my grand daughter loved it , don't know much about dolls but made her happy and that is what matters .
my two year old boy grandchildren adore these stickers , especially the race cars and motor cycles , emergency vehicles , and construction vehicles pages .
these arent anything special . they are fun little swords and they came quickly . i'd buy them again but there isnt anything amazing about them .
we ordered the replacement parts for when parts are needed . thanksfully , we have not had to replace any parts yet .
i have bought all my grand kids 1 year and older these blocks ... they play with them for years , so worth the money !
this is perfect for a five-year-old boy . i just gave it as a christmas present to my nephew and words can't describe how much he loved it .
this is a great gift for a boy and my grand son so loved it , he will have many hours of enjoyment .
my 3 yr and 2 yr old like playing with it , pretending it is real food . attaches on vel crow . nice for kids to play with .
this is definitely for your rock lover . my daughter went nuts for her rock collection and had a blast breaking these open .
lego harry potter hogwarts 4867this series i intend to collect ! ! great set , have you will know ! ! discount when buying a good !
overthought her tball gift . she never ever uses it . likes standard tball instead.that and its just too light to easily stay upright in the yard .
a great plush toy to have , my son collects all sonic and this was the right size and made well too .
i think this abbey doll is really cheap for the monster high dolls ! hopefully you guys will listen to my advice and buy this .
i play this with my family all the time . this is a great game that's been played for years . nice deck .
my nephew carries his tools around wherever he goes . this is a great toy for young ones . the quality is what you would expect from fisher-price .
great power ranger sword . soft flexible end so kids can't get hurt and so it won't break . the circular disk spins with the flick of a finger .
this is a great helicopter.sturdy and holds up while someone learns how to drive it.nice and well made .
the animals were large and colorful . the children are going to just love playing with these . i got a set for each classroom .
my grand daughter loves it . i gave it to her for christmas . she has a great time with it ! she is 7
i love this it is the perfect size for my frozen care package i am putting together for a dear friend
this is cute and my 2 and 4 year old daughters love it . easy to put together . i just wish it was a little more sturdy .
we received 6 hooks instead of 5 pieces , they are completly helpful for making bracelets . they are helpful to recover a broken bracelet
we love all think fun products except a few . but this one is really cool . our 7 yr old likes it .
love working with lily playing with this set . teaches color , shape , sorting - you name it . the three heights also provide visual interest .
precious little doll . well made . soft . bought it for my almost 2 year old son who , unfortunately , couldn't care less about it .
i like this little toy for my grand son to play with . it helps him to learn to hit a ball .
great toy . arrived in a timely fashion , new and undamaged as advertized . 3 1/2 year old and 1 year old love it .
the pictures do her no justice , her pink is so vivid on the green and the shaved section of her hair is so original
this mower makes a bunch of different noises and is very fun for my daughter . i just wish that the handle would stay up .
we've almost completed our collection of holiday barbies made since 2003 . this is another wonderful addition to our collection . my daughter loves her barbies .
my granddaughter loved adding howleen wolf to her collection of monster high girls ! so cute ! !
big hit with my 3 yr old daughter . head is nice and soft , and doll itself is a nice size .
my son loved this the first day and hasnt touched it since . ( he gets bored with things once he figures it out . )
this is a cute novelty toy . the kids have had lots of fun with it . i am happy with the purchase .
my kids love this , great buy from amazon.very good quality item and folds up flat for easystorage . a + + +
a fun time was had by everyone playing with these cars . it doesn't take long to setup and brings back memories of playing when i was younger .
boots is cute . ty beanie did a great job with this piece . vibrant and cute . daughter loved it a lot .
these are cute ! the stands don't stay very well , but my daughter loves them ! she plays with them all the time !
great little ball ... we have had it about a month , no issues . perfect size for my 3 year old just learning to play :)
i returned this item because the balls did not come out at all . got a second one through another store with the same problem .
we bought a play kitchen for the 3 year old and stocked the fridge and counter with these durable and realistic items .
i bought this when my grandson was 11 months old for christmas . he loves it ! high quality at a great price !
very cute game . interactive and learning with a variety of little games that keep children reaching for more challenges as they play with familiar characters .
this product was as expected - - a pack of water balloons and a knotter . slightly overpriced for what you get .
theres not a whole lot i can say about these toys but i bought them for my 5 year old son for christmas and he loves them
i'd recommend this item . my grandchildren had a blast playing with it , that's proof it must be good . i would recommend .
i purchased the leappad 2 for my granddaughter for her birthday and she loves it and this game.plays with it as often as mom will allow .
i got this for my 3 yr . old son for x-mas and he loves it ! it keeps him entertained for a long time !
holds all my sons cars ( a couple are a little big ) but now theyre not scattered all over his floor !
an awesome toy for those who like phones ! i pretend play with my daughter and she slides open this phone to send me text messages . its very cute
super cute . my 5 year old loved this . his favorite part is the light saber so fun to play with and display .
they have loved it . it keeps the 18 month old girl's busy and they love to play it with their brother too .
grandkids had lots of fun playing this game , it is also a toy they can play with by themselves , if there is know one else around
these are cheap . for the price , i guess i expected it . but they are good for a one time use , and they will break .
i purchased these dice to use for neighborhood bunco parties . they are well made and hold up during a lot of use .
cute , cuddly and soft - not to mention a great price ... now i'm just typing words to fill in space .
this one is great for pretty much any kid . stimulates creativity , and enjoyment of wildlife . good combination . i think my grand daughter will love it !
this monster high dolls are all beautiful and quality products . operetta looks just like you can see . can't be happier ! ! .
i purchased this loom for both of my granddaughters for xmas . they love this thing . they play with it for hours .
my granddaughter loves to play school , house , and store . she requested this product because a friend of hers had one . she loves it .
grandson loves his bugs . the price was better than what i had found at the store and there was more to choose from here .
i love shopping at amazon , ordered products always arrive in perfect condition . my daughter is happy with drawing their favorite dolls and the quality is excellent .
tomy products seem to have taken our youngsters by storm . my nephew has an ever growing collection of which this was purchased for .
i bought one at walmart.com ( this july ' 12 ) for $ 19.99 and i'll pick it up at the store don't pay more than that :)
instead of just reading what things look like real tiny you get to see them up close just plug into the tv and enjoy .
love this set . got it 15 % cheaper than listed on lego site and received it quickly , my son absolutely loves it !
my son loves playing with switch and go dinos , this one is able to haul around other vehicles which he really likes !
the doll is fine , but i was disappointed that she didn't come in her own box since i was giving as a gift .
my child loves using her tag reader with this book . it brings life to the classic characters of scooby doo .
bought for my one year grandson , on his birthday along with a lot more of the vetch smart wheels he loves them .
greatest version of laserbeak to me .. guns are large but not a matter to me .. hope more toys come from this movie
the ravensburger puzzles are always good quality , and interesting . my mother has several ravensberger puzzles , and she always enjoys the challenge .
works great , dries in good time , not slimey like some others we have tried . nice smooth paint for arts and crafts with the kids !
my son loves airplanes ! we live close to the ups world hub and this was the perfect gift for him since he sees the ups planes so frequently !
i think that these are great ! my little girl loves them ! thank goodness for washable markers and crayons as well as the flatter tip .
just brought the cheerleading outfit so a course you have to get tennis shoes to go with it great price
my 16 months old son loves it ! he always goes back to this set and now we've one piece missing ! it's still his favorite puzzle set .
my daughter loved this game while she was in preschool . she outgrew it quickly but she enjoyed it while she was young !
good to see my son focus for hours on something ! good set . fun to play with afterward as holds together better than some of his other builds .
well made ... one of my son's favorite game / plush ... too bad they didn't make these with sound like the previous original version .
looks like a nice quality product , is really cute and i also orderd the shoes . i looks just like picture .
our 3 year old grandson can now play with his own construction vehicles by the hour , indoor or outdoor . perfect for a small child and very durable .
this made m3 very popular with my eight year old niece . i have received two bracelets from her attesting to our friendship .
my 7 yr old loves changing her pictures to create stories at night . love the colors and themes she chooses to go with her pics
nostalgic gag gift i had as a youngster . bought all four of my kids this for the holidays . grandma and grandpa have been warned in advance . lol
grandson was happy with it . he just wanted an optimus prime and he's enjoying it . i bought this size and one smaller for the car bag .
everything that is made for thomas the train is wonderful .. i have 2 grandsons with special needs who love to play with these sets .
cute toy , came quick , child loved it , made good christmas gift and added to child's farm set well and made her very happy
i love dominion and all the expansions . not your typical boardgame . very addictive . a different game every time . go to boardgamegeek.com for more information .
filled about 1/3 to 1/2 full of play dough . great colors . eggs go back together easily . perfect storage medium for play dough . fun easter gift .
my kids love this , they are 2 and 4 . both like to hear the silly sounds and games in this playful , educational leapfrog product .
i bought this for my niece for christmas and she loves it . it is made with sturdy material . i recommend this for little girls
i ordered this coffee maker and a few others as a set and it offers hours of play time ! i just love it when she makes me coffee !
this is a great gun ! it is so easy to reload the darts . it out does any of the other guns !
great and fun ... for about two weeks . then the battery craps out and wont hold a charge anymore . if only they made a better battery ...
we have a child who collects penguins and this one sits in front of her other " beanies " . it is too cute for words .
my grandson loved this collection as a christmas present ! quality toy that will last for years to come and i recommend it
my 1.5 year old nephew loved this toy . it was smaller than i had expected , but i have no complaints . item was recived quickly .
easy to use to dye eggs with small children . not much in box but i guess that is ok . just ok . does the job .
my 15 month old got two of these for christmas , and he loves them ! we keep one upstairs and one downstairs . good old fashioned fun .
i donated this to a local hospital for people there . i heard from the patience ( sp ) really enjoyed it .
this is a favorite for the kids to play with and have lots of hours of fun with this toy .
dinosaurs were poor quality and had tails cut down to fit into the eggs . would not purchase again . not a good value .
great classic toy ! toddlers love this great corn popper . great construction . very sturdy ! should last a lifetime . great price ! very pleased !
these checkers are just right for the homemade checker board my husband made . they are great quality and a super nice price .
best pokemon cards ever ! great rarest pokemon cards.this is my grandsons comment . they were a gift for him .
perfect for the kids . they had fun playing the game . anything jake is a hit . would recommend for everyone , fun to play !
i got these with a 3rd one in set at toys r us for 38.00 . so i think these are little over pricedfor what you are getting .
this is a teenie tiny table top size dog . this is not the pull toy dog shown in the pictures with the girl .
kids play with this all day long in the pool . perfect size too .
was love by granddaughter at christmas was a huge success . even adults loved trixie ! will be fun for years to come !
what little boy wouldn't like this . i bought 2 for 2 different lil boy different ages and they both liked them . i liked the colors on this toy
my 2 year old grandson thinks they are real money and guards it from captain hook all the time ! ! ! love it
this was the perfect christmas gift for the one year old . she loved it and all the pieces are so safe .
a fun activity for a rainy / snow day . my nieces enjoyed it . and as always found a great price on it from amazon
this doll is so pretty ! clawdeen is my daughter's favorite character and this one is absolutely gorgeous ! will be her favorite for sure !
i can never say enough about legos ... we love legos ... always adding to your collections always excited about new products
this was bought with the intention of making math fun for my granddaughtershe is having some trouble with math and am trying to make it fun for her
cord is thin and stretches , not like the cord i remember as a kid . my daughter is satisfied with it . arrived on time . good price .
so cute ! i can see why my grandson wanted this for christmas ! ! ! the perfect toy for the dinosaur lover in your family !
provides some more races which is great . i would say definitely worth the buy , provides a new aspect to the original
super nice dragon for pretend play . realistic features and sturdy body .. the only warning is store carefully as his wings are fragile .
great old school drinking game . hit , drink , hit drink . sink , pound ! good fun
my grandson loves this thomas battery operated train . it has been working very well . the battery has lasted for at least two weeks .
the animals and flowers in this set are super cute . my kids love them and play with them often . great buy .
this is a cute minifigure ! i love the monkey that hangs on her arm , and also the banana piece . cute for our collection !
my 7 1/2 year old had no trouble with the first fairy that we went through together with the directions . pretty cute !
great rainy day project ! my four year old niece loved it ! i bought another set just so we could make all the animals and flowers again .
bought this for my 4 year old grandson and he loved it .. very easy to put together and very quick service
this is a nice 1st game for a preschool child . this is something the whole family can play and have fun .
these are great . well made and my kids love them . good price , and the quality is better than some actual pay doh stuff .
evryone who sees this bear loves it the song is sung well sounds real nice the whole product is impressive , would recommend .
this is a cute , soft stuffed animal . it arrived exactly as pictured , and i'm sure it will be loved for many years to come .
wonderful alternative to the steel red wagon . ourgranddaugher loves this wagon and loves beingpulled in in for walks with her papa .
be careful , it's fragile.it shattered to pieces after my furball had a fit one day and decided to attack the bookcase.since then i've super glued my other nanoblocks .
11 month old can safely play with them . put them in her mouth to chew while teething.easy to wash .
this was purchased for someone else however it looks like the kids will love it . gret for a small yard .
was not an over the top type of doll but for a simple doll , really hit the spot and was a good ideal gift
i bought these not realizing that all the coloring sheets come with a few markers . now we have more markers than we can handle
was a hit with my 3 year old granson . arrived early for christmas . his big bro of 6 had to help him some but he loved it !
daughter 11 wanted orbeez as the only toy for christmas . was quick and easy lamp takes batteries was so easy and fun she got the foot spa to .
this is another success in the " walking dead " action figure line . likeness is very good , and he comes with wome pretty fun weapons .
looks just like the real dyson we own and my little girl love playing a pretending she is cleaning the house with her mother .
this game is average but i beleive it is still a great game . leappad continues to amaze me on an annual basis .
ok plastic product . looks good on the wodden swing set . my kids are not that interested in it however , probably should not have wasted the money
great product for my 6 and 2 year old granddaughters . they love to play with them with their kitchen and little boys like them too
i bought this as part of my son's birthday present ... it is a good quality tmnt positionable action figure ... and it was fast shipping .
we play this one at work during lunch ! every group i've shown it too really likes it , including non-gamers . this is a must have ! ! !
amazon has the best prices on these plates which are great for lego builders to be able to move their creations around in one piece .
our three grandchildren ( ages 3-5 ) can't get enough of these creative items . an excellent product , and a much enjoyed christmas gift !
diesel is one of her favorite trains . i was very pleased with this one . it is loud enough to hear and the craftsmanship is very good .
ideal for parties , this abstract game puzzles the logical skills in people of all ages . ideal to share with friends and family
with the original air hunterz coming with only 3 arrows , this is a must to keep the fun going . 6 seems to be a good number .
works perfect , my grandchild loves it & so do i , there's no messperfect for travel & at home .
bought this for my two year old grand child . she loves to pretend to cook.much nicer than the plastic variety . no bhp's .
many hours of family fun . great for parties and get-togethers . easy to play . fun for adults and kids . keeps the brain / mind sharp .
this is a great game i bought it for my three year old neice she loves it and it is a great learing tool for matching .
its chalk . i received 2 colored boxes instead of a white one which would have been nice . none of it was broken so thats a plus .
this accessory set is a perfect accompaniment to the melissa and doug easel . my granddaughter is delighted with her art supplies and uses it everyday .
a fun game that all my kids can play , easy to learn and play ! great fun for family time at home .
order 5 actually for my kids , nephews , my daughter's friend . love it .
my son was very excited about getting these cards . i have no idea about these things , but he said it was a good grabbag for sure !
my son loves it , it seems durable , is easy to transform ( my 3 almost 4 year old ) and is his constant companion .
good for the price , and son enjoys it , he is one yrs of age . it has a lot of learning fun games
they aren't terrible , but the reviews i'd read led me to believe they'd be stronger than they were . i was disappointed .
i bought this as a gift for a picky little lady . she loved it and and now wants to change the skins to match her clothes , lol .
one of the best great vehicles for 2014 , this is quite a nice to build , it comes with the red canoe
figure looks great but overall is a fragile overpriced piece of crap . buy a better figure for less . broken before i even opened the box .
my son loves it - it really does help for him to spiral that ball ! i like giving my kids things that gets them outside !
i will keep getting the little lego building sets that are inexpensive as long as i can find them for family and friends .
it risk , what more can i say ? classic fun the kids love !
i love this character in the saga ! and this doll is really very similar to the character . recommended for fans !
durable so far for my granddaughter . she enjoys pushing things around in the cart . fun toy to have for a little girl .
great quality and price ! glad i got this and know her games and game system will be protected ! i recommend !
easy to install and has given many days of fun . get's our little sunshine out of her room and into the fresh air where she belongs .
my two-year-old is already getting better fine motor skills with utensils thanks to practice with this knife . safe , fun , educational .
its quiet and my son doesnt like that and it doesnt have a lot of cute little sayings just a lot of counting . not his favorite .
perfect for " cooking . " these are attractive and fit little tikes kitchens . our two-year-old is having a great time mixing and cooking with these .
while purchased for a child , this quality plush owl could be very desirable for an adult , as well . i was tempted to keep it .
i like the new look and feel of this mastermind game . beyond that , there really isn't anything i can say about it . it's mastermind .
this is a gift for my four year old super hero loving nephew . what a neat take on the traditional matching game .
great game , good box , and pieces . bad directions for someone who has never played the game . thank goodness for the internet .
great product my one year old loves this it's our on the go toy for when she starts to act up wish it came in a girls color
this is a beautiful toy . it is sturdy and my son loves it . it almost looks retro , but has a modern-retro look . great purchase .
great for any girl who loves dolls , american girl doll or knock off american girl doll or just any dolls . fun and beautiful stickers .
purchased item for 8 year old granddaughter as part of her christmas gift . she loved it . could not find item in other stores .
fun , easy kit to assemble . wy 7 yr old grandson and i did itin 15 minutes and he was thrilled to see it go .
some items were broken when we got them in mail . thin plastic but they werent expensive so i would say they are ok for the price .
my son has so much fun with this toy and he love's how it interacts with his imaganext castle toys
hopefully it is being used . i think my grandkids like iti bought it so they would have something to do in the car
very good quality watering can . my daughter loves it . i even use it for my hanging baskets because the water pours so smoothly .
my granddaughter saw this and wanted it for her gift at easter ... she loves it and goes everywhere with it ... loves it
the snap cubes , set of 100 blocks were much smaller then i thought , they were for my two year old granddaughter . pieces are too small .
purchased for my little girl who is also a fan of princess ariel . this will give her hours of entertainment as she develops her imagination as she plays .
great idea for a house and storage . i am grandma and they love how it travels well .
this toy delivers if you have someone who loves thomas . looks just like the pictures from the book . my nephew loved it .
we did a camping birthday party and i decorated the canopy with these . worked good , on the cheap / filmsy side so be gentle when opening in them
what a cute little outfit ! it is so easy to put on baby stella for my 4 year old ! it also washes up beautifuly !
just waiting for cousins to come play with my kids.none of them have every played with it and i loved it as a kid.delivery time was great .
love flash , love the metallic paint job , and i love the box design . everything about this product is great . would def . recommend this .
the one side is really a waste.but i likethe side they use the water pen on.for $ 10 cant expect much .
i had these as gifts at our company picnic and the boys and girls loved them ! i will definitely buy them again next year !
so cute ! i bought this for my nephew for christmas , i was tempted to keep it for myself ! ;) haha
the color doesn't disappear in the bath and the kids really enjoy mixing colors to make another - the best drops out there !
i rated this a 5 because they are new . i love it now i have more papers . i would recommend this to everyone i know .
these are great for checkers . my grandfather had a set of checkers when i was a kid that were similar to these , so these are quite nostalgic .
my daughter loves these things . they are your typical wooden dolls inside of dolls . construction is as sturdy as possible with the light wood they use .
do not really like this one . it makes weird sounds . i guess i was just looking for the original that i had as a child .
boys are having a great time with it ... can't seem to get them to put it up for bed time ... we have to limit the time ...
my daughter loves play-doh and hated the dentist . i used the item as a fun teaching tool and last dentist visit went great !
we needed more cars for our set and these are great . great speed for the race track , nice colors so everyone gets a car .
they were made well and they fit the american doll great . i would recommend these for use on the american doll
can use inside on her chalk board and outside on the driveway when weather permits . like the thickness of the chalk pieces .
very fast shipping and both my daughters enjoy this especially when two people sit and push them.back and forth in it ...
i can't keep my daughter away from this toy , she is always playing with this . it was a great price and received it fast
like it alot . boys play with it alot . needs more cars with it . lots of parts to put together . batteries last along time in it .
this toy provided lots of fun for the child . helped to distract him from his fear of water .
my 5 year old grnadson loved this set ! he has tons of fun putting the lego sets together with his grandpa .
my granddaughter has one ond enjoys playing it it , so i ordered a second one for my niece's birthday . she is also enjoying it .
perfect great awsome wonderful the best every ... looking forward to buying more lego products ... i love your site it always good thanks
my dino fan did not like these at all and he likes everything that has to do with dinosaurs . i would spend my money on something else .
one of the best thomas pieces ! fun sounds and very cute . my son runs over to his train table when he hears the lighthouse horn .
this doll is typical quality you would expect for any barbie doll . my 4 year old loves playing with her .
purchased this for a friend's daughter who was turning 5 . she wanted to play with this before anything else . very cute little set for an ariel fan !
it is ok but not practical . i use it for the car but it is unconfortable to have it on while playing with the ipad .
got this for my daughter and she loves it . cute music , food inside is great , and its a fun toy .
the kids think its pretty cool . it's not terribly bright , so you need to have a dark room to see the projected image .
my 3 yr old loves this . she got it from santa . yo ho ho ! i would recommend for children under 5 .
we bought these for our 2 1/2 year old , that is dinosaur crazy . we keep them on our fridge and he loves them .
my 8 yr old daughter collects mh dolls and this is a great new addition ! very detailed and gorgeous ! great buy !
this was for my 2 and 3 year old and although they love them , the pieces are hard to keep track of for them
only 1 comes in the pack . not three . it gives a small shock thats it . nothing spectacular to be honest .
wonderful stocking stuffer . great for train lovers , even if they are not into harry potter . nice size and not too difficult to put together .
my grandson ( and his older siblings ) enjoyed the sounds it makes and the fun of fishing with this electronic fishing pole .
my grandson hasn't opened his thomas track yet ( a x-mas gift ) . i know he will love it . especially since it does work off the track .
a good collection of the basics . will definately consider more of this set . good collection of colors and sizes . thumbs up .
my daughter loves this to feed her babies . it has been a hit with her so therefore it is a hit with me .
got this for my 3 year old . i like that they are bigger than the traditional legos . comes with alot of pieces .
i bought these to add to the step 2 fixin ' fun outdoor grill set i purchased . very nice set . the toys are sturdy and well made .
bought it for one of my great 9 year old nieces and she slike the look and feel of it , but it really does nothing else
we collect barbies and now twilight stuff as well - alice is beautifullly done - a wonderful vampire to our collection !
we shopped around for this mask and found the best price on here . my son loved it and wears it around all the time .
this is a red light which shines pretty far , not as far as a lazer light but pretty good anyway .
hoping local flower shop will lend hand with helium . given to young angry bird lover who can't wait to silently sneak up on his grandpa
the cards is colorful and the designed of the letters is so fabulousi like the fact of the cards it can't rippedi'm going to buy animals flash card
i like how they roll but stand upright from the beany weight on the bottom.high quality , authentic ty product .
my grandson was very happy to get this for christmas . he is looking forward to using it more . this is a learning tool for him .
i bought this for a gift for our granddaughter . she loves lego's and horses ! definitely a win ... win . best price i found .
these are fifteen bucks at wally world . i have not used it yet but seems to be a pretty good quality .
this is a great transformer for a little kid , it's very easy for a five year old to transform it , a lot of fun for little hands .
my granddaughter says this is one of her favorites . she really likes the turtleneck top and the colors that match .
very sweet ! good quality . as described . would recommend ! looks just like the star from the game . my son loves it !
the addition of this pack has added so many more laughs to the game that has become a staple at parties and get togethers
was a christmas gist for my nephew . he loves legos and iron man so this was a great combination . he loved putting it together !
what's not to love about legos ? my son of course loves them . any set is great . so , this is no different .
i was quite pleased when i received this bathroom set , and my three year old grand daughter is too . no regrets here !
this truck won't disappoint ! my grandson already has 2 of the jeeps and loves them . my 3 grandsons love playing with their bruder trucks !
this set is one of the best lego creator can offer ! get it while its still available ! hugh set and value for money !
used these in goody bags for my 4 year olds birthday party . the kids and parents loved them . they are small but sturdy
my son has loved these kits since he was 4 and is now 7 ... great for a rainy day . good for kids 4-8 years old at least .
this fp heli flew great right out of the box . very minor trims . np problems , no hard landings . good price as well & fun ...
i bought this for my firefighter husband as an addition to his lego city collection of fire apparatus - - he really likes it .
thanks for sending it fast.too many woeds that it not right we should be babble to write what we want that is why
this is a great cooperative game , that is bunches of fun even when you lose . i like that everyone is forced to work together in this game .
everyone loves the challenge of this game my grandchildren up through grandma and grandpa had so much fun trying to beat the buzzer . lots of fun !
my8 year old granddaughter loves legos and this is one of her favorite play sets , she spends a lot of time with it .
even with coupons and other discount , this was the best deal on the pillow pets , i am sure my daughter will love it !
this toy is great . my son loved it . he is just like in the movie . he arrived on time in perfect condition .
my son got this as a birthday gift and it's probably his favorite off the series great detail and a figure he enjoys playing with a lot .
my five year old daughter loves this toy . she plays and sleeps with the bush baby . she has a lot of fun with her new toy .
the princesses make it fun to read . my 4 year old daughter loves " reading " along with her v-reader about her 2 favorite princesses .
my 6 yr old loves making name necklaces for herself and her friends . the wood beads are of nice quality .
this was fun for my son . doesnt like to fit into the box where it belongs after playing with it .
this simple , cheap toy has given us hours of fun ! kids love to play with this , but so do adults ! makes a great gift !
i like the sandbox idea - and this is nice for indoors - fits on the desk . / table nice - for a boy - - a definite winner
the title says it all ! i have been buying webkins for 5 children and amsurprised that they all still want them - even the 10 year olds .
it looks great on the commercials . i thought my artist in the family would love it . but she really has not played with it much .
this plush was a big hit as a gift for my younger sister . she was very excited when she got it .
my boys love this addition to their star wars lego sets . great product , nothing to complain about . they will play and play with it .
works perfectly with my ipad 3 . the little stands in the back are not so useful , but the locking mechanism is perfect .
our daughter is a little young to really play with it but she loves it so far . i like all the little people toys .
this was purchased to go with a shopping cart and a kitchen set . it is nice and sturdy , definitely kid proof .
my daughter is very good at using the stencils and very creative . i think this is really helping her improve her art .
great grandchildren gift . this is what they wanted , and when it arrived i was impressed with the quality ! great interactive game for the children .
i bought this for my grandson and he loves it . e lives pulling his cars around everywhere with him ! nice quality .
my grand kids loved this set . the pieces are very well made , and the lantern and little stove even light up . i would definitely recommend this .
my grandson is 19 months old and he loves this . the size is perfect for his little hands and fingers .
this was bigger than i expected for the price . i bought it for a toddler but would have worked for a school age kid as well .
this is a great piece for the set . the detail is perfect for the size . imaginary battles are going to be great !
my daughter was really excited to play with play-doh mega fun factory . it really helps with creative thinking & learning .
great xmas gift for my little scientist daughter has really enjoyed it very fun as professional looking glad i bought
this little guy is great .. you crash and it will not break it is easy to control.the only things is the battery dosent last but 10 minutes .
for granddaughter who will change 10 times a day in her playtime so a perfect and wonder ful gift for her
initially it took a back seat to the other christmas gifts , but eventually it was given some time and was easily manipulated by a 4 1/2 year old .
angry bird plush was a super gift for my grandson for christmas . for any child that is an angry bird fan then will love this one .
very cute she loved it ! xxx xxx xxx xxxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx
this is a great toy for boys . it was fun to build and great for play time . it was a big hit .
my boy loves it , and it works great with the castle . i think he call's it the smasher and that fits .
i bought the leapfrog leappad 2 gel skin to go with the leappad 2 for my grandson because he is very rough on toys .
thank so much .. this item is very good hora loca party , delivery and price is ok excellent product .. i need price 10 dozen o more
my 1 year old twins love this dog ! it's cute and cuddly and they dance every dance the dog starts to sing ! precious !
great gift in a time of lead laced toys for kids . very educational and safe .
very nice set i really like the boba fett a lot and they have nice details and articulation i recommend .
fun toy , encourages imaginative play . parts fit in van , easy to open and close.easy storage , would recommend . your child will enjoy .
great condition cards but they were a little on the pricey side . but if you are looking for fast shipment then this is the way to go .
i am so glad that i purchased this for my granddaughter's leappad that she got from santa on christmas . great to protect the leappad from breaking .
although not completed yet , it looks like a nice kit of materials for the project as advertised . should be a good winter day craft project .
my son is a huge lego fan and has several sets . the stagecoach is one of his favorites ( and mine ) .
my grand daughter has to like it not me ... i think it is a durable product because its disney and looks to be made good
got this for an outdoor fairy garden . it works perfect and she is less expensive then actualy fairy garden props . the detail is very nice .
this purchase was a great buy . this car definitely keeps them occupied and helps with their eye and hand coordination .
i thought it was really cute for the price - not my daugher's favorite toy but for the price i think it is a good deal
great toy , people are always asking about these pots and pans , so cute and good quality . mine came packaged fine .
good addition to the castle - simple rope and wire moveable legs is a nice simple and durable solution -
this is so neat in person . the picture doesn't quite do it justice . if i were a kid i would love to have this play money set !
campy gold , nothing beats the b-man as the most campy & entertaining of tv villains " the penguin " quack quack quack
this is a perfect set to go with any of the corolle mon premier babies ! everything is smaller so it matches the mon premier's size .
we love playing this game . the adults enjoy playing as much as the kids . a good game for any age .
legos are a great gift and my grandchildren enjoy them a lot . i bought this as a gift . thanks so much .
looks nice . i purchased this as a gift & it has not been used yet . so i can't really rate it .
much nicer than i thought it would be , really cute and easy to get on and off for a four year old .
this was a present for our friend and her daughter and she loved it . the quality appears to be great and durable .
i gave this to my 9 year old grandson and he loved as did his 4 year old brother . good quality and good price .
i couldn't find this at any party / specialty stores and the price online was great . perfect completion to my 2 yo's sesame st birthday cake !
10 - year old has fun with . it is small , however , a perfect piece for a young girl to enjoy with the lego friends collection .
perfect for a small bedroom and you can add on ! our grandson loves it !
love this my son wanted it so bad ! ! bought for him for his 4th birthday . love love loves it ! so cute i play with it too
bought these for our son's pirate party for all the kids to wear . they had a great time with them . made very well , no problems .
i bought these for a craft project and they were bigger than i expected . they went to the toy bin but everyone likes to play with them .
these are sturdy and just plain rad . my kid is digging em and my fridge is a t rex war zone .
doesn't really do much . our three yr . old likes it so thats all that matters . keeps him entertained and happy .
engaging , encourages hand-eye coordination , fun , entertains for long periods . durable , waterproof , easy to clean .
used these as party favor gifts . kids loved them . not as dangerous affordable . we bought 75 of them and it was a hit .
both of my children enjoyed this product . great bright colors and good quality . better than other ones i've seen made of cardboard that don't hold up .
this toy is a fun learning toy for toddlers . it keeps them busy for quite a while , which is always nice for mom .
my three year old granddaughter loves it for carrying her leappad . she pretends it is her purse . keeps the leappad protected .
my niece and son love these bracelets . they are so fun to decorate and fun to wear . and also durable .
matched it up with abby cadabby costume and it worked perfectly . it makes noise that makes a toddler happy ! durable and cute
this is a very well made engine just like the other wooden trains . there really isn't much else to say about it .
this is a well-constructed ( but not amazing ) guitar for a young child beginning to play . it works well for my daughter .
it works great with the fp little people zoo talkers set . arrived as expected in a timely fashion . one of his favorite toys !
this bottle is going to last a year or more , its huge , my toddler loves to play with bubbles almost everyday , she's extremely happy with gazillion .
this childrens bike is very cool . my son lives it and im sure any other toddler batman fan would love it .
the best price in the marker for this cute little babies . i know my little girl is going to be so happy when she get for christmas !
bought this game also for our grandson and he loves the game and helikes sesame street and we knew he would enjoy this game .
perfect for a 5 year old , not too big and definitely not too small . i can't wait for my son to try this out .
my 3 years old daughter loves it . i played with her and noticed several interesting spelling games . hopefully it will help my toddler on sight word .
grandson liked it initially , but struggled with all the parts and got frustrated . looks cool on paper , but maybe not in practical application .
my 5 year old received these with her nail polishes from christmas . she and i both love these stickers ! they stick very well to nails .
he still hasn't stopped playing with it almost a year later ! great little musical toy good for the car or anywhere !
this note pad is only for the speciality markers that you purchase separately . could probally find it cheaper else where . it was a bit pricey
my grand son loves little cars . fisher-price makes little cars that will go with alot of other toys . he races them against each other
works better than any other we have bought . the kiddos love it . pretty durable and the charge last longer than most that i have seen .
i am a day care provider and bought this for the children in my care . i like it because it is a bit different then the usural .
bought that set for my child's little kitchen ! it is very nice . very good quality , has all the basic food items . we love it !
not like i remembered as a kid , these didn't even stick very well . we sure didn't use this for long .
cute , quality stuffed scotty dog . small size but bigger than a beanie or american girl pet . good fur and structure .
grandchild too young to follow these on the internet . but they are just the right size and fun toys especially for easter ( without candy ) .
purchased this for our 6 year old . tried to play it once . the instructions were too difficult to understand and play . getting rid of it today .
yep , this worked just fine . i bought it for $ 13 and it had $ 20 preloaded on the card . good deal .
i bought this for my grandson as a christma gift . he really liked it . it is true to color and true to size .
a great item that keeps the mobigo contained and safe and has a pouch for the cartridges , i highly recommend getting it for the mobigo .
a typical monster high doll . she is cute and 6 yr old loved it mostly cause it was different from one she has , or has seen
my granddaughter loves this little meerkat with those adorable eyes . nice size and item was sent super fast and packed well too . highly recommend .
the box was smaller than i thought it would be , but the recipient was excited to get started with this . great gift for the science lover !
bought these for my niece and she was super excited ! that means i was super excited ! i'd buy more if she needed !
i lovet it the toad my favorite and my soon too . good experincie whe buy the allot toys for my son .
i am the best auntie ! ! i got this for my nephew for christmas and he loves it .
they have changed and arranged the clothes in so many ways , quite fun to watch them play with the clothes .
as soon as i got this for my daughter ( for her birthday ) the pendent fell off ... she was very upset ... money wasted ! ! !
very good for children , but planets do not light up so you can't see them with the lights out , but i still really enjoyed gifting this toy !
very colorful and the children love playing with these and they are fun to change the flavors around on each cone .
awesome hats . wear out daily . gets a lot of smiles and laughs . excellent quality .
enjoyed tremendously by my granddaughter . she is creative and this product allows her to do just that . well made product .
my granddaughter loved these with her melissa and doug easel . she is enjoying them immensely and is most happy with them .
perfect addition to our grandsons teenage mutant ninja turtles collection . quality product that will last for many years to come
i bought this product for my son and he love it very much.one word to describe the product - awesome !
this item was a gift for my grandson and he loves it . the item arrived on the dated stated and the packaging was great .
title says it all . the birthday girl is 7 years old and is an avidcollector of all monster high items .
a fun counting game that uses addition and subtraction concepts . my grandchild loves to play . we love to play with her .
very sturdy for rough play my grandson loves him and is not to gentle well worth the purchase for young imaginations .
fun for the whole family and very quick game too . great for spatial reasoning . wish it wasn't made in china .
this is a very popular doll for girls and was difficult to find after christmas . i had to get elsa and kristoff too .
great toy for children who like to build and are into animals . it was perfect for my 3 year old son .
i bought this for my son for our long road trip . it was great ! he expanded the fun by adding the cling-stickers to the windows .
my grandson was extremely happy upon receiving this set ; within short time he put it together , easy to follow instructions , pretty sturdy set .
i wish it said boo more often . still very cute . bought it for a 2 year old , she loves it .
i received this game a few days ago and have played it daily since receiving it .
our experience has been - - the younger the mind , the better the set player ! you play and see for yourself ! :)
my son loved this 5 piece mini cat machine set ! ! he was so excited and so far has not broken them .
a cute and fun game for kids and adults ! , enjoyed playing this with my kids ! one of the few quiet games these days ! !
this thor helmet is very well made . this isn't a cheap piece of flimsy plastic .. i am very pleased with this purchase .
it doesn't dry quick enough and pretty small for the second round of doodling so my baby abandoned it very soon.no good for young children .
this was a gift for a friends ' 2 - yr-old . it looked like a good idea ; hopefully the active tot likes it also .
high quality that you come to expect from disney . my three year old daughter loves her !
this product was purchased for 12 month old grandaughter's first birthday . the item arrived in a timely manner , in great shape and our grandaughter loves the gift .
i really love mattel's toys and this is one of my favorite monster high dolls and i have almost all is the dolls .
just one lack : very expencive addition furniture and dolls . my 1 year and 8 month daughter likes it ! absolutely yes .
my husband bought a ton of activity books for our 2 year old and this was absolutely his fav we will def be buying another one :)
i love this set its durable and it withstands silly puppy's that like to chew . i love the colors as well
my daughter loved her birthday cupcakes . i added the rings with some pink and purple sugar sprinkles . the girls loved the rings !
this was bought for my grandson ... what child , especially a boy , doesn't love to pound on things ? ! my daughter said he loves it .
this was a gift for an " adopted family's daughter for the holidays " . i really can't verify anything than it is really cute !
this game is easy to learn and quick to play . the fun is watching your friends bid themselves out of the game !
i didn't think this would be as cute as it was , but it was the perfect decoration to go with my daughter's sesame street party .
as the proud uncle of 2 little girls i am pleased with doc mcstuffins this toy allows them to pretend to be doctors and teaches them how to draw
one the best versions of grimlock i've seen . the only other version i like more is the g 1 or the masterpeace .
i really like the idea of this play food set ... cutting board and knife . most of the food is seperated now but i'll find the pieces ...
two of our granddaughters are " into " magic tricks now so they loved having a real magic wand instead of using a pencil or straw !
this was a great gift for my niece and has added hours of fun . she creates scenes removes stickers and creates more .
this toy is made very durable ! the pieces are easy to attach and detach . it is very cute ! what little girl woudln't like minnie mouse ?
great for non competitive classroom gamekids love it and learn how to enjoy playing a game without the pressure of winning
purchased this for my niece's 2nd birthday and she played with it for hours . i have a 3 and 4 year old who also love these sets .
bought this for my little girl's 3rd birthday and so far so good . she loves it and i love that it doesn't get on anything .
i use this to haul two kids at a time . it's a great little wagon , was easy to assemble , and has lovely quiet wheels .
this was a perfect gift for my niece she is 18 months and loves this toy . i would recommend to anyone .
great doll - the product is mattel - so what else can you say ? these dolls are very popular right now -
made well , the only thing is that you had to listen real well to hear the doll speak . but my little granddaughter loved it anyway .
great little set ! grandaughter loved them ... they are cute and good quality . she enjoyed them very much . she barbqued all weekend
my grandson is an avid lego builder and finally there is something for my granddaughter to do that she can play with her brother
purchased this for my granddaughter and she fell in love with it . well constructed and will last a long time .
this is a must buy for any play kitchen . there are so many utensils and pots for the money . aso the colors are vibrant . great find
this truck is very sturdy and is very realistic ... assembly was a little complicated but it is still being played with ... so good buy
we have two elves , just ordered this as a gift for our new nephew so they can start the tradition at their house !
even tho my kids have more legos than they need this one was very cool my 9 year old put it together in 3 hours i was very impressed
be sure to purchase the lmax leapster so you can have fun with your preschooler on your tv ... recommend highly !
a bit over prices for what you get , but its a nice set and very fun with animals and zoo keeper .
expensive for what it is , but it is well made as you would expect from lego . should sell for $ 2.99
decent purchase considering it comes with 2 outfits , and interchangable pieces to create a doll . our 10 year old thought it was cool .
i really like this toy and my kids as well all 3of them lay on the floor and play with this it's awesome
gorgeous doll ! was a christmas present for my daughter and it was well received . prettier than expected and i got a great deal !
easy for tiny fingers to hold . hard to break great colors ... no paper for kids to peel off the crayons and make a mess either .
we've gotten other lego kits that were more interesting than this one , but the price on this was fair and he enjoyed putting it together .
great family game . we play it with our grandkids . we recommend it for adults and for adults and kids together as well .
my 5 yr old granddaughter had a great time making this with her grandpa and he enjoyed it too . i even helped and it came out great .
my son loves trucks and this had talkers in it , double win . he loves his zoo and this is a great addition to the set .
i like this product because kids can use it without destroying there hearing and parents can have a quiet moment .
my son's first game for his leapster . very fun and very easy for a 4-5 year old to learn and follow .
my granddaughter is going to love this doll . i can't wait to give it to her at christmas . all her toys are babies to her .
nice chess set . very good price . one piece was cracked a little bit , but it doesn't bother me , so i decided to keep it anyway .
they fiit great in my 2.5 year old's hand . they washed up very nice and appear to be long-lasting . glad i purchased .
stanley is a hit with my grandson who is 2 yo . one of his favorites ! he just loves thomas and friends train play sets .
i gave this to a 5 year old girl for christmas and she loves it ! makes me want to buy one for myself . lol
so much fun ! batman can fly . what kid wouldn't want to play with this ?
it holds a lot more books than our old one and i like the green because i have a boy and girl
got this for my 8 month old . she likes eating it . when she happens to hit a button , she laughs . good buy .
my 2.5 yr old son loves this truck ! it's even survived a few tantrum throws . love that it came with batteries ! great price too !
i love melissa and doug puzzles and this was a great deal . i highly recommend it . it will be a gift for my son's birthday .
i love this guy he is so cute and love his song the little bird sings along . it fit perfect in the disney bed room .
love the ' s ' clips ... would definately recommend them over the ' c ' clips . they seem to hold the bands tighter and better .
my son loves this it is great for the price we payed for it ! and was very easy to assemble !
i bought this toy for a disabled boy . it not only makes noise but can keep a child's interest since the beads in the toy also moves .
these rings were cute as ' loot " for my son's pirate party . many came in the package and only few lost their stones .
this paper is big enough for the kids to make big pictures as my granddaughter puts it , she loves it and so do i
this is a wonderful addition to your collection of loving family toys . it is fun and great . my grand kids love it .
i just bought this at target for 9.99 + tax . it fits well , looks nice and does its job fine .
my daughter just opened this and she loves it ! great little stuffed animal for all boo lovers . cute and compact , just like boo .
an excellent model ! a must have for any model building star trek fan .
this is to fun and easy to use . helping my grandson learn to walk much faster . love everything about this toy
educational and can hold my 2.5 year old's attention for 20 minutes ! he likes the patterns and chooses a different one to do each time .
the 5 star rating says " i " love it but really my grandson does . this is by far the best of the imaginext play structures .
well made , slick , tons of words , and hold up to sticky hands and rough usage . they don't bend as easily as index cards . recommend .
as pictured . dress prettier in person . beautiful doll.only disappointment is that the right eye is a bit droopy and not sure how to fix .
bought this for our five year old and was pleasantly surprised at how much fun it is for the whole family . so glad we got this game !
grandkids had trouble keeping the marshmallows hard enough to shoot ! kept getting stuck in the shooter ! not a good idea to use below 50 degrees !
my daughter loves little people toys and she also loves to play with cars so this was a match made in heaven !
he is like the movie version so that is a plus . easy to transform . i however like his beast mode best . i still recommend him .
i bought this for a k teacher . she said it was such a god send . the prices was good , and it arrived on time .
this maze is meant to make the mind work and help with hand / eye coordination . it does a great job .
so cute bought this for my great niece . she fell in love with it . it does tricks
it was a lot more smaller than i thought but still really cute . i love the tin that it comes in
my grandaughter loved it and in this world now of new gadgets and gizmos ... this leap frog surpasses all other gadgets
the 3d mirage is produced very well , especially on small things such as coins . even the frog go with the mirascope is too big .
it's the christmas gift for the kids so , i did not give it to them yet but i love this for myself . it is well made .
well constructed toy from disney . strong stitching and looks a lot like the character from the movie . perfect size to compliment woody
packaging was great and looks very exciting . this will probably be my 4 year old son's favorite toy this christmas
my son says this is a stamina blade , and he loves it . he changes it in several configurations , and still loves it ... i recommend !
i bought this for my grandson . it's great . it protects his leapster , because he takes his leapster everywhere.anything made by leapfrog is wonderful !
my 7 year old and 2 year old love it but its only been 5 days and the ladder doesn't stand very well
this planes toy is very cute with lots of verbal interaction and physical activityfor your child.the only negative thing about it is the antenna is fragile .
this figure looks nice and pretty accurate to his comic self . although he was an evil bastard i am glad to own this figure .
love it ... recommend to buy over budget fashion pack all day ... recommend that you buy this pack ... the shoes are different and very cute
simple well constructed and fun for my granddaughter when she grows a wee bit older . fits perfectly with her new babydoll from the same line .
very bright and great quality glow sticks . they come with strings to use for necklaces but i am unsure why .
i loved this game when i was young and was very happy when i saw it on amazon . it is simple and fun for the family .
my 3 year old enjoys this water table and he likes the little slide , he loves filling up the top bucket . very durable , g reat size
i like it so far . i will know once christmas gets here and see how interested in playing with it he is .
bought these as a bday gift for a three year old . she loved them and put them on immediately . im glad i got them
these are great for any backyardigans fans . they look a little odd in person , but are overall very good stuffed representations of the cartoon .
we bought these for party favors and tied balloons to the handle . it was perfect and added color to the party . the favor table looked great .
i bought this for my grandchildren's playroom . the older girls enjoy playing with their monster high dolls and giving them a ride .
best doll ever ! ! ! i enjoy it and play with it frequently . very cute shoes and dress and everything ! ! ! also best print dress !
the most amazing thing i have ever bought in my life ! ! i have him sitting on top of my lamp post . he is sooooooooo awesome !
this is exactly what it looks like . my son asked for a big lego guy so this is what he got ! good quality as usual with lego .
the look good and they are fun . there is a different image on the back so you can pick and choose which you want to use .
my four-year-old grandson loves these transformers especially the ones that convert to cars ! this is his second car transformer and he loves them both .
fast shipping , availability was good , price was like everyone else's . i have bought one of these every year for the past 23 years !
i really like the glow in the dark ones , im going to use these when i go camping at night so i can see where everyone is ! !
my grandson loves this . it's kid tough . it takes great photos and video . superb product that performs just as advertised .
the kids like dora and then they can play their favorite character on their new tablets .. hours of fun and learning everytime
it is very funny , my baby loves it very much . he likes touch and play the bowel in the center .
bought for a six month old . tastes good i am sure . cute individual cars and certain to be a hit as he grows into it !
american girl dolls and accessories make a great gift for the imagination of little girls everywhere . my granddaughter loves it .
these cars are the perfect size for toddler hands , and it's great for teaching them about pullback physics . i would definitely buy again .
my son loves this and is easy to understand for him.the board pieces are kind of small , but ok for age 4i had fun with the play money !
i love how big these are for little hands ! i never buy crayons unless they're crayola . these crayons will not disappoint !
this is a great first lego set . the farm pieces are easy to build and the farmer , animals and trackter keep the play going .
i am in the coast guard and wanted to give my son his own cutter . he already has the helicopter and this helps complete the set .
excellent haba quality . made in germany . great for pretend snacks and baking . large piece so not a choking hazard for the little ones .
this thing is great it really does the job my youngest plays with it and it is perfect for him never gets jammed and has a great distance
the product is great . the wires are not as long as the stock battery for the mjc-f 45 , but i do like the power .
this lego set provides for hours of entertainment.it has just enough pieces to make it challenging but nopot overwhelming.my granddaughters play with it every day .
our almost 5 year old has all the teenage mutant ninja turtle characters and the brown vehichle , he plays for hours with all of them .
since this was a present , i really don't know the durability . i was surprised it was much cuter than i had expected .
i got this for my grandson who is obsessed with dinasaurs . he loved watching it " hatch " . great little birthday gift !
just the sight of my granddaughters ' eyes was all i needed . the twins played with this for hours on christmas and yesterday !
sturdy and nice looking wooden highchair . have had it for at least 2 years . i accommodates many doll sizes and even some stuffed animals .
these paintbrushes are perfect for the price & perfect for a 3 year old . works great with the crayola washable kid's paint !
my kids spent hours playing with several items from this collection . they are very durable toys and a must have for the beach .
very colorful and fun . i ran out of places to hang these before i could hang them all . my daughter loved them .
nice quality and fit real well . it was a gift and was well received . it is hard to say much more about it .
excellent presentation , packaging . also as collector's item , highly detailed and adequate size . i recommend it for collectors of transformers generation .
my daycare one year old loves this toy . the music really excites her . i am so glad i bought this toy !
always wanting to " help " her mother clean , this vacuum cleaner looks like the real thing . it was a hit at christmas !
we love all the dolls in disney princess collection and my daughter loved this doll . quality and shipping was fast no complaints ! would definitely buy again .
i love the loom , took a little bit to figure out , but my 10 year old daughter stays busy for hours making different things . love it !
this toy brings joy to my grandaughter , but not her mama , its loud , but funny to watch her playing with it .
very sturdily built and nicely constructed wooden carrier with different model cars ! great fun and works well with other pieces in the melissa & doug selections ...
great colors , easy to grasp , i like that its one piece and not a million chipping crayons in the tub .
i love these and so does my 2yr old . i wish they would make a bigger set with more animals
brought this game for my 7 year old who got a leap frog for christmas . she found the game easy to use and enjoys playing it .
item is great and child loves it . i just have not figured out how to open and close necklace clasp .
love these dolls ! cute little , well made , distinct featured figures . love their names and animal companions ! my granddaughter plays with them often .
my grand daughter loved it.it become part of her collection.she enjoys it very much.it come to her in good shape
he's not the prettiest dragon , nor the ugliest , but i felt like he needed to be included to balance my collection .
i don't know why i keep ordering this stuff . they are poor quality and contact with water should not ruin a pool toy .
who doesn't like monsters inc ? and of course a video game based on it is just icing on the cake ! grandkids enjoy it very much .
i got his for my 3 yr old niece for christmas . beautiful doll and she sings ! ! i'm sure she will love it ! !
i would not hesitate to recommend this cool collection of leap-pad 2 apps for your child's leap pad 2 . it's a good mixture of entertainment and learning tools .
a neat toy for a four year old and the older brothers loved it also . it looks like good quality and was user friendly !
grandkids are enjoying the melissa & doug pizza party . in fact , last night my little chef created a pizza for me .
baby alive goes everywhere with my daughter she loves her . the doll is a bit messy but overall good doll
i like the magic clip dresses and it's really neat to have the mom fit inside the bear . nice accessories .
our three year old loves to color and draw and this was perfect for her , plus it cost 1/2 as much at amazon as it cost elsewhere !
soft ! fluffy ! adorable ! amazing ! a must have ! two thumbs up ! omg her eyes are so lovely ! you'd better order her right now !
i knew this product would help my young grandson gain a stronger grip with his utensils and strength his overall fine motor ability .
awesome ! been using for 3 months now harshly , and has not sprung a leak yet
our grandchildren live far away . they love little people and these will remind them of us .
i hightly recomment these for kids of all ages . my nieces even have me making the breacelets with them . great
i bought this and a few other sets for my nephews to play together as a christmas gift and they really enjoyed them !
this is a great tool for learning to read ! it's really helped my defiant 4 year old practice reading ( without knowing he's doing something good ) .
my girls like it because it plays music and bops around , but it does get annoying and they get bored with it pretty quick .
my grandson loves minions so he was delighted when he opened this package for his birthday . i just wish it contained more than 2 pods .
i have made so many pieces of jewelry that i am always running out ! i wish they made bigger bags !
very cute and fun game for my six year old . feels a little flimsy but i would still recommend it .
very cool product . realistic animals . who family plays together with these.emerging writers can tell you stories and write about them if older . excellent imagination tool .
easy for my almost 7 year old to assemble in no time ! he loved the tow truck and flat bed .
very nice was what was described when we got it that is great because she was wanting a variety of items
this game is so fun , we played all through christmas break with ages from grandmothers , mothers , teenagers and younger kids and we all loved it .
these are not the highest quality toys but for the price they were beyond my expectation . i would highly recommend
they seemed flimsy , but my 18 month old happens to like them . they are kind of pricey for the quality .
love the big helicopters but if i crash i can repair it .. and now i found one thats 47 inches long .. cant wait to see it fly
my helo was suffering form the toilet bowl affect . i replaced all the rotor components and the helo flies like a champ .
probably great for a child not so much for an adult w / adhd . it did not stay around long and it became the dog / cat bruch
works great on our wooden track . runs smoothly and without issue . magnet holds cars quite well . grandson loves it and plays with it all the time .
this is a fun family card game . we like rummy though and this is similar but different enough to break things up a bit .
its cute , everything fits in it . the velcro is strong and holds shut . three year old can open and close it safely .
disney little people wheelies really help children explore their creativity and imagination . for a child who loves racing it also helps bring racing to life .
i purchased this set for my 20 month old . the set is very nice quality , and the wooden boxes are great for keeping her play kitchen organized .
i wanted a quality little tea set for my very imaginative toddle granddaughter . this little tin set looked cute with her new kitchen her parents built for her .
this case feels like a good toy but is not is just for display on store . i don't know why it appeared on toys .
i gotta love the fact that these don't show up , but they are a bit hard to actually paint with and make the colors show up .
my son loves it , the silly sound and the music can attract his attention . i loves it too , i often play it with my baby together .
these are so much fun ! my son wants to take them in the snow this winter - why not - right ?
i got this to go with a kitchen set for my son . all of the items were a bit overwhelming , but i liked the variety .
horrible . cars don't race down , they stumble along slowly , stopping at every turn . maybe i need to grease up the track . ridiculous !
my daughters loved this toy and it came with lots of fun parts to change in and out on the potato head . good fun .
this is really loved at our house . my grandson is always " building something " or " working on something " . got it at a good price .
good quality for the price not used the yet so this is all i can say for now check later
ohh ! webkins are so neat i can't wait to get even more next year for the company picnic . they are such a nice product .
my daughter and her friends love these . they are cute & arrived on time.my only complaint was that they were a little large for kids ears .
my son is 2 1/2 and still loves just playing with the sample book . there's a lot to do without even clicking on the words to read .
the doctor set is of good quality marterial and it says may be small parts but i found all parts are of ok size not so small .
highly recommend this product . lots of fun , very durable and adjustable height of hoop is useful as kids grow - in stature and skills !
cute and nicely made . our granddaughter loved it . she loves to get her the bottle . comes with a book this was super .
this cement mixer is awesome . looks really nice and is pretty beefy . loved putting it together and goes well with my other lego trucks
my pack was missing parts.hopefully i can get this resolved.big dissappointment for my child .
i got these for my kids they are a great size for little hands . it says toy but i let my kids use them for baking with me .
this was purchased for my 12 year old grand nephew . hope he likes it and plays with the marbles , like i did when a child .
so cute for little tots to enjoy . well made and edges are soft . i have always counted on fisher-price for quality .
opened it and my nieces and nephews ( ages 2-6 years old ) had hours of fun ! great quality product ... love it
and this is perfect for the price and time it arrived in ! also , makes a great addition to the disney princess collection my girls have !
awesome my little nephew loved it and he is a hard sell to find a thing he likes to play with
this is such a fun toy . your children will really have lots of good times with diggity dog . refreshing to be non-electronic ... highly recommended . dame hilda
10 year old granddaughter will like this to add to her collection i am sure , as we are starting lego friends at grandma house this year
very cute and works well - my granddaughter enjoyed these - nice that two come in the packet and battery is included .
such a sweet little bag for the smaller 14 " dolls . my granddaughter is enjoying this bag . she loves it , too .
cute , just right for american girl doll and sister battat dolls . great addition to my girls doll dress up collection .
work great with the rainbow loom we got our niece as a gift . her smile told us all we needed to know .
my kids love this . it's a great idea for when they have to sit in waiting rooms or go on car trips .
my 9 year old grandson asked for this . it is well made , and will keep his hands from freezing in the snow .
the pen caps don't screw on tightly on either pen in the set so the water leaks out . every time .
i really liked this because it has mr . smee . it would be nice if it also had bones and the other pirate .
our little nate was sick with a cold , this elmo was the perfect gift ! ! he loved it ! ! it snizzes too ! !
this has provided hours of artful entertainment for the little kids in my life . creative , fun , fine hand coordination skills .
very disappointing . cars don't stay charged enough to make it all the way around the track . very sad little boy ! ! this had to be returned .
i purchased two of these for my son and nephew . hand down their favorite new game ! i highly recommend this game !
the ball is smaller than i thought but that's my fault . it's nice and soft and my granddaughter seems to like it so that's all that matters ! !
fun toy . basic and easy for my 13 mo old to play with . my 3 year old also loves it
my grandson played with it for 5 days straightquite a recommendationi am encouraged to try more disney products
the price was right on time .. toys r us had this item for 39.99 .. this will be a great christmas present ..
that is what my grandson said . how can i improve on that ! ! ! a seven-year-old knows what he is talking about ! ! !
my daughter loves the flashing lights & sounds this makes . she's now less afraid when i run the real vacuum .
purchased this for our oldest on her birthday , however , it quickly became a smash with all the ladies in the family . absolutely love the nail drier !
this is a great little lego organizer . we organized all my kids legos per color per drawer , this is a great little storage space .
bought as a birthday gift . the little girl loved it . i gave her a shopping cart to go with her food .
as with the rest of the expansions , it provides hours of entertainment and plenty of replay value . wish they came out more often !
very pretty shoes . gold thread mesh on pink is very fancy and looks nice on dolls , fit well . very happy with purchase .
im so glad i bought this one used ! ! it was cheep and a great set ! ! i really needed more troops ! !
it was a gift well appreciated by my grandchild . so far , i haven't heard any complaints and the price was great at the time of purchase .
good puzzle , fairly easy , and fun . lots of visual interest . four stars because a few of the pieces were slightly separated from the background .
although this item does not have all that are included in the stock photo shown . it is still a great product .
i used these in goody bags for a tye dye themed birthday party and they were a big hit by all the kids
small but work well . they glow brightly and look cute . they are just what my daughter wanted in her room so i am pleased with them .
these glasses were the right size for my 9yo daughter . they were inexpensive and worth the price we paid . they work !
my daughter asked for this . loves it . wants all the minecraft plush toys . makes some herself that haven't been made yet .
used for my daughters first birthday cake , and they were perfect . especially with the bath buddies landscape pieces.yo gabba bath buddies ( 21 count )
another great one for frankie . she is amazing ! ! ! i love all her outfits but she looks so cute here . it makes it even better .
i had one as a child . one to share with my 2 brothers . it was so fun . i was always glad when it was my turn :o)
whole family liked these plastic embossed cards , colorful with great characters on them , ages 8 and up will enjoy this
yes would recommend . this was the first gift out of the box . she has played with this just about everyday . purchase it on sale !
my 4yo daughter loves the star wars jedi math along with the batman game as her two favorite leapster games . lucky leapster kids !
this isn't my boys ' favorite , but good quality toy still . also--the measurements are the box measurements , not actual toy measurements .
they are not full size ducky but i still liked them , just know they are small and will not foat
lots of fun , easy to put together , great to collect . a little on the small side , but still a great little model .
this was one of the best items we purchased for the holidays . inexpensive and full of imagination - driving fun . perfect for 4-99 year olds !
cute small set of legos for the grandsons . they are having a great time putting them together and playing with the little figures .
my son loves science and this was a fun set to play with ... not many experiements , but good for the price .
i bought these for giftbags for my sons birthday party along with several other items . these were the definate favorite of most of the kids .
but it was difficult to put on the leap pad . it didn't fit exactly and my grandson pealed it off .
the dog itself is great . however , it tends to " talk " on its own . it's creepy and annoying . i'm not a fan .
we just love these little people disney characters . with a little imagination your child will be soaring thru the air on a magic carpet !
this is a nice child's toy . it makes good noise and is tuned well . i highly recommend it as a toy .
these are adorable cars and seem good quality . the little guy loved them when he got them out of his stocking .
i bought the richard scarry busy town game last christmas , it is fun and entertaining for kids , all siblings play the game .
the quality of the product is very good and i used them as a return favors for my son's pirate birthday party and definatley satisfy with my purchase
great condition , packaging was perfect , very fun activity to do with my child ! good toy to help with small motor skills
excellent educational toy and learning tool . bought for my 6 year old granddaughter . teaches and entertains . additional game cartridges available .
cute little scottish outfit , perfect for american girl doll to wear to school . very well made and easy for the girls to put on the doll .
boots seem to be well made and my granddaughter loved them . they went on immediately and never came off as long as i was there .
very cute . my daughter loves that the lids come off . i do wonder about durability however , but for the price will give her hours of play .
too over rated and too expensive and too time consuming to play . i would not recommend this game to anyone .
boys like lalaloopsys too ! this " pirate " is very cute and his parrot friend completes the set . keep them coming , mga
it's more beatiful than i expected . it looks better than in the photo . a lovely monster for my daughter's birthday ! ! ! lovely dresses ! ! !
a little too difficult for my 8 month old to use . she likes when the wheel spins , probably best for the older age range .
a great prop for teaching both team work / cooperation and about circuits and electricity . i would recommend ages 3 +
i was looking for something my granddaughter can carry her american doll in . was very please withthe case and bedding .
my 4 year old son does well with it . easy enough for him to make . i would buy it again .
brother loved it . a bit smaller than i thought but its still a nice toy . no small parts so he wont lose them .
i have two kids 4 and 5 and they both like to this product . i will be buying more of these in the future .
this is a great item , and i bought it to go around my sons 2 yo cake ... mickey mouse themed . i wish there was more track .
i am a huge fan of battat toys and this has been a nice addition for our family . my daughter constantly plays with this .
it is what it appears to be . we'll have to see how they hold up . cheap but you get a lot of them .
they are really nice shoes that fit the american doll . my granddaughter will love these shoes for her american doll .
our grandson is going to love this and it will grow with him and it comes with the little basketball
a very colorful hands on tool to help our little one learn about numbers . a typical melissa and doug product that should last for years .
purchased this for my one year old son he loves it . its just his size and it comes with some fake grill food that he loves .
i purchased 4 for my older grandchildren . all of them loved them and bring their little birds everywhere they go . they are cute
bought for christmas present . daughter loves in store but really has no interest since . it really is beautiful though . next toy i guess ...
this is cute and i like it far better than the wooden m & d sets that seem to chip and fall apart .
this puzzle is easy for my 1 year old to play with , and i love that the magnets keep it together when he carries it around the house .
flimsy and difficult for me to perform . feather / flower kept getting stuck in the wand and the magnet was not strong enough ...
i got this for my granddaughter so she would have another outfit for her dolls . its cute and a good price .
my little guys first golf club set ! we looked all over for the perfect first golf clubs , then i found this one . very sweet and simple .
this is a simple game and surprizeingly how good the younger children are in spotting the same figure . entire family can play this game .
a very well made toy and my grandson loves it . i know it will last a long time and i see him enjoying hours of fun with it .
it's so cute ! it took two people to put it together but once it's assembled , it's solid ! love this toy !
this is exactly what i was looking for . my 18 month old grandson loves it ! ! easy to put together . sand not included
these were really cute for my daughter's safari-themed party . we had kids wear them for the photo-op at the end of the party . big hit !
i bought this as a birthday present for my daughter who just loves everything my little pony . she plays with this a ton
love this baby doll for our granddaughter . just the right size and love that you can throw her in the washer !
love love love this toy buy it for my nephew christmas he love it a lot me and he is already saying his abcs great product
this game is amazing ! i really like it and all the expansions that come with it . this is a great family game too .
only con ( reason for 4 star rating ) is that this top could be a bit bigger , but it functions well .
this is a fantastic toy for any backyardigan fans . little kids who like the backyardigans will love this cuddly little lady .
this was a great purchase , my children can open it , it is strong and protects the leap pad very well . holds lots of game cartridges .
all the perfumes except for the peppermint smell the same . they need to add some variety to the scents you can create .
overall , i'm happy with this purchase . the boats seem well made and we like the drying bag them come with .
my 4 year old daughter enjoys playing this game . the pieces are small so i am diligent about keeping track of the pieces
bought outfits for ken but then couldn't find the doll so now we have the full meal deal when the grandkids come to play .
i love these dolls . they are so delicate and the sweet . i would recommend them highly to anyone who loves dolls .
my grandson enjoys this little school bus and the songs it plays . although it doesn't hold his attention for more than 5 minutes .
has anyone else noticed that this is simply green lantern's place using different colors ? ? ? this is small , not much room for figures to play .
i love this doll ! it looks as much like emmett as a doll could look . i am intending to purchase the rest of the cullen family .
my 3 year old son loves all the melissa & doug floor puzzles . this one is huge and is of very high quality .
these are excellent , they fit perfectly well and allow for many adventures and accidents to happen ... which kids just love . great product .
my little angel loves this she sleeps with it every night , a must buy . lights up the room in a bunch of colours .
this puzzle teaches colors , shades and animals . great for little hands to hold on to the puzzle pieces and to fit the piece into the correct place .
not as good as i expected the screws were not the right size . i am not happy with it as
i used these as decorations on my daughter's birthday cake . they worked out great and she loves to play with them !
we put thid up in the backyard and the kids love it . my husband did purchase a tool to get the line taut enough .
cute and fun for kids , but watch out for all the teeny tiny pieces ... some were so small that my granddaughter lost some in the carpeting .
great quality puzzle and sounds works great too , even after years of use . i would definitely recommend melissa & doug's puzzles .
beautiful earings and a steal at the price .. i wish now i had bought more at that price they had
i bought this for my local library children's program and they are very happy with it . it was on their wish list .
i can't wait to give it to my son for christmas . we bought the shellraiser . lots of fun ... he watches the teenage turtles everyday .
fun and easy for some and challeging for the rest like me ! very cool and will last generations if respected
grandson has almost all of the castle items , he loves it all . very cool idea , and really detail oriented . awesome !
my nephew , who is 3 , really liked this toy . when he learned to transform it , he did not want to put it down .
its great . my 8 minths old loges it ! there is so many ways to play with it or even just make a noise !
ok the game mechanics are not the best but i keep playing this . it is just a fun game . big hit with everyone i play it with
given as a birthday gift to my son.my son is very fond of . i am also happy to buy the cheaper.forward to more good stuff .
love the suds and hugs pups playset . it is stinking adorable and kids can act out a business . love barbie things !
the kids think this is just the best ! ! they pretend with it , just like they are in the minecraft world ! ! !
they made nice little favors , but were a tad big for toddlers , they tend to roll up or fall off .
after reading the great reviews , i purchased these for my 1 year old . he was never interested in them . what can i say ?
this is some quality stuff . the color is nice and it doesn't seem to bleed or leave any major colors on the hands .
it seems to be exactly what i expected , nothing too fancy , but something that makes noise and the 3 yr old will love it !
purchased this for our grandaughter and she loves it . i tenables her to keep her leapster & programs together on trips .
we love our clara doll . the clothes are adorable and easy for little fingers to get off and on . she does have quite the head of hair !
granddaughter liked the toy adorable looked exactly like what was on tv soft vibrant colors early delivery well made molly was bought too .
this is a great toy ! my grandson wanted it for christmas and was very excited to get it . works great and he plays with it for hours .
it was another hit for my 11 year old , lego lover ! ! i would absolutely recommend this to other parents looking for a gift for their son .
this makes for hours and hours of fun for all ! bright colors to stimulate interest . no sharp edges , makes balance fun .
great kit , nice easy instructions , planes fly pretty well too . i would recommend this for your child . hh hh hh
this game is a great co-op game to get started with . it is simple and to the point so you don't have to worry about too many rules .
my 4 year old daughter really likes this game . its fun , full of learning and it keeps her focused while she is learning .
this is a really easy way of playing memory and matching games with a young child . my 3 year old got the hang of it immediately .
we purchased the angry birds " knock on wood " and could not wait till this came available . its is truly fun for the kids and adults alike .
a good coloring book with simple pictures for younger ones to practice coloring in the lines .
my daughters love american girls doll and all the accessories so of course this was a hit at our house .
the girls love this doll . the price was unbelievable . even though it was ordered just a couple days before christmas , it still arrived before .
beautiful stylish doll ! love her outfit ! she is lovely ! i have quite a collection of monster high dolls ! love the shoes and style !
nice , well arranged on a wooden slab that is also a good place to store the thing.made from wood and very durable .
my kids love this toy , but it is a chore to pick it all up . perfect for a single child .
this is perfect for a young grandson ... a bit of a challenge , but something he can do by himself ... and he loves disney cars !
the stick is plastic which was great when he was really little . we enjoy banging on it even though it gives me a headache .
this one seemed to be the hit with the hexbug nano bots ... we have since seen a larger version that may be even better
this was bought to be a christmas present this year and i've caught myself playing with it already . makes noises and is wrapped in a plastic when delivered .
cheap toy for the entertainment that it provides ! my son is 19 months and he can use this toy . it is great for toddlers acquiring dexterity !
hard to imagine toys being this sophisticated today ... kids just love the movements and likeness of the little bugger , very amsusing , hard not to like it
i bought the green one last year , i don't believe i see nothing new . great copter to fly tho and control .
my daughter , 7 yrs old , was absolutely ecstatic to receive this . very pretty and has been durable with her constant playing .
my daughter was thrilled with this . she loves monster high and now has most of the dolls and accessories . great item ! !
bought this for my grandson and he really enjoyed it - a big smile . will provide a lot of fun for him
the netted sleeves catch on the dolls fingers when you try to put it on.otherwise a cute outfit for abbey .
they were a little pricey for the product , but the kids liked them so that was the most important factor !
hilarious . get it . don't think about it , just get it . you need it in your deck .
it has the best stamina ever i beat all my friends it even has a good launcher that also helped
some of the animals sound the same , so it is not as valuable as i had hoped for teaching the animal sounds to my son .
the pictures underneath the pieces dont match , so this puzzle is a little more difficlut than others . its still educational for a toddler though
great toy to learn the value of money . or at least the existance of money other then eating or chewing on coins it goes in the pigs belly .
my two year old loves this sticker pad . there is a big variety of animals . i love that the stickers are reusable and durable .
a 5 for tehy r well worth the money and my baby grands look on x-mas morning priceless to me forever
this stuff is great and always worth the money . this is really 5 toys in one . easy to work and sturdy .
the doll itself is really cute but the stand and position of the tail really sucked , especially because i love to display my girls .
used this for my daughter's sesame street themed birthday party , and the kids loved comparing their rings.good product for a good price .
very cute and girly ! fits the rebelle perfectly . fast shipping , great price and is a must if you are ordering the rebelle .
cool little kids kitchen set . love the little cupcakes . is very cute for little kids . holds together well with screws alittle hard to build .
i purchased this product for less than $ 10 . my son is one and a half and he loves it . it's very soft .
good set that comes with three really cool mini-figs and an awesome bat chopper . a must have for any batman fan
my 4 year old granddaughter loves to change her dolls clothes . she was so glad to get a new supply .
these rolls make it easy to rip off and begin again . however deciding where to keep all the artwork is a different problem . : - )
too young for a 10 yr old even tho ' 10 yr . old boys especially like angry birds , way too easy for their age
cookie monster always cute but doesn't really say any phrases like supergrover . wouldn't buy it again not worth the price .
i ordered this for my grandson for christmas ! he was so happy to get it ... and so were his mommy and daddy ! ! !
my little sister loves justin bieber , she puts all kinds of stuff in her new bag and carries it around .
safe and easy to carry and open case . fits the leapster just right and holds enough games for hours of entertainment . good price for product . good choice
i taught the grand kids the art of water balloon wars and now it just keeps getting to keep up with the kids this helps
my grandson has a lot of fun with this . he loves lego's and enjoys putting this together . i got him this for christmas .
we bought this for my 2 year old daughter and she loves playing it . would recommend it for other kids .
my 3 1/2 year old son and 6 year old daughter love it . i think its a great alternative to watching tv !
a gift to grandson , is an awesome item , the whole set is incredible . boys have a ton of fun with it .
seeing that my grand-baby has taken on a love for spider man i think he's going to love this christmas gift !
we have loved these melissa & doug puzzles . the quality is fantastic ! our 3 year old grand son loves puzzles very much . this is perfect .
granddaughter loved hers and carries all kinds of things around in it . would recommend to a friend or anyone else .
purchased for our 7 yr old granddaughter . having lots of fun creating her fairy garden . loves painting the dinks and watching them shrink . hours of fun !
only makes noise . falls apart every time my son tries to make it walk . not worth the money at all .
can be used with other disney toys . grand-daughter plays with princess fashion pack with this castle . she intermixes lots of characters .
yes , this is exactly what my newphew wanted ! ! only toy he played with xmas morning . would recommend to anyone .
i bought these for my daughters birthday and they were a big success . all of the kids wanted to take one home !
this product was about $ 10 more expensive at all the local stores and it did not take long to come in the mail
great giifts for kids . they are soft and cuddly . also they are small enought to take with you and not take up alot of room
it's bigger and blacker and it fits all my cards . the box cards that come with it are also cool .
it's okay and my baby plays with them.but it doesn't make the funny squeeky noises that i was looking for .
grandaughter loves it . spends hours desinging various outfits and styles . especiall nice for indoor winter activities.reccomend for all kids . nice as gift .
great addition to my sons star wars bed pillows . can be held , cuddled , played with or just looks cute on the bed .
this was a perfect gift for my daughter and i love that it is fun and educational all in one she especially loved the book that came with it .
my son loves this toy . it is easier to deal with than the lego versions for younger children ( under 7 or 8) .
they are fun for a second but become dis-formed pretty quickly and easy , but they are cheap and worth the few bucks
another excellent melissa & doug product ! these pots & pans are great , study & fun for my 2 yr old to play with !
great xmas present for the kid that likes electronics and a thinker . my nephwe loved it . arrived within the week . and worked well .
love the life in the dreamhouse dolls , my daughter has all but ken . she adores them . each doll comes with a second outfit .
the boys love these legos . i got this one for the 7 year old , and the three year old got a similar one . both love them !
my six year old grandson loves it . a great family game for different ages . the stratagies will be a continuous learning process for him .
my 2 year old loves this puzzle . pieces are sturdy and fit together easily for a little one , love melissa and doug toys .
niece 5 year olds , loved these shoes they went great with the outfit i had made for the american girl doll .
my daugter really like these ! very cute bots ! i would recommend this product . goes well with the american doll . easy to put on
this is a great filler game for when you have 15 minutes until someone arrives . just enough strategy to keep from being boring .
install was a breeze , my son and my daughter who are 2 years apart love to take a swing in there .
this is great for kids . while my child is too young to really grasp the concept yet , this will be great in the years to come !
the pieces were so small that it was hard to identified the items . returned the same day i got it .
my daughter got this stuffed kitten as a gift and it's so soft and cute that we now bought one for someone else !
i love this parachute ! it's a great size for toddlers to play with , the children enjoy it a lot ! great activity !
i was just looking for some ken dolls for my daughter . this is just what i expected . it was very inexpensive .
this is actually quite large and well done for a stuffed toy . lots of detail and my granddaughter will love that it is very colorful ! great purchase .
he loves legos and these were cheaper here than at target . he loved it , and now my son wants one as well !
beautiful new character addition to the monster high line get her while she's cheap . nice doll for collectors and children alike .
he loves this game . challenging . game keeps his interest . he plays for about 30 to 45 minutes at a time before he needs to run around .
kids just love this toy . they can play all day with it ! also this toy is very durable.this toy is a must !
excellent dinosaur . it is very well done and the lower jaw moves with a very sturdy joint mechanism . realistic and my grandson was thrilled with it .
granddaughter is 3 and loves pressing the centre dome ... similar to the popamatic trouble game we had in the family for yours .
my son loves science , and he really liked this putty . it's a really cool gift for really cool kids who like science .
when they want to build things their way this is needed so they can think big ... will buy more
my grandson ethan love his car monopoly game , he got it for the christmas holiday and his mommy and daddy play this game with him over the weekends .
this was a big hit . my grandson absolutely loves squeezing it and making its ears , nose and eye bug out .
cheap before christmas ! goes well with little people house or castle or any of the playsets . could also be used in water table !
bought to use for grandson's birthday cake . very cute and easy to assemble and use . he loves the minion characters .
the perfect toy for little ones , they love to hear the music they create . easy to pull around the house too ...
toby works well on track and light is so cute as it goes through the tunnel . great addition to the set !
a great addition to the train set . easy to play with . our little one is 2 years old and loves this !
love it , like all of our imaginext ! great quality and tons of fun for my 3 & 5 year old .
its little smaller than i expect but looks so cute and my kid love to play with it . fun and good toy .
i got this for my 3 yr old grandson . he loves playing it.lauren 30 " student guitar - nylon strings
melissa & doug 20 animal magnets in a box is very good . very good price and quality and very cute .
this is an x-mas gift for my son . so , it is not opened yet . it does seem to be a decent quality puzzle set .
such a cute toy . this was purchased for my two yr old daughter . she loves it . and enjoys putting the clothes on the minnie doll .
we have the uppercase letters board and the free form . all ages enjoy it . great quality and hours of use .
older kids can pull the younger ones and all the in flight material stows handily . tie dye is a wonderufl thing .
my kids have lots of games , and this isn't one they pull from the pile to play very often . it's okay .
my 2 yr old loves this . it is loud but i don't mind unless i'm trying to talk to someone :) he loves pushing it around .
it's more cards against humanity , you know what you're getting into if you found this game . so just buy it .
traditional game with clear pictures of each room . i wish there was a version of the game that didn't have to do with murder .
no matter how careful you are , these things dissappear into thin air . green discs to play in the grass , who thought that one up ?
my 8 year old son loves this lego set it has added a essential piece to his ever growing city .
lego technic mini container truck #8056 is a perfect gift for a 12 yr old . it kept him busy for awhile .
my grandsons like this game , especially my 6 year old grandson . he pulls this game out quite often when we have the leapster out .
daughter loves this pillow pet , she sleeps with it every night , go with her on sleep overs , soft and cuddly
doll came as described in the box . i plan on letting my granddaughters play with her only on christmas every year . something to look forward to !
this little dino looks as if he could live today . i really like the color pattern on his back and sail .
why yes , it is a lot of noise . and a great physics lesson . niece and nephew loved it . their cats : not fans .
my grandaughter likes the game very much and plays it quite often . she stays intertained for her aloted " gaming time " without a peep .
our grand daughter loved it . it came in time for the party and i partially assembled it , and it was a hit .
kids love to help cook and these kid size sturdy tools help them help . also aids in math learning ...
i bought this for my niece for christmas . she and my daughter seemed to really enjoy it with assistance from me . nice set of headband making supplies .
love this game . we play this game to determine who starts our game nights . the rules are simple and people catch on really fast .
she's cute . i love all the create-a-monsters . there's so many ways to change them . kids & adults alike love these monsters .
challenging set . not too easy or too hard for my nephew who builds regularly . he likes these better than lego kits he's used in the past .
i got the set in perfect conditions . the set itself is beautiful and the minifigures are among the best in the lego star wars franchise .
i bought this for my 3 year old grandson . he liked it , but it wasn't his favorite toy for christmas .
this is the coolest lego set i have ever bought . it was so much fun to put together and it looks incredible ! great purchase !
great sand toy . my grandson will have hours of fun playing with this in his sandbox . also got the crabbie sandbox to go with it .
we had received a few small sets as a gift . this was perfect to get started with a true lego collection .
my whole family loves this game ! it's fun and educational ! i'm looking forward to buying other versions of this game ! ! love it .
the puzzle was very nice and sturdy ; however , the puzzle was a little to easy for my 2 year old grandson .
my son loved these when he was in his toy story phase , these are higher quality toys that he still comes back to sometimes
great gift for boy or girl . versatile with all your critters and who doesn't love trains ? very well constructed for the little hands that play rough !
buttons were a little hard to push and it just didn't capture his attention at all . he is 2 yrs old .
i thought it looked cute . my daughter seemed enthused when she opened her gift . i haven't seen her play with it past the first day .
however , i do anticipate the labels on some of the items looking worn very quickly . otherwise , a nice selection of accessories .
this was a birthday gift and she just loved it . set up well . sturdy , room to hold things and worked out just perfect .
i bought this for my granddaughter for christmas . she was excited that she got this doll . i would recommend this doll .
gave this to my grandson for christmas and he loved it ! ! i have come to trust the lego brand . happy with this purchase .
my three year old great grand daughter loves the stable , horses and the princeses . she will sit for hours playing with them .
my son jack , 9 yr old , brought on home on loan for his school and beg for one , okay so he loves it ! !
legos are the best ! my grandson spend all day building them ! he is so creative and it has taught him to follow directions with great patience .
it's cute . not amazing . but my kids is a minecraft fan so it was a good gift . we've had no problems lighting it up .
it goes perfect for the kids shopping cart . they need stuff to " shop " for and this works great . my niece loves it !
the grandkids really like this . there are very clear instructions with pictures of the pieces needed and how to put them together .
pick this guy up now you wont regret it he is a beast if you like the marvel select toys you need this one
this is a must if you have kids with beyblades , helps organize and protects the beyblades . good value and the service was great .
this was an item on my grandson's christmas list . he was very excited to get it . i hope it is fun for him .
grandsons who are four and two love playing with them . they aren't so interested in the action figure , bit love the plane ! we'll made and sturdy
i enjoy doing this puzzle with my six year old . the pieces are sturdy , not too small , and it is a lovely picture .
there are a ton of beads for many different crafts and there is a variety of colors . we were pleased with the product .
i bought this as a present for my daughter who just loves the frozen movie . the doll was a big hit and she loved it
luke by fisher-price is a well-made toy and my grandson was very happy to add it to our growing collection of thomas ' engine friends !
i bought this for my daughter for our long road trip . it was great ! she expanded the fun by adding the cling-stickers to the windows .
these a great quality ball . they are not the cheap ones . they are the think plastic balls that are firm and full of air .
100 % are working and they're just perfect to tuck into plastic easter eggs ! i'm very pleased and wish i'd ordered a 2nd package !
these are adorable ! i purchased them for my cousin's daughter's american girl doll and they fit wonderfully . she loves them .
this is a beast 360 firing arc . also a good support ship and keep it moving . upgrade and mod cards are great .
very nice illlustations and motivating size of pages . the tearout sheets provide a great background for young children to begin working on their masterpieces !
our granddaughter adores doc mcstuffin , and if she likes this doll half as much as i do , she will truly enjoy it !
this set of books is awesome . my daughter has so much fun reading all these books with her tag reader . very encouraging product .
just add in a few new cards , and the fun expands ! who knew being " inappropriate " would be so much fun .
my granddaughter got this also for christmas , and she wants all of the 13 wishes dolls , well we will sure try .
christmas gift for my niece that is 3 and she loved the gift . melissa & doug products are very impressive .
darling ! just the right size for little hands to have a cute little dolly ! having the big sister is perfect too !
my 2 year old loved this toy when we got it and a year later he still plays with it ! no problems with it whatsoever . terrific toy !
these blocks are great and fairly inexpensive . my daughter loves them . i would definitely buy them again and have given them as gifts .
my seven year old got this under the tree and loved it . along with a pad of sketch paper she is drawing everything she sees .
great case for the leapfrog system and components . keeps things nice and tidy . i recommend this item .
my grandsons love any lego's i buy for them , they like the people that have weapons and hats the best
i love the colors the shapes and the music no complaints yet would recommend this toy . very cute and music is very high quality .
got this for my 10 yr old son last christmas and we all love it ... from 4 to 44 !
i have a 4y / o boy who loves this game . it has also helped with his math skills . very happy with the purchase .
they are just extra packs they are well made . you will need this to place the game . so they are ok
this is an adorable cook set , but the scale is really small ! i love the quality of the wood and colors of the stain .
the grandsons love love love this ( ages 2-3- 4-5 ) . they play w / it for hours at a time . it's sturdy , colorful and fun .
only 2 player and kind of a steep learning curve . once you get it and have someone good to play against though it really starts to shine !
very creative features , such as the veins of the villain lighting up when placed on the electric chair . i recommend it for toddlers .
this was a cute necklace for my daughter and looks so pretty for her , very satisfied with the quality and look !
a great way to introduce youngsters to the joys of crafting . they can make and proudly wear their own homemade jewelry !
inconsistent in size , sticky feeling and hard to work with . spend a little extra and get the authentic rainbow loom glitter bands !
my 9 year old grandson is an absolute big time fan of all star wars and halo stuff . he was so thrilled to get more .
... for my granddaughter . she liked it ( and had requested it ) but lost interest after a day or two ( she's eleven ) .
soft , cuddly , and easy for a six month to hold . it has found a place to be loved , and it was free !
i got these for my newpew for his birthday he loves legos so i thought he would like themand he got so excited he tore the box open so fast
my 3 , 5 yr old boys love this . though their favorite is heatwave rescue bot .
we have one of these for each child . this is one i bought for my youngest . they are wonderful ! all 3 of my kids love it !
best cleo to me she is so pretty with this outfit and her hair . my niece didnt care for the others but loves this !
it was a big hit with my 2 year old and 4 year old nephews !
nice game . mechanics identical to yahtzee with exception of a peg board that you track progress of resources , workers , and such.simple and fun .
these are good to use with the bulls eye to teach kids.the suction cups are ok for the money.not the best to use in cold temperatures .
the title says it all . the penguin is a good size and it's of high quality . my son loves it ! ! !
these are basically foam shoes with nice long , hefty laces . my five year old learned to tie her shoes very quickly using them .
i love melissa and doug products . this is no exception . we have had this for almost 2 years and my kids still play with it !
made my sheet cake exactly like the picture and it turned out awesome ! ! ! everybody gave great compliments on it at the party .
this car is a great addition to our set of cars . my son loves it and plays with it often .
i will continue to do business with u for any future transformer toys . my son is a big fan of transformer toys . u rock ! ! ;)
this is a pretty good game . my family had fun playing it and even my 7 and 5 year old recognized some of these places .
cool gun . got auto for it to be easier for the five year old .
my kids can't watch this enough ! is it so neat to see this work . for every age ! fun fun fun
best , best and the best figures , worth to get this , i myself is enjoying it with my children , thank you
this is going to be fun during the wait for santa ! the grand kids will enjoy the fun things we have found to do with him
nice deal on dinosaur puzzle that is wooden . my grandsons enjoy putting it together . holding up quite well with use .
kids love it keep playing with it ... great size , love the tray and 2 cookies , and the fake tea ... perfect ! ! !
they're cotton filled and are easy to throw ... we've used them for two different indoor snowball fights and the kids really love them ...
my grandsons , ages 3 to 5 loved this train track and accessories.it fold up neatly for storage as well . ok
yeah , you get 12 . they break too easy . the kids didn't want to play with them either because they kept breaking .
good colors , but not very striking and bright . i do wish they had a larger pack with more colors . still good though .
this set gives you a lot of s clips needed for rubber band crafting . good price for the kit . great to divide amongst multiple recipients .
my son loves his v reader and this game is an excellent addition to it ! he is 4 years old , and can play it endlessly ! :)
my granddaughter's favorite color and the cutest little thing called " love " ! she is loving her new furby and now her younger brother needs one too !
the main model is ok but whatever on the minifig and such ... way too much for some rather redundant parts
my wife says this has been a big hit in her k4 class . you basically get 2 full sets of sandwich parts .
got this for my daughter thinking it would only last a week or two . it has now lasted 2 months and many crashes . would recommend
the toys are great for our wooden dollhouse . my 7 year old daughter loved this gift . thanks for sending so quickly !
it's fun because it's magnetic but what i don't like is that all the shapes a pretty similar so it's hard to get them back into their spots .
my daughter got this for her birthday and she loved it . she plays with her often and she is a good product .
the best , most hilarious game on the planet . look no further and buy the base pack and all four expansion packs .
bought a couple of these for some little girls . they loved it and they really thought the whole disney princess aspect was cool .
i got them for my 10 year old and he loved it so much i got another one for my 11 year old
kids love to color their bath and these colors work as good as the name brand , i'm pretty sure they are the same thing . works great .
this kit has all you need for a tie dye themed birthday party . the dyes are strong colors that last without much fading .
the helicopter is cute the way it flies around , it stays charged for about 15 minutes , my grandson loves it
we love the beanie ballz toys . adorable ! ! my kids have a few different ones , and this one is just as cute as the others .
i bought this for my 6 year old who uses it all the time and it's holding up really well !
bought this item as a white elephant gag exchange gift . people thought it was hilarious . good quality for the price .
my grandaughters loved the glow in the dark bands , it makes the bracelets glow so nice in the darkness of their rooms .
great product , love that they only write on crayola paper , so i don't have to worry about my carpet and chairs anymore
lego , what else do you need to say . very nice kit providing several mini figures and weapons . the usual standard for the small kits .
the kids all love this toy . the harder you squeeze it , the farther it will travel . help build hand strength by shooting for farther targets .
great tool to save kids art by year or subject . very easy to store and seems durable and like it will hold up . well recommended by friends .
i was very surprised on how small elmo was . i thought it would be a little bigger . to me it is not worth the money .
purchased for my 2 year-old granddaughter - pretty sturdy little item , definitely colorful , and the weebles are fun , as always .
doll's panties are very cute and well made . these could be made a smidge bigger for the american girl dolls .
this was a purchase for our 8 yr old son who loves to build . he loves it ! would highly recommend .
super fun game , my 3 year old is really good at it ! !
a great toy for the little future pilot . lots of fun sounds , very sturdy , promises hours of play . shipped promptly , arrived as described .
i collect monster high dolls ! if you collect them i recomend this one ! she is pretty cool and artistic ! skelita is very great monster high doll !
it took lego a while but now they girls have girlie adventures with legos . pinks purples bright colors and great collections
i have purchased 2 of these over the past several years and it has been well made and a good learning toy
these clips are perfect because my daughter loves s-clips more than the c-clips ! ! ! these came fast and with a great price ! !
these work great , are very cute colors , and stick very well to the tub . they also come off easy enough as well to clean the tub .
we decided on hape furniture to go in our plan toys my first doll house . fits perfect , better price and cuter in my opinion .
these are cute and cheap , which is what i was looking for , because my daughter goes through stickers very quickly . the aren't of super high quality .
got her for a steal . $ 12 at the time.on amazon daughter plays with her daily . she still has all of her body parts .
great for toddlers to grasp with hands because of actual size . would recommend to friends & family . sturdy but not too bulky
simply : it broke after a couple uses , and yes it was used properly . a disappointment . won't buy again . i don't recommend it .
great mix of math and hand / eye coordination . as a math teacher i like the idea of not only playing but learning basic math concepts like patterns .
this pack is a great value for nerf guns . never can have too many darts . clips work flawlessly . watch for low price time to time .
i purchased these for my five and seven-year-old son and then went back and purchased more for my nephews . they are very durable and easy to fly
figure arrived with right arm detached from torso . the right leg hinge at hip is so loose the figure cannot stand on its own .
grandson collects beyblades , and he picked out this one . he likes taking it apart and putting it back together again .
i bought this for a gift for my nephew who loves legos and winnie the pooh . great item ! thank you !
my toddler loves them and would paint all day if she could . there isn't much paint in each container but for the cost it seems reasonable .
this is a great little set for small hands ! the roller and spatula are far better than any that come with play doh sets .
great addition to our set . my kids love the matching tender car . we can't seem to get enough of the die cast trains .
wow ! this is a cool set with all kinds of various things to put together & pretend ! grandkids love it - - worth the $ !
this beyblade is good and durable looking to buy morethe pc frame is nice and the dd is cool
took a long time to put together on christmas eve , but my daughter got many years of enjoyment from it , so it was worth it
we have not given this to my son yet but we think he will love it . i will be a nice addition to his easter basket
my grandkids and the adult kids were amused and it went together easily . should have bought more bugs . great fun
love the melissa and doug wooden beads ; use with students for patterns , colors , and fine motor ; they are a classic .
the photos are great , that's it , there are no printed words indicating what the photos are and the case is plastic ...
these are well made easy to clean , and are perfect for my 3 yr olds hands . i love melisa and doug they always have great products .
bought as a gift for someone . it's a cute table but my leap frog table that we have has a lot more song's and activities
great for play and just for storing all your lalaloopsy dolls when not in play . would definitely recommend . nice size too .
all those are for my grandson , he loves to play with them he has a lot of them . good for him
it's a good base for the legos . it fits perfectly in the lego city zip bin . my son uses it all the time .
great truck for the price ! i bought it for my grand daughters and they have lots of fun with it .
great product ... small cans but enough play-doh for little hands . colors are as pictured . satisfied with and would recommend the item !
friends forever bracelet making kit is something our grand daughter had at the top of her christmas list . she loves making things and wearing them .
i bought these cars for my grandson to play with when he visits me . he loves them and loves to play with them . they keep him entertained .
excellent quality set . my 5 year old nephew loves it ! ! ! plays with it daily ! great addition to his kitchen collection !
our son keeps flipping it over . they say these kinds of toys are good for kids but its not working so great
this was a great game for 4 yr old granddaughter . she loved the colorful bees . a little hard to put leaves in without some adult help .
this set is great for playing and learning . my children get to learn their fruits and veggies along with colors .
it's great that it supports more people to join this ice breaking game . i would recommend this to people that enjoys the base game .
purchased as a gift to my 5 year old granddaughter . she loves the movie " frozen " , so this was a perfect gift .
this product provides a great grip for small hands and protects the leap frog . the bright green color makes it easy to find
it was a great gift for my nephew this year.he plays a lot with it.about educational value ... not so much of that.but it was a great christmas gift .
great party favor especially for the price . matched well with the ocean animal stickers as well . kids loved them and thought were really cute .
this is so adorable and cuddley . if a beautiful gift for anyone who likes animals . the eye almost look real .
if your kids like super soakers , this is a must have add on . everyone that sees it and uses it loves it . i would buy again .
really great toy bricks for the while family - light , high quality , nice design , at a very good price . highly recommended !
if you want to have an evening of adult fun and laugh till you cry this the game to play !
this should have been $ 5 or at a dollar store . not very fun and doesnt work very well . would not recommend .
great 10 steps to put together . a working gate and drawbridge makes it a bit more challenging to put together , but worth it .
my grandson loves ninjago and legos what a great combo . this item arrived quickly and in perfect condition . i will be ordering more of these in the future
this will hold about 4 or 5 tag books plus the pen . it's easy for my daughter to open and close the locks .
this doll is everything we thought she'd be and more . mattel has really outdone themselves with ms swamp . she's 100 percent awesome !
easy to put together and offered lots of fun for my 5 year old twin grandsons . has held up so far and they are still enjoying it .
cute peach doll with a nice dress . it would be better if it wasn't a soil piece of hair and you could brush it .
he loves this puzzle . can do it by himself pretty quickly . he likes all of the animals and plays it often .
these are cute and light up nicely , however , they are not for actual sword fighting the way little boys like to fight .
not well-made . the magnetic latch on the drawers broke after two days . it was also difficult to put together as the pre-drilled holes did not match up .
i have never seen lipo blow up but i bought this just in case . i like that it can hold quite a few batteries
these worked very well with my grandchildren's bracelet loom . they have been having great fun mixing the colors and creating new styles .
got this in great time and it was awesome i ordered t for my grand daughters birthday and she is going to absolutely love it
if you own the original game then you know what you're getting into . just buy this and shut your stupid mouth .
got this for bath play and it was a hit ! has help up so far so we like it ! ;
great old traditional dye but with a few updated colors . we always use this every year , it just wouldn't be the same without it .
awesome castle . not too bad to assemble . the kids love it . it brings sophia to life for the children . cute .
what a sweet batman ! if you are looking for a unique batman for the collector in your family then you found your batman .
i have two boys ages 2 and 5 they love this trucks . they play rough with them and the quality is great !
we bought this for one of our friends who is into monster high and she started drawing in it right away .
i bought this for my nephew ... it's soooo cute ! so soft . they're all cute and cuddly . i want one for me !
these books are great for toddlers .. there is no mess when you use the color wonder markers . children really love them .
these can be hard to find . wanted one for sensory play for my son
daughter collects so this was just one more added to the collection . very cute .
it is a great little toy for a 5 or 6 year old easy to do and fun my grand daughter is 6 she loves this
lots of bubbles ... easy to make bubbles . my family have bought many different bubbles solution and this one is consistent in quality from bottle to bottle .
these slippers are just adorable . my daughter is going to give my grand-daughter slippers to match so that going to bedis going to be fun .
this is a cute product . can't wait for my daughter to open it christmas morning and put it to use with the table !
great toy for any young child to use with supervision of an adult , and make a great gift for ny occasion
i had to purchase two sets to truly allow for creativity , which required me to spend twice as much as i was expecting to spend .
the skates are sturdy and well-made , supports ankles , nice color for little girls . some smaller children might need parental help with balancing at first .
this nerf gun is really unique and different . the crossbow makes for a nice variety and it makes for a lot of fun !
this was a gift for my 12 month old . he loved it . it was well made and durable . the people are cute .
i purchased this as gift . looks good and seems to have alot of goodies in it . its simple and easy .
love how you have to open the seat to get too the battery thats the best idea out . couldn't ask for a better toy
they work ok but i got them bc i thought they were trigger action , unfortunately still the pump which i didn't want .
my granddaughter loves these and wishes i could get another another pair for her second doll . they are very adorable .
what's not to love about metallic rainbow looms ? my daughters were both very happy with the gold addition to their color palettes .
this was a gift , so i can't attest to durability , but it looked great . it seemed to be a very good value .
it truly despict an animal with very precise detail and color.like on many other papo figures i would like the movable jaw on this one too !
the lights / sound were very easy to install and not terribly loud . my grandson really liked this added feature . would recommend to others .
my granddaughter and daughter-in-law loved this gift . i thought it was really neat and i would highly recommend great quality
son loves playing with all his different dinosaurs he loves the way they talk to each other and look so much like the movie
this is adorable and i know my granddaughter will love it for christmas . very reasonable price compared to american girl catalog !
puffer pete is one of our favorite chuggers . this toy is true to the character on the show . priced competively with other toy stores .
my granddaughter is now collecting the holiday since i have been collecting them the first year they were put out ! she loves it to add to her collection !
very useful . good quality . we recommended to everyone . don't waste your money on batteries is just crazy . buy with confidence
this is a great starting out puzzle for little people . only three animals and they don't get bored very easy . love the jumbo knobs for tiny hands
i got 3 bags of 600 rubber bands . good variety , quality and price . we enjoy making bracelets with rainbow loom .
the only grip i have against this games is a large majority of the play is based on luck . it is good party game for non-serious board-gamers .
looks good and nice to have . this is a bit smaller than i expected . but my son loves them and fun to throw around .
lots of fun ! my 2yr old lover watering the flowers and playing garden . especially since my husband has a real veggie garden of his own :)
bought as a gift , so i am actually sure of the quality , but the little boy said it was awesome . so i'll go off of that
went ahead and picked up this figure just due to the fact the the manhunter has always been a favorite character of mine . great quality .
my grandson plays this game for hours and hours . he gets to all different levels , and seems pretty good at it .
my daughter really wanted the monster high cats and these didn't disappoint . they are typical monster high ; you know the drill - sometimes they come apart .
making a my little pony castle cake for my daughter , but can't mold ponies . this will be a great substitution and they're candles too !
this was a great price for a really good product . i have no complaints , it's definitely easy for kids to use and durable .
a very interesting and fun addition to small world i would recommend it purely for the number of scenarios and board combinations , great replay value
since we call our grandson , trouble , this is an appropriate game for him . i loved it as a kid and i know he will too .
perfect for my boys when they sleep and watch finding memo . a good big size and soft , won't be disappointed
i love how useful it is . i wished it had a bigger memory to fit in more than two books
i bought this mailbox to mount on a post and put beside a playhouse . it works great . the perfect size for a miniature house .
love the size of it and the animals are quite nice to teach my toddler the names of the different animals
this toy engaged my daughter , who is a huge fan of lps . the toy is durable and well-made . plenty of play opportunities .
unfortunately , it did not last long before it started coming apart . my grandchildren are gentle and this is the result .
my grandsons like to put this game into the leapster 2 and play with it . it keeps them entertained when they have to be inside .
our 6 year old grandson really likes the 3 in 1 sets and i like the fact that the instructions are clear and easy to follow .
this is a great product--a lot of bands for those fun bracelets all those kids are making these days . my kids were really excited to get these .
great value - pretty sure everyone knows what playdoh is so i don't really need to spell it out for your .
these are perfect size for putting in my organic soaps for kids . fun in the tub and do not fit down the drains .
this family of dolls is a big favorite in our classroom . i have had to reglue one foot back on but sturdy otherwise .
i bought this for the leapster and it works great . it also fits in the leapster 2 with no problems . helps save on batteries !
my kids love it . it's well made and a cute toy.they play with it for a long time . the end .
must have so cute and well made and is easy for little one to do ... good magnet and that worm has such a cute face !
this bathroom set provides everything needed in a dollhouse bathroom ! i love the little additions such as the little duck
my niece loved it she is 9 and is perfect for all ages . it is a great toy very good
we used these as favors at our wedding ( more for the kids we thought ) but all the adults enjoyed them too !
child who recieved this likes ot carry it around and sleep with it . a nice size and hugable for small children
great little helicopter i would recommend this to anyone i have purchased about 20 mini helicopters and this is by far the best
my son is having a handy manny bday and this table cloth is a perfect accessory . amazon prime is too easy
my grandson loves his " digger " . it is soft and cuddly and he can pack his favorite truck in it to take to grandma's .
cute and easy . 6yr . old loves it . headbands are a little uncomfortable and hard to take apart and get back in the box but we enjoy it
this is a very good little toy for boys or girls to play with and have friends come over to have fun also !
great educational toy-we take it with is in the car and when we go out to eat-keeps little hands busy-would definitely recommend this !
excellent quality . however , having to wait to download the book was not exactly fun for my grandson.as soon as it was done he was off and reading .
purchased this for my daughter for playing check up and she really likes it . so far its holding up good .
my two-year-old loves " sofia the first " and now she can play with the whole family . these figures are good sizes and i love the colors .
i really love this game , so much fun ! something new and funny happens every time we play but best with lots of people :)
bought as a christmas present for a nine-year-old grandson . it looks complex , but i am sure he will love it .
pow ! ! this joker action figure is very precise and quickly brings back memories from the 60 ' s batman series . my husband loved it .
i washed this in cold water and the colors bled all over the very first time . total waste of money .
i bought this helicopter for my husband and it broke after one fall . he was very disappointed and replacement parts weren't worth the cost or effort .
my son loves jake and loves this game . he is pretty picky but has been very entertained with this game .
my granddaughters just love this set.and it even comes with a bike.lots of detail and easy to read instructions.provides hours of fun .
this is a good quality pair of doll shoes . my daughter loves them . this is a good purchase and you will be satisfied
my grandaughter carries this little doll everywhere . she did take off the white coat . she puts the bandaids all over her too .
cute game for any hello kitty fan . my 6 years old likes to play . would be nice if it came with more markers .
i ordered this to complete a set . very well made & my grand daughter loves hers . definitely an attractive & usable gardening tool for your little gardener
pretty good quality and holds air great even after kids jump around on it . i will have to see how it does in the water on our upcoming trips
my granddaughter loves the smaller lego pieces ( sets ) even though she's only 3 / 12 years old . a big hit with a little girl .
great for travel for a 3 years . offers lots of possibilities . fits well with other lauri toys . would buy again .
this came right on time . . it is a gift for my son . he is going to love it . he can make so many things with this .
this is worth it ! my son and i had a complete blast with this whole kit . super easy instructions and came brand new packaged and ready to use
this was an item i bought for my grandson to go with his art easel . he is enjoying all the creative things he can do with it .
this is the best representation of the autobot known as bulkhead from the prime series if your looking fro show accuracy of this character this it
my grandson loved it , and had it put together in 15 minutes.he added this set to his vast collection of legos .
i purchased this pillow pet for my grandson last christmas . he sleeps with his doggy pillow pet each night and still loves it !
this is the best game ever ! ! there are some really funny cards , and some that are really stupid . good game !
they love legos designed just for girls , finally a lego set that girls will love to play with as much as their brothers
my son loves this nerf gun and is having a great time shooting targets or pretending he is a spy shooting around the corners .
it's very cute and the lights and songs captivate my son's attention . the seat is much too small and it barely rocks . highly disappointed .
my grand daughter has really enjoyed this set . she loves being a mommy and this set is well made and supplied her with a lot of fun time .
this was fun to do , but the jewels came off very quickly ... like within a couple hours . we had jewels everywhere !
fun at first but cars shoot out fast so those near by have to watch out so as not to be hit . it only comes with one car
my 10 month old loves to play with this , it fun and challenging for him at the same time great quality smooth wood .
he loves setting these signs out , also it has taught him the signs , he has pointed out the different signs on the highway , he is 5 .
this whistle has great tune and is well made , unlike some of the other choo-choo whistles we've seen . our 2 year old loves it !
my little grandson really , really enjoyed these littlepeople wheelies with his new toy , swoops and hoops , i believe was the name of it .
until it was hit by a fist it worked really well , for a small price its a really great toy
this book is geared for older children and even adults . the stories are good but not appreciated by most young children .
i got it brand new and it works just fine in the vreader . i haven't had any problems with it
fun for all ages ! gives a good opportunity to try thinking and planning ahead , and teaches geography in an enjoyable way !
bought a used step 2 kitchen for the grandkids but it didn't have the pans and dishes . the pans in this set made the stove noises work .
bought for my 3 year old daughter and she loves it ! you can adjust it to different heights as the kids grow !
my son loves his luke angry bird ... good quality and met our expectations . has held up well through all his angry birds recreations .
i bought this as a birthday present for my daughter who loves everything my little pony . she plays with this everyday and it still holds up .
we bought these 2 years ago and they still look new even though they have been played with a lot .
just doesn't last long in the bathtub . i think the boys played with this for about 2 weeks then it was done .
they are very cute . out of 10 6 have a good elastic and fit well , 4 dont ... but great price !
bouth it for my son birthday party its all worth it kids loved them and its so cute thougher than i thought they would be to
they were for my little sister , and she likes the different colors , they just don't really glow in the dark
one of my many granddaughters got this from me for a christmas gift . when she opened it , i knew she loved it .
the product comes good , complete , arrive at time , with all of their pieces , in really good state , was a good buy
bought this for my young grandson . he loved it ! it made a great gift . item shipped fast and was just as described .
i was very pleased with this experience so far . the caterpillars were great , now we are anxiously awaiting gorgeous butterflies ! !
what can you say about lego's , other then they are great . my son loves this set . i cannot wait for him to get it together .
my daughter really liked these - they worked much better than the metallic pencils we got her and have a nice rich color / shine to them .
the bus was one of the things we were missing so we decode to get her this for christmas . this toy are just adorable .
i got her and all the new fright collection at justice . they were doing there 50 percent off sale . i only paid 18.00 dollars for her .
bought this for christmas for my 19 mos old grandson . i like educational toys , so i feel that he will use this and learn from it .
fits the leap pad perfectly . soft gel . plenty of room but not too bulky . mayched the leap pad 2 perfectly
i was very pleased with this . it was well made and had lots of options for each story space . my grand daughter loved it .
and my older kids too . i love the wood , the colors , the rattle sounds , and the quality . great baby toy .
it's nice to have a case for the books and the pen . i wish it held more books then it does .
using this particular bed for a different doll . my daughter is very pleased with this particular item . still need to find a house .
him and his friend loves playing with the nerf guns . they are so much safer and are lots of fun .
this was a christmas gift and the cutest little bear ever ... it arrived promptly and nicely pkg . i am sure the baby is loving it !
these beyblades are much better quality than the others . my son would recommend that parents buy these over the others as they work much better .
my little boy loves playing this on his train table . it is well made . the price is excellent compared to other stores .
my daughters got these for christmas , they are 9 & 6 and can fly them very easily ! these are very durable as well !
i bought this for my infant daughter for x-mas . it is super cute and can't wait for my daughter to get old enough to play with it .
these were cute ; but , a little smaller cards than i expected and it doesn'treally say american girl anywhere on the cards .
how could you not love these frozen stickers . bought them for my son , his friend and family . they were a huge hit .
this game is flippin funny , but it is not for those that can't endure crudeness ! ... other games seem tame after playing this .
i would never buy this again . the sounds and songs are annoying . it turns on randomly . i gave it away .
best air pump i've used . actually pumps air when you are pushing down and pulling back which makes for a quick air fill .
by accident we had 2 advent calendars this year . this one was okay , but my 4 - year-old didn't take much interest in it .
purchased for a family member who is a teacher and intends to use in his school classroom . he appears to be pleased with the gift .
this is a great gift to help with learning with numbers and of course it's gives them a head start with cell phones . lol
not that functional . i thought this would be perfect , but it needs to constantly be adjusted to keep your little one in the shade
bought these as a gift for a friend . the gift was well loved :) you cant go wrong with melissa and doug !
the tinker toys i remember as a child are now remade for my grandchildren with bright colors and bendable sticks . they love them .
my grand-daughter knew just what to do with these drums . she loved , as did i , the colorful outside jungle pictures around each one .
there are 64 colors and crayola quality . i am very happy with this purchase and have bought sets for nieces and nephews , too .
no problems with this battery . have only charged it 5 times . the bird stays in the hanger for repairs a lot . very fragile craft .
the ttr series is a family favorite . bought this in box form because it was not available via steam . more challenging that the switzerland edition .
my son loves this toy . he is 4 years old and is able to transform it by himself . plays it all day long .
this train is really fun and cute . the little people fit inside and my son loves putting them in and out .
it arrived in a timely fashion , no issues noted with the foam hatchet ( broken , cuts appears deformed ) . very impressed with the presentation and appearance .
she loves . i got baby stella peach for her first birthday , and stella for her second birthday , and she loves them .
my grandson loves thomas toys and he's really into fire engines , so this was a perfect choice for a christmas gift .
this advent calendar from lego is filled with many unique characters and accessories . a collector could open one door each day for a whole month .
my son loves these blocks at 21 months . can be used to teach colors / numbers . right now he loves stacking them !
this toy is for the full sized barbies , exactly what my niece wanted ! great price too ! arrived on time and as described
future driver of the greatest race cars in the world . for god so loved the world that he sent his son jesus
my granddaughter loves this toy . she is dazzle by the music and the pictures going around the clock and the numbers .
grand daughter loves using this item and rarely puts it down . easy to set up and provides hours of educational entertainment .
my nephew loves it . it's a great gift for children that love to build . great value for the price . i would recommend it .
i ordered this extra pack of darts for my seven year old daughter and they work perfectly with the coordinating nerf gun .
if you like noisy toys you will like this toy . good quality . wish there was an off button to make it stop though ...
she loves sesame street . she's been running around the house singing and playing with this . if it makes a 3 year old happy , then i'm happy !
a well made toy and one my grandson loves to play with . it will obviously last a long time . thanks .
purchased the mini play cube for my granddaughter for christmas . think she will love it . lots of fun activities on the cube .
this was a great gift for a last minute birthday gift . ordering from here saves me an hour up and back to the store .
these headlamps work just as well as an expensive set . the kids loved them and i loved them . one for the house and one for the camper .
packed this on our trip to hawaii ! our child loved it and she liked that she could carry it herself and pack it back into the zipper bag .
i bought this for my two granddaughters , ages 4 and 6 . they loved it and have fun playing it together .
i like this heli as much or more than the legendary s107 . the small controller doesn't phase me . the disassembly and reassembly is no problem at all
my 7 years old daughter absolutely loves this toy . is made from very good quality rubber , beautiful colors ! thank you !
i got this for a gift for my son . he loved it . it came timely and was just want i expected .
i got this for my niece for her second birthday and she loved it . very easy for her to work .
my older son loves this tractor specifically because it is so so so big and can haul so many things .
my neices love these very much . great to pass time . things they are intrested in . will buy these again . great item to have .
it attaches to just about any surface and is a great way to entertain baby . it saved us on more than one occassion eating out . =)
the colors on this are very vibrant . i love that it's a magnet on it and the tops are awesome for this
my kids like the big eyes on this one . the product seems to be well made , and my kids have definitely played rough with them .
like this doll cause shes a cat . great outfit - cool boxnow finding her at walmart i think like 20.00 happy looking :)
you can put your figure on a field only if you have six on a dice . it can take 10-15 minutes which is really annoying .
my kids love all of the fisher price imaginext toys ! this little catwoman toy is a great addition to the batcave , which my younger son adores .
this is what my grandson wanted and i believe he plays with it constantly . knowing what a child wants makes it easier to buy .
everyone knows these books and loves them ! great for preschoolers learning to read . this is such a great present for beginner readers .
one more fun thing to go with the safari jacket . i like that it attaches to the jacket . the compass works .
it is a game of chance , no strategy involved . ok for younger kids.the kids get a kick out of the squirrel .
these tools arrived promptly and seem to be well made . my two year really enjoys helping in the garden with these . nice size and weight .
my grandkids love this game . it is very educational also . helps them with colors and numbers . i would highly recommend .
she really enjoys putting it together any way she chooses , it's not complicated at all ! i'm very happy with it !
granddaughter loved it ! makes a nice little light when trying to get to sleep . love that it shuts itself off .
my granddaughter loves max and ruby . i purchased this beanie babies for her easter basket . she really loved them . good purchase .
we bought this for our granddaughter's american girl doll . it is soooooo cute , and good quality . the price is a big plus also ! !
i really love the look of this wooden toy . my day care children enjoy this toy . love the quality of the toy
my daughter loves these blocks . they have interesting colors and are very sturdy built . i like how some of them have mirrors or bells on them .
hal's leg was a bit wonky but otherwise great purchase . would also like to have seen an indigo john stewart and red guy gardner combo .
it's her ! classic mrs . potato head . just as you remember . good price , totally worth it , because every kid needs the famous spud duo .
best faora in this scale , the only problem is her head seems to big for the body but its ok for the man of steel line .
its star wars and thats what matters to my 9 year old . he loves to collect these figures and it was a great addition to his collection .
i got this swing for my grand daughter , she loves to be pushed and i know that she is safe .
my advanced 5 year old grandson loves his new blaster . the whole family plays . and for what it is , the price was good .
many , many hours of pleasure not only putting it together but creating rescue stories ... and the boat does float ! grandson is a lego addict .
the zip line concept for the nano bugs was well engineered and fun to watch . a must have for nano bug enthusiasts .
it was colorful and so interesting with all the parts and the 3 year old loved it and it was easy for him to handle
9 - year-old really enjoyed this sketch book . very fun to be able to learn to make their favorite monster high characters .
i found this at target and it was a great buy and it took so long to get and really great details .
these cute little nuggets really look like the chipmunk , which means my granddaughter is in heaven ! very well made with a great price !
fun for an 8 - year old - easy to put together - great addition to any lego collection ! highly recommended - enjoy !
as seen on tabletop with wil wheaton , this game is fabulous . love playing with my nephews ( ages 8-14 ) - the whole family loves it !
bought this a halloween prop , but it was nice enough we keep it with the rest of our star trek prop items .
our little guy loved making different shapes and he really loves anything with cars or trucks ! ! play-doh ( yeah ) it's been around forever ! ! !
my comment is not all grandmothers are gray haired ... but our 1 yr . old granddaughter loves the luggage - she carries it around like she is traveling :)
perfect doll size but still a little small . seem totally functional and the drinks disappear exactly as expected . good for the price
we have the monkey version of this but grandson into cows so had to get for him . cute toy and he likes to play with it .
got this for my girls for christmas . they barely stick to the wall and there's entirely too many pieces . it's a mess .
we bought this for a birthday party gift . great value . little boy was very happy 7 year old with his angry birds
my kids love spongebob so they were really happy to see gary , they just love this little character , it's fun
i purchased this book for my 7 year old granddaughter for christmas and she said she seemed happy with it .
i bought this to compose my disney characters collection , i work with decorative tables for birthday parties , goofy met our expectations
we got this for our kids birthday and they loved it . comes with the net and and bug catcher so they can view what they collect .
thought it would be softer plastic . very hard . however has stood up to use & rings have slipped on easily
this was purchased together with a table for our office and still seems to be working . it was affordable and delivered in a timely manner .
my daughter loves this . it's great cause it can store easily . the pieces are also light and easy for her to move around as she likes .
great outfit for the money . the girls love changing clothes on their dolls and this one works perfectly . i recommend .
this dot-to-dot is very intense but not so challenging that children lose interest . the final products are awesome and realistic .
the kid for my son's 4th bday loves the masks at first glance and it matches with the animal bracelet but it easily breaks ...
these cookies are really cute . they are just the right size for the american doll and go well on the table i purchased from queen's treasures .
i bought this for my soon to be 5 year old granddaughter sophia . her birthday is november 9th , but i'm sure she will love it .
arrvd on time & well pkd . bday gift for grandson . at 8 he should enjoy these & they're temporary so no harm no foul .
this is apples to apples but for adults . if you don't laugh during this gay , you have problems and need help .
grandson loves to take pictures - thought i would start him off with an inexpensive camera , but had i not gotten it on salei would have returned it .
perfect gift for any child who loves mickey mouse . my brother has not let him out of his sight . this is the perfect size
great dress-up for boys or girls who loves construction and building play ! looks authentic and it's part of the ' game ' , reasonably priced and fun !
my grandson had a lot of fun with his helicopter until he got too close to a row of pine trees and lost it .
our grandson loves cars . we can wait till christmas to see his face.this is a wonderful addition to his other gifts .
bought this for my son . very cheapily made . my son loves " angry birds " but does not like this game at all .
not exactly my little pony but these little dolls are well made and fun and give a nice bridge between the ponies and barbie .
. . . and so perfect for little chubby fingers . this is a great gift for little ones . and grandma llikes it too .
my two year old enjoys this toy . he does not interact with it quite as much as i had hoped he would , but he does like it .
they work as good as the next brand . id buy them again if i had to.the price was right . standard colors .
son has had this for two years . and it is still going strong . still has all it's wheels .
seafarers alone gets 5 stars.just a little expensive to add the 5-6 player extension.but i had to have it !
the floating logs popped pretty fast . otherwise it is good . not good for an area with a lot of wind .
the doll is beautiful and simple as i want it , the clothe is colorful and stylish . excellent as a gift to start a monster high doll collection .
bought these for grandson and they stick to the tub and he enjoys them outside the tub also - good buy
love the pictures and design . great quality . it's bright and fun . my daughter loves it and is making good progress with her abcs with this
sturdy toy with a nifty transform feature . my son adores it . the attachment is stupid , and perpetually lost , but the bot is cool .
great little set of holiday designs that can be shared with many age levels . i would purchase this item again .
havent opened it yet . its a stocking gift . its very tiny but ok . think my son will enjoy it for a minute atleast .
cute doll but accessories are really small and easy to lose i do not suggest buying this for smaller children
it doesn't last that long and than needs to be recharged . it would be helpful if the charge lasted longer .
my kids love steering their playground " ship " with this . it's made of durable plastic and i know it will hold up to the outdoor elements .
this slinky was purchased for my dad who was an alzheimer's patient . his slinky got lost and we needed to replace it . it's been a favorite !
furry , furry coat to wear in the winter in the snow . fits well and looks great on the doll today
my son loves this game ! he is almost 3 and this is a great game for him . he loves finding the matches .
fabulousaccessory to carry around your leapfrog tag junior fits several books as well to keep everything together . with handle child can carry it themselves
returned this product . i thought by the picture it was much nicer and sturdier . the boxes were very cheap and looked like it wouldn't last
this playset is filled with all the pieces boys need to create their mock battles . my grandsons play with it daily .
these were purchased as a party favor for a mustache party . they are brightly colored and really cute . there are 2 of each color in the package .
we bought this after purchasing the camera-less one . we noticed it does not fly as high . my daughter hasn't used the camera feature yet .
this toy has stood the test of time . there is a reason that it is still so popular years later - it is fun and easy to use .
it is quality made and a very cute carrying case . has the usual quality and consistancy you can expect from melissa and doug
a little change to the original game i grew up with , but still a lot of fun . my eight year old really likes it , too .
my grandson loves these lego ninjago and he liked this one as well . he was happy to add to his collection .
we gave this as a present for a four year old and she loved it ! her mom kept saying how happy she was in her " castle " .
we've had this toy for three years and through two playful children . it has held up really well and is fun for ages 9 months - 4 years .
my 20 month old daughter quickly worked out how do this . the pieces are large so can't choke on them . she's had alot of fun .
bought for our youngest g daughter to help with fine motor skills , she has already lost the smaller pieces , but that isn't uncommon ... great price for product
we received this the other day and have made several snow balls with it . easy to use , and seems sturdy . defiantly fits its description .
love art products and this did not disappoint . my niece loves sparkles and crafts so these will make a perfect gift .
i was looking for a few things to work in conjunction with my son's big boots collection . this is a fun set that he loves and very sturdy .
this is a cute book if you like dora / diego . age appropriate for under age 7 . my son informed me of this . lol
my grandson used this at bible school and loved it , so he will be getting this for his birthday .
not only learn different motor skill functions butadded sesame street fun ! ! ! both grand daughters love this toy and enjoy the activities and the singing .
good for role playing . doll has held up , not as plump and stuffed as it could be it is beginning to fold and sag a bit .
i bought this for my grandchildren's playroom . they really enjoy playing with all the kitchen equipment and this is another fun toy when they pretend they are cooking .
i've owned these for a year and they are still going strong . very well made and lots of fun for pretend play .
my six month baby loves it . but i think it's not so special , similar with other learning toys .
fits the imaginarium easel i bought it for . decent quality paper for whatever my little girl uses it for ( markers , paint , crayons , etc ) .
took this camping with the cousins and it was a big hit . wouldn't hesitate to buy again . fun , active game
when the kids come to visit this is one of the go to games we play . great fun - we have played for hours .
this is a new super heroes lego set for 2014 . the copter is awesome and so are the mini-figures . great buy .
bought this for my grandson for christmas to go along with the innotab game system and he absolutely loves it .
i have multiple brands of min helicopters . this one ranks in my top 2 . great starter 3 channel with good construction .
my kids love these walkie talkies . they enjoy playing secret spy with them and trying to find each other . can be fun !
we used these to float in a punch bowl and they did an amazing job ! they are super cute and floated right side up without difficulty !
still getting into it . complicated at first , it is difficult to bring to a party or family event unless you have hours to explain everything .
good toy for the water . can hold one than one child . nice and big . very colorful and durable . kids had fun with it .
enjoyable game of intrigue and group deduction , very good with a larger group of players . there is also a key element of persuasion .
great social skills game , choices of what to do each turn - great for ages 4 to 8 - and so very pink
i purchased two of these pirate ships for two of my grandson . both boys loved them and i recommend as i do with all platmobil toys
who doesn't like play-doh ? this collection of colors is wonderful and will be used a lot at my house when the grandkids come over . nice price amazon !
bough it as stocking stuffer for kids - as i remember that i loved the magic of kaleidoscope as a kid myself . it was a hit !
the best low tech toy a kid could get . my grandson loved it and still plays with it when all the legos are lost under the rug .
love it and received pretty fast . thinking of buy the fruit one too now.it looks so real and i know that my nephew is going to enjoy it
this set is really cool it even has articulating wings . makes things really cool for the kiddos . even for the 5 year age
i ordered these for my grandchildren and they work very well in the pool . they are easy to see and they like them .
these are great . my 4 year old daughter loves legos and also the friend . i wish lego make more girly legos - these were a hit
this are cute and adorable , my granddaughter loved them for her fairy garden in the backyard amongst the flowers and rocks
it's big , but needs more to play with , one captain with no shield ? ... if your a fan , get it , but not full price
this was a gift and my granddaughter really likes this . she is 7 years old and enjoys playing the sonic games .
our son really likes this boat but was very disappointed to find that it sinks straight to the bottom of the tub .
filled with pirate booty . i used these as the final treasure find activity with kids take home gifts . perfect for our 4 year old birthday party .
we have had so much fun playing this with our grandchildren . i am planning on buying another game for my other granddaughter .
this is the kind of game for everyone to sit down at the table and enjoy . it is fun and good for all ages .
it's fun for several ages to play a vertical version of break the ice / jenga ! great for motor skills on children who need to work on it !
these were so fun for my children to give out instead of candy for valentines gifts . they were the favorite gift in their classes !
great little cars for party favors . they work no real issues and not a bad price either . would buy again .
cool color . gives small hands good grip on the leappad . protects the products when dropped and little kids are always dropping things ..
great gift for my 3 year old grandson . he loves trains and watching it go around on the track and pick ups at the station .
this is a good item for the baby . its really sturdy and alos loves to stride and ride this puppy ... hope it last !
the item arrived in a nice and neat little package . quality of the item is good and my son love it !
this is brilliant for my toddlers especially for travelling . he gets hours of play out of it and it so light ad easy to bring anywhere
these work pretty good . softens any punch thrown by a child . the price was a little high for what you get but its decent quality .
this friends set is so cute . it takes a long time to put it all together , but the end result is worth it . highly recommend .
really fun for toddlers . my 3 year old can play with these almost every night . we ended up buying several sets for gifts !
my grandson loves this toy . it's definitely an outdoor toy though . so , maybe this spring he'll get more use out of it .
we bought the refills to go with our stomp rocket . it came with 4 , but we like knowing that there are extras on hand if need be .
great addition to the thomas the train set . my grandson was delighted with it at christmas . good quality and workmanship .
my granddaughter was over the moon with this . that was nice , as all products from this movie were soooo expensive it was all i could afford !
extra soft and sweet . i love this pooh and so does my grand baby ! if you want a crib pooh - this is it !
very pretty and exactly as advertised . she was welcomed into the toy family by my granddaughter who had asked for that .
i purchase these for my nanny job . i like the fact they are washable . great product for little ones learning to paint .
this is a great looking solid construction bowser plush . the kids have been playing with this almost non stop and nothing bad to report .
this was a bd present for our grandson , he loves anything lego , and this was on his list , he loves it .
nephews 8 and 10 years old loves this kit . it is also educational . i would purchase for others and it is worth the cost .
i bought this for my grandchildren and it was an immediate hit . yes , i chose right and they are delighted !
we use these for our marble run , so it's jo that some are bumpy . they are beautiful ! it is really a nice variety pack !
good sized cars and not too small little toddlers . a must addition to the fisher price car toys . very durable as well .
has games and its quite active ... fun to play with ... though would not recommend for kids with an above average intelligence since they'd outgrow it super quick
we haven't had an opportunity to use it yet , but owning a resort there will be times with lake floating devices to use it .
my 8 year old twins will not put these things down . how many toys can you say that about , months later ?
even with coupons and other discount , this was the best deal on the pillow pets , i am sure my nephew will love it !
my nephew loves elmo and loves this too . give it to him for his birthday and he still carries it around .
i bought two sets of these rubber bands . one set was just as described , the other was not . see my pictures .
simple toy for my boy . as a bonus , it works on the thomas take and play tracks too ! will probably order more .
started playing this game with granny and papa on our annual padre island trips . kids can't get enough of it .
i purchased these cars for my grandson's birthday . he loves them ; plays with them - making car sounds as he moves them across the floor .
got an excellent deal on this house for the lalaloopsy minis . my daughter loves it ! it is bright and cheerful with adorable extras .
these sticky mosaic projects will keep your little ones occupied for hours . cute designs , bright ( and sometimes sparkly ) stickers , great value .
my 18 month old likes this toy in the bath when the water shoots up and sprays him . its very cute and does make bath time more entertaining .
just as pictured and good price . my twins love play doh and these are much more safe and sturdy than the plastic utensils i've been giving them !
these are very well made , sturdy and attractive . got them for my 4 year old grandson , who is rough and tough , they suit him well .
i like draculaura and monster high dolls ! this one is a glamour fashion doll of monster high dolls ! i loved every detail !
this toy is just as described and pictured.very soft . sounds are appropriate . all fits together.loves to carry it around ! got the other two also !
these airplanes were easy to assemble and flew high and well , considering they aremade of paper ! great price and excellent product .
my son loves this game i love it too due to the old school wrestlers and wrestling matches would recommend it
absolutely worth it for those light ladies that love things like these . my daughter adored them as well as her little cousin . so worth it .
we had to glue the map to piece of cardboard but otherwise it was so much fun my son love this i think that it is a great play toy
very cute as a toy , but they aren't great for a bath since they float upside down ! oh well , still cute .
my children love this set . i love that it is easy to put together and there are a lot of different tracks you make .
just one bad thing the bunny says bong bong bong . i wish the bunny was not on there . funny toy my son loves it
awesome ! i do not have one single complaint . great quality and huge ' daughter loved it !
bought this for my 7 year old minecraft lover . she couldn't be happier . the ability to mount to a wall is a nice touch
excellent set with lots of adapters , solved all our track building problems . having this many adapter pieces is really invaluable . highly recommend this for all track sets
our whole family loves this game , grown-ups and kids alike can play ( even our 3 year old loves to play , with help ) .
got this bird my mom loves it so much u can put it anywhere its small so it works really good
this is a great game and expansions are always fun to play . the new cards were in line with the original .
very interesting game ! for 4 kids after 6 year.of yours somebody big shoould read insteruction and explain it to kid
bought this for my 2.5 year old . my teen aged nephews ended up playing with it the most . my daughter likes combining it with other sets .
this was by far the best gift my daughter received last christmas , she wouldn't put them down and still takes them everywhere with her .
got this on for my great grandson who is 3 but haven't given it to him as of yet i'm sure he will love it
this is exactly as described and we use it to store my daughter's leap tag junior with about 5 books in it . very cute too !
grandsons , ages three and five love these . it responds to commands and does many other things that fascinte the boys .
my daughter enjoys this toy as much as i did as a child . this is still a fantastic idea .
quick shipping , just as described , great price ! perfect for any minecraft lover ! it is really an amazing game and i recommend it
cheap imitation of the original . i would not recommend this . they are marketed as the original barrel of monkeys but these are not them .
this was a gift for christmas and very well received . it comes with great characters and was a fun set to put together .
my granddaughter is into the beanie boos . i ordered this one for her to clip onto her backpack . she loves it .
i chose this because my granddaughter loves to pretend to cook and her favorite color is pink . this came very fast and is of very good quality /
my daughter got it as a gift . she loves it and it is a good quality . she picked them out to go with another gift .
a lot bigger than i expected and my son loves it he is 11 and loves to draw ! gonna buy another one in the future !
great stacking toy ! it looks neat and is very sturdy ! good for comparing sizes and for learning there are different shades of colors .
my daughter loves mh dolls and this one was another addition to her collection of dolls . absolutely adorable doll ! outfit is cute !
it was a bit smaller than i had imagined , but i guess that's my fault for not reading the dimensions .
my daughter loved this she finished it in one day ! ! she loves crafts like this and would love to have more !
it's a good toy , very realistic . but it has a problem . his mask is very weak for children . it's a pity .
these were in my 2 year old's easter basket and he loves them . they are colorful and durable and would be great for kids of all ages .
our 7 yr old and 12 yr old love playing this game , and it's perfectly fine for us to play along
so fun to watch little kids dig into exploring dinosaurs with this kit ! it's a great gift for any child !
my 8 year old had tons of fun with the challenge of putting it together . he plays with it everyday .
this is a good buy for the price--well made and fits well with other wooden tracks--could use some descending and ascending pieces though
meets all expectations and is worth the price . immediate joy for the little one who received . durable lego duplo product .
my daughter loves this collection . it can be used with any of the lego sets she has , for boys or girls .
great clips . my kids love to make necklaces and these are easy for them to attach the rubber bands to
my daughter loves her unicorn stuffie . it is so cute . it has several hidden pockets to stuff stuff into . also soft and cuddly .
great product for my 6 and 2 year old granddaughters . they love to play with them with their kitchen and little boys like them too .
this was bought for a birthday present for a 6 y / o . she loved it . she ended up vacuuming during the party . very cute !
the creatures from this castle and the castle all interact a very nice quality . hammer does not stay put however .
we enjoyed ordering all of these fisher-price little people disney klip klop's . my granddaughter loves playing with them . doesn't take much imagination to enjoy the set .
my son is in taekwondo class and he just loves this to practice his hits and kicks on ! great for the price . best price i could find !
my 7 year old daughter loves this game ! my 5 year old struggles a bit with the concepts ... but she loves playing it , too !
we thought this was one of the better chuggington wooden railway add-on cars ! it definitely is musical . very cool , grandkids loved it !
purchased this for my grandson as an addition to his teenage mutant ninja turtle set . he loves this shellraiser . i would recommend this toy .
i purchased these as treasure for my son's pirate birthday party . they are cheap but they work perfect and you can't beat the price .
perfect for the 6 and up crowd and a great imaginative toy . allows for developing skills and starts a great collection that can be played with for hours .
my daughter was thrilled to get this . it was a really affordable way for her to get the whole set .
my 4 year old grandson loved this book . he really likes the crayola color wonder . it was a great present .
cute doll family , made of wood . durable and great for a toddler . could be collectable ! i would recommend this product !
grand daughter loves this jake and the never land pirates 7 pc play set.she is one happy little girl .
great figure ! highly detailed . cool accessories , including penguin's signature umbrella and a cigar . removable hat . great addition to any arkham city fans collection .
have had these over a year and use them weekly . they are great for little hands , wash up well , and have held up .
these are so great ! our little ones love to play with them in the bath . my only complaint is that we need more .
this is a great set of tools for the money . even though they are plastic , they seem like they will hold up .
a 21 month old child took to it immediately and accomplished the task within 15 minutes with no help whatsoever .
made a wonderful gift so i bought more to have handy for gifts so easy for any age child to use and no mess
nicely made , a lot of fun to play with and easy to carry , everything fits inside the bucket ! ice cream cone anyone ?
my daughter just turned 3 and loves minnie boutique . she can easily navigate through the game . i'm very happy with this purchase .
this is a great and entertaining game for toddlers that are fans of toy story . little mini games that keep them busy and learning .
this is a great safe kid friendly family game . our family has enjoyed playing this one . see who can take over the most tracks and win .
the toy looks just like chika she squeeks and that's about it . fun to have to sleep with at night for my 2 year old .
this is a great set that includes a person , animals , a car and a barn . plenty of fun for your little one ! !
bought extras rockets to go with the launcher as a gift to account for lost rockets . they were reasonable and identical to the rockets that came with the launcher
my 2 year old grandson loves trucks and he is rough on them . these are very sturdy and fun to play with .
fun game it was given as a present for my cousins daughter . she love and enjoy the game pretty much .
5 battery make my heli fly about 35 minutes , that is awsome and have more fun time to fly my heli .
gift for my husband , great set , fun . he liked it . i love the wompa figure , partly why i bought it .
i haven't seen my gift being used yet , but i'm thinking i should be a good thing for this little guy .
it was given as a gift to a 7 - yr old girl and she got busy right away decorating it . cute and sturdy .
gives the child a choice of creativity and imagination beyond the original colors . good for both boys and girls . would recommend .
great toy , sturdy enough for my rough little boy . just like buzz from the movie . great sounds and very fun to play with .
i bought this for my great nephew as a christmas present because his father didn't want him to have any girly toys .
she loves her dora toys so much she carries them everywhere and looks for them to take with her or while watching her shows .
purchased this for my great-granddaughter for easter . she is a huge barbie fan so she will love it ... super nice gift .
these are great for little ones just learning to cut , but they really do not cut well . expect to replace them with a new set soon .
got this small pirate set to got with the imaginext pirate ship for my grandson & he loves them ! thanks !
i needed an indoor structure for my nephew this fit the budget and the size is not large for a townhouse
these stuffed characters are absolutely adorable and my 11 month old son absolutely loved them ! they are soft and well worth the price .
my kids 10 and 7 love these but wal-mart sells them for $ 8.99 . see if you can find them there first .
i highly recommend this toy . all children love animals and it is a great way to learn colors ! ! !
this is a great game for kids to increase their visual perception . it is also a great for all kids .
nice horse plush looks like a real horse and can stand up . its quite small , smaller than the aurora horse plush .
this is such a sweet set . it is the complete nativity scene and was awesome for my children to set up .
wow ! great toy ~ there are so many things to do with the toy , hours of entertainment . i wish it would come with one more friend .
my daughter loves the wonder pets so she loved these and we also used them for decoration at her one year birthday party .
fun and good price . my kids enjoyed these . they went well with the light sabre cup cake picks we got with them .
love thomas trains . we have an off brand track ... carl the conductor . our son loves his trains they work great on our tracks .
great durable product easy to setup but not so easy to take down my girls love it an play in it all the time and its still in one piece
my 8yrs old son was just interested in the glow in the dark skeleton horse and the purple moon rock .
before it got punctured and the whole thing deflated ... no idea where the hole is ! it should have separate rings ..
my kids love this game . if you've played minecraft it's the same so i would definitely recommend it . great price ...
super cute - seemingly durable versions of the adult tools . my daughter cannot wait to have our garden this year so she can help ! !
i ordered this for my son for christmas and it was just what i wanted ! i would deff order again !
my son loves lego hero factory . he has fun mixing up the different heroes and creating his own . durable . just what you would expect from lego
bought as a most wanted on holiday gift list-both enjoy the secret parts / key & lock , privacy--very well made & durable
ordered as a christmas gift for my son who loves these puzzles . i'm sure he will be excited to check them out !
like new jacob doll - still in the box not opened yet . nice tattoo and face . i collect native american dolls of all kinds !
purchased two sets for my two and four year olds great set with different size brushes . my kids love it and i think it was a good purchase .
my son loves backhoes and this one is very realistic looking . it is metal but isn't all that heavy . i'm impressed
my son loved this ! he loved that the cars light up and he was so excited to get it . it shipped and arrived so quick !
yes - - buy this ! it's a must-have for any little one with an even littler sister or brother . wonderful idea - - thanks m & d !
my son loved receiving this game for christmas . great addition to his original munchkin game . would recommend for anyone who loves to play board games .
the republic frigate is a really nice looking set . the design is great , the instructions are easy to follow , and the mini-figs are well done !
fun theme and difficult to beat ! the cards are long and thin , which can be a little off-putting . other than that , pretty fun little game !
these are smaller than i expected and cheaply made . unfortunately i have nothing good to say about this set . :(
it's a cute wiennie dog ! ! ! and it makes a funny noise and it can demonstrate a low and high sound for the kids .
great son loved if .. likes it how u cn play games through the book . it's great would recommend it to others
this toy was exactly what i have been looking for , my son is going to be over joyed on christmas .
this was a gift for my grandchildren for christmaslooked like fun and would help keep them quiet for awhile
i love lego friends for my older girls . they have so much fun putting the sets together with each other and this particular set was really fun !
bought this for my nieces 1st bday . love all the different little " bugs " . recommend this for any child boy or girl .
my daughter loved having cinderella to go along with her klip klop playset . cinderella and her horse are both very cute !
really cut and the shoes are included . i purchased two and both girls love it . i would recommend to anyone .
good for creative kids and parents as a do together project . my daughter loved making her own stories , and was very proud of them !
millie ! great surprise from santa to have millie under the tree . goes well with the king of the railway movie .
my granddaughter loves her doggie . it hangs on her backpack and she takes it everywhere . i am very happy with my purchase
not much to say - i needed a set for my multimeter , and these did the trick . they've held up nicely with no problems .
well designed & priced dolls that add hours of implemented fun to imagitive play for the young & young at heart ( & quality for collectors as well ) .
the stickers look nice but the paper is too flimsy . so it's very hard for kids to handle , tears too easily . i would not buy again .
my niece and nephew have thoroughly enjoyed this kit . it does require adult assistance but is great . they are 5 & 7
my granddaughter loves this car , it is much bigger than the barbie car and functions the same , she spends hours playing with her monster high dolls .
my son had a great time building it . instructions were clear and moving parts work very well . great for long periods of play .
he loves figurines for dc and marvel , i got the set at a great price to match his dc superheroes we can be heroes set .
my daughter loved it and since she will be the one using it to help potty train ... that delighted me ! thanks
great accompy to hold all the dolls clothes that she has . now we just need a closet big enough to hold it all !
my kids love racing the horses down the ramps . we love it because it is mobile , noise making fun with no batteries .
this one is done right , excellent sculpting perfect size and weight . there isnt much that i can tell falls short with this figure , .
this is just what my granddaughter wanted and has enjoyed playing with it . she is a collector of all these creatures .
it is lots of fun . great for kids and geeky adults ( i fall in that category ) . definitely worth buying . go on buy it .
i bought this for my granddaughter who loves fairies . she loved it ! i can't really rate it as i gave it as a gift .
great game for 6 and up . not for 4 year olds . glad we have this in our arsenal for grandkids .
great gift idea for my little 3 year old . he received it for christmas . it's about 2.5 feet long folded up nicely . could travel if needed .
really like the stomp rocket . my kids is almost 3 and loves to launch the rockets . overall the rockets are very durable .
my son suggested i get this for my granddaughter as i did not know which game to get - great idea
we have not opened it yet as it is a bday gift for my son . i love wooden toys as they seem to last longer .
classic horror enthusiasts will love this series . solid , good detail , and good likeness to the real characters . i highly recommend this series .
highly realistic , highly small snakes that are more educational than scary.miniature representations of much larger snakes . okay if your space is limited .
this is a pretty nice doll if you like jake and the neverland pirates . the order came fast and the doll works well .
this little tool set is really cute . i like that the tools have the words written on them . ex . saw , philips , etc .
smaller than i thought but the quality is so good i don't mind . a lot of attention is put into the details .
this is a really cool novelty game ! it looks beautiful displayed in the room . and it is super fun to play !
yes i would recommend purchasing this with the rody horse because it is needed to blow him up but the material is kinda cheap and flimsy otherwise good ! !
these loom rubber bands were of good quality . they were much cheaper than buying at the store , and i like how you can get each color separately .
fully recommended . it's a very durable toy and its only flaw is the flight time .. you always want more and more :)
my children love the melissa and doug products ! all of them help my kids learn and they have such fun with the products !
educativo , buena calidad para niñas , lo que más gusta es la calidad , se lo recomendé a los amigos
received it as a birthday gift for my 1 yr old and it really keeps her busy , its fisher price quality
we play this almost every day , and my daughter is really learning the cards and working on her counting and motor skills . great product for youg kids .
the product is great because we are lego fans . the packaging is great but when my son open the item the corner of the one plate was damage .
not amazing , but really cute for small children , especiallly for the price ! great addition to " dress up " clothes or even for a costume !
grandaughter received as christmas gift . she enjoys using it . good alternative to all the electronic games and devices she has .
my nephew had this and my son that time was almost 2 . he played with this for hours so i got him one at home .
a great educational way for the kids to play and learn how to use the new electronic gadgates . they would play all day if allowed to .
this is a fun family game and it met our expectations for purchasing it . we are getting lots of playing time with it .
this is a great doll for toddlers up . cute and well made . i know my niece will enjoy this doll for a long time to come .
alex loop n loomgreat gift for my 10yr old .. i am overloaded with potholders though .. keeps her very busy
my 3yr old absolutely loves this guy . super fun , has spent hours playing with it . i will definitely be purchasing more melissa and doug puzzles .
my kids love this toy and they love that it completes their halloween costume . they love the power rangers and this is a prop in their imaginative play .
it's a cute little action figure , nothing particulary special about it ... for the price it would be nice if it was a little bigger .
if your child likes dinosaurs you can't go wrong with this . it has been read over and over and enjoyed each time .
the only drawback is that the regular bricks won't hook on here but the plates are so inexpensive its not a big problem.you can't beat the lego systems .
this falls apart easily and the pieces can be lost . cute and daughter liked it .
i ordered this for my grandson who is 5 years old for christmas . he lives on a cattle farm , so i got the cow popper .
the bracelets look very nice if you use one of these charms , my 8 years old dauthter is really happy to use them
grandson who is 5 wanted this . it is perfect for a little one . the bigger ones are to complicated for his age
my girl is 3 and it's a little to old for her she is not a big fan of it .
i enjoy watching the series i enjoy collecting the figures . and this one is definitely one of the best figure out there
these are cute xray prints . perfect for children to learn anatomy . these have great detail . perfect for the little future vet .
i bought this for my great niece for christmas to go along with the other little people toys that i bought her .
this guy knows when we are on the way to karaoke cuz he starts singing ! he rocks the table when we sing anddelights everyone there . so fun .
covers our leappad 2 game well . helps for when the games accidentally dropped . works as a procetor . girls like the pink / purple color .
product seemed to be a good buy . it was purchased for a grandson for christmas . can't give any other rating .
this set is perfect for my toddler and a good price . arrived quickly and is exactly as pictured . i would purchase again .
i purchased this set for my grandchildren to play with at grandma's house . they now play pizza parlor and have lots of fun
so glad that lego is now making legos for girls . my grand daughter is so creative with the lego sets .
plenty of pieces . some are small so you have to keep watch they aren't put in a mouth . would recommend these .
excellent buy . this will be going to a little girl who won't be getting too much for christmas this year . she is going to be thrilled !
along with the corresponding play set this makes a great toy . entertains my niece for hours . lots of imaginative play time . i recommend this .
this game is the world of angry birds ... but in the real world ! ! my kids have so much fun with it and recommend it enough .
my daughter love her lambie . is kind a small but really , really cute and pretty . is soft and really white :)
my baby loves cars and he was very excited and plays this game all the time ... it works on mobigo 2 just fine
i would recommend this to anyone with small age children who love to bathe ! my grandkids love it so much that it's ready to use each bath time
the little boy plays with it daily . the puzzle is well made and entertaining . so what more can i ask for ?
i bought these doll tights for my granddaughters american girls doll . good price , not as expensive as the american girls doll clothes . quick delivery ,
perfect for my 3 year old ! he loves it . the bottom is nice and wide for him to balance on it . easy to put together .
my son has enjoyed this lots . it's seen better days but has been a great gift for him to learn and grow .
i don't know much about this . it was on my granddaughter's wish list so i bought it . she seems to enjoy it
we love this game , it is fun and easy to learn . i like that you can add on to make this work for larger games .
this was sooooo cute and my 6 year old daughter loved it ! great christmas gift and she was in love instantly !
bought this game after playing dutch blitz which we love . it is actually just as fun . my kids like it a little better .
this was a gift for my grand-daughter that loves dinosaurs - she was pleased , therefore i am , also ! ! thank you .
the colours and features are very good . size is as described . very beautiful balloon . a must for any sofia party .
this fit great with the american doll . my daughter liked them as well . i just wish that 3 came to the pack
this toothpick is much too large to get between my tightly packaged teeth . next time i will just purchase a box of toothpicks or perhaps some floss .
was going to include in stockings ; but the item is so poorly made and looks so cheap ; decided to trash them .
they looked great at the party . gave the theme a little umph since it has the polka dots . none of them popped .
got his for my 4 year-old grandson for christmas and he loves it--we have to set a timer to make him put it down and do other activities .
these are really built good and sturdy very good colors done to perfict color very neat hair styles . i would recomend them to buy for your kids .
my son really wanted a power rangers sword for christmas . i selected this one , but do not recommend it . it is junk .
easy to work and great way to lean nursery rhymes . they also have these in pink or purple for girls
the baby loved this book , he could use it himself , it is colorful and the music is enchanting he plays with it all the time .
merry christmas to our son , who enjoys watching food network with us . now go make mommy a sandwich !
very powerful for the finest of detail work . i can understand why jewelers use glasses like these . you can see really close .
my something really enjoys his vehicle i had one of the child he has one as a child very good perfect purchase for a toddler
super cool , sturdy and they worked . my five year old still plays with it a couple of days . thanks so much .
purchased with some other polly pocket items and glad i did . those dolls are so small and you need something to contain them .
kids like games . bought a plug in so don't have to use batteries . i got it when it was $ 27 , right before christmas 2013 .
she is very pretty . but her purse and sunglasses can get lost very easily love her hair very easy to brush , from a 10yr old
granddaughter loved it for christmas . i was on her list so she just loves it . well made and will last for years .
what little boys don't like trains , and it goes for this one too . they play with this all the time and love it .
hide the coins inside or outside . whomever finds the most coins wins a prize . bought this along with the treasure chest .
absolutely love these books . they were enlarged so the numbers could be read better and the kids loved them . some of the pictures are over 1200 dots .
grandson loves this toy and the fact that it talks ! great toy ! would highly recommend for toddlers great toy for litttle hands to grasp
great little army man set , i love that it comes in a box that you can store all of the pieces in . fun gift to give
if you love kirby then you need to get this plush . it's feet are sturdy so that it stands up . can't beat the price it is awesome .
i'm not sure who loves it more ... me or my nepheew ! it has multiple voice changers and the batteries surprising long lasting .
thought this was awesome , but after a few months the paint started chipping off so i had to throw them away . would not buy again .
i got this for a outfit for my neices doll she has because this is the style she wears . they now match . looks cute .
with it came with more that on lps toy ... but over all wonderful ty for my girl 7 and 5
my niece loved this gift . so cute and will be so useful for her new barbie dolls , clothing and accessories .
i bought them for my birthday's youngest daughter , unfortunately we did not use them , so i can not qualify them yet
everything is adorable . the only thing i wish is that the inside of shiver's bed was plush or they gave him a matching blanket !
this is a great smock but it is huge and drowns our 2 year old . had to roll the sleeves up 3 times to fit on his wrists .
well made and durable . my kids love this doll and its holding up alot better then other toys i've purchased
i got this as a gift for my nephew and it worked out well ; no complaints on my end . a nice product , overall .
full replacement set - same quality as original parts . the price is so dirt cheap i bought two full sets .
she not only works the puzzle every morning when she wakes up , she plays with the animals , and sets them up for tea parties .
this is a great software for learning how to play games , follow instructions , create your own stories & it is fun fo all ages !
my 11 and 13 year olds love this . it has not caused us any problems . appears to be well built . i highly recommend it .
i bought this for one of my young grandson's for christmas . my older grandson also enjoyed playing with it christmas day while he was here .
these are sturdy , strong and so much better than the brushes you usually find in paint boxes . really good for little ones just starting to paint .
great mind game ! we gave these out as xmas present to kids in the family and they all seemed to really like them
i bought this for my grandaughter . i know she is going to love these . my sisters had these when we were little .
i'm not melissa & doug's biggest fan , but this little set is pretty awesome . my daughter loves the magnetized tops !
my nephew is batman's number one fan and already had the batman cave . he loved his joker's house and will get many hours of fun from it .
i love all of the melissa & doug toys . you can not beat the quality for the price . these toys will stand the test of time .
great toy for boys ! they float really well . they very durable ! very cute . great product . would recommend to any little boy !
does not work . had to return it . also purchased one for another child as a gift--stopped working also .
we bought this for my nephew and my 15 year old son wanted to keep them ! they are really fun and cool !
i love it . it is just the right size for my grandson . he is learning about various trucks he sees .
could be a little sturdier but it should last until they are tired of it . worth more than price . word required
when you purchase the nerf n-strike jolt blased , make sure th purchase the refill pack . you can't have too may darts
this was a bit smaller than i expected , which means i didn't pay attention to the description . otherwise just great !
love it . it works for long time bought it for my son . a great thing for kids to play with .
fun and great train henery and green is my favorite color . i am going through a craze of collecting these fun trains .
the electronic edition is very fun.since money and assets are keptdigitally , it is a time saver.great forfamily game night !
gave this to my granddaughter who is 9 for a gift . she loves it . i haven't played it myself but i'm pleased that she is enjoying it .
this house looks cute and is built well but i dont see that there is much to do there , its small inside and very little stuff ,
grandkids ( ages 4 and 6 ) love this game . it makes them laugh and is entertaining .
a joke , don't even waste your money , the pieces are cheaply made and just crap it's not even worth $ 1
ok , who does not like a little nerf shooter . it is just fun for all . i have only the best comments .
my son love's all angry b ! rds toys . great packaging and sending it on time for christmas . marry christmas to you all at commonwealth toy .
i really like this card game . it challenged your visual observation abilities while playing with others.since i played acuity , this became a familiar toy .
awesome toy , a hit with my 3 yr old ! he loves to push it around the house , pretending to make some rescues .
my attitude towards all action figures includes all of them . the kids love them but i don't and therefore the less than enthusiastic rating .
a friend recommended this game ! lots of fun on a game night ! it's a hit ! i recommend this game and seller !
my little ones love playing with this . even i like to play with it to hear the sounds . it's so entertaining
great teaching toy as well as fun ... we gave it as a gift last year , it's still one of the favorites .
i have many games from this company , but this one just didn't hold my granddaughters attention . the props are cute though .
my son loved the toy but the head of the robot stopped popping up when transforming ... disappointed in the quality of this
this toy is a favorite toy . our three sons enjoy playing spy together and this is a favorite accessory .
this game comes in spurts with us . we love it and will play it like crazy for awhile then leave it and come back .
my 3 year old loves this breakfast food . it is durable and realistic enough to keep her interested . a good value .
this lego set is awesome . it arrived fast and it was just what i had ordered . my son is very happy ! !
frustratingly-addicting ! we have 3 of these and love them all . great for anyone . my son beats us every time we play .
definately my favorite character to play with , me and the kids have a blast . then again i am a big kid so i reccomend them
our girls love these huge coloring books . all of our daughters love princesses , so these books were perfect for them !
this doll was ordered for my daughter . she really likes everything that has to do with monster high dolls . this item arrived quickly after it was ordered .
this classic magic wand is good if the child has imagination or needs a costume prop . it's okay for young , beginner magicians .
purchased as a gift for my niece.she and her sister played it the next day and said it was fun .
this book is so fun ! i've loved color by numbers since i was little , and this is challenging enough to make it fun !
i bought this as a gift for a friend . it's nice and small and will easily fit into a pocket .
this little monster is just the cutest and has to be one of my favorite webkinz stuffies . it was surprisingly much larger than i was expecting
sounds funny , but sometimes like a fast food hamburger , the photo simply does not match the product received . however this lil guy looks awesome !
fun quick game for a couple of people ! if too many people play it can get very boring waiting for you turn to come around .
nice to have a female with all of the thomas the train sets . rosie does the job , and the boys like her too !
my 6 year old and his friends love the game . same as on other systems but decent graphics . good addition to the lego family .
would not recommend this . disappointed with the product . it was used 1 time if that and set aside . oh well .
great doll and very creative , nice to see brunette fairy dolls , love her shoes and her hair is perfect . wish she had fashionista legs at least .
very cheaply made and didnt work to pump up my sons bounce ball . very disappointed in the quality . i would not recomend .
the kids loved playing with these , they were easy to assemble and the variety was fantastic . great product for the price .
this doll is well made and beautiful . the wrists , knees , and ankles bend to pose her for archery . another must-have for your little princess .
got this for my grandkids , they have beat the heck out of it and it is lasting very well . they really seem to love it !
neat toy for the ipad , the kids love to drive it around and do the activities around town . the car also has headlights on the ipad .
what can be better than fart noise makers at a boys 10th birthday party ? big hit . would buy again . a +
the centaur and lizard guy races are great additions . the new class enhancers are pretty nice too .
young children do not like it but my 11 year old grandson loves it . now to keep him from taking it to school and giving to the teacher .
high quality toy for a very reasonable price . a year later and he is still in great shape from my two boys playing with them in the theatre .
this is a super cute and fashionable doll outfit purchased for an ag doll . fits the ag doll just fine !
this decoset was perfect for the birthday cake and party theme ! very easy to use and made cakedecorating a breeze .
no complaints about this junior-sized drum set . it fits ages 5-9 very well and is a good beginner's introduction to the world of drumming .
my daughter loved playing with these when we first got them , but like so many other toys , the thrill dies out just like the batteries over time .
darling and cheap compared to american girl , i bought 3 pairs and pjs to go with .. absolutely love this vendor and purchased skating outfits also and loved
polka dot pink furby stands out among my other furbies . it also appears slightly taller , but it could be a parallax error .
it's great for kids who love " blue's clue's " , she is just the right size to bring along on any outing .
this is a beautiful dress but it does not stay on the barbie . it really needs to have straps added to it to be practical .
my great-niece loved this , but be sure to buy some glue because the stand that hold the cupcakes to the base does not stay together and wobbles .
got this for the oldest mid , she loves it and its a lot bigger and nicer than the last cheap tutu we got for her .
this doll is very pretty . she isn't very bendy or cuddly but she is very pretty and my child loves cinderella .
my little baby first toy and she like it , she loves the songs and help her on identify animals sounds and like to play it
little girl likes princess toy , who knew ? these are good quality toys . no small parts that she could choke on .
makes for a terrible prom date but i guess the cards are good for throwing at the nerds table during lunch .
like most melissa & doug products , this is a great quality product . nice white paper ( not the newsprint used by cheaper colouring books ) .
my 2 and 4 year old will spend hours with this . once they learned how to tie the baloons themselves , it was on ! ! !
worth every penny ! my baby plays with it every day ! many buttons and functions it excises baby's skill a lot
this is a good puppet . it is very good quality and not to expensive like some others that i looked at . they are also very cute .
wonderful for little ones ! keeps their fingers working hard to place the stickers properly ! my granddaughters adore them and look forward to new ones !
personally i think the beyblade series is an ok series , but too expensive , doesn't provide many valuable time for children .
my 1 year old daughter loves playing with these blocks . i like the material that they are made from . it allows the blocks to stack easily .
was a winner as little 2 year old great grandson learning to mow lawn already and haven't even used the bubbles yet .
i would give 5 stars in the calendar inserts were laminated or tougher . otherwise good product . my little one likes changing weather and adding the dates .
my daughter had hours of fun with this product , really brings out their creative side and the markers didn't dry out like most cheap ones do
barely madei it ouf of the box . still loves this after a year.wish it came in a carry case though instead came cardboard box
love this doll her hair is so pretty and she is cute the shipper is good too would recomend this
purchased these for my grandson for christmas to go with the melissa and doug medivial castle that i purchased on black friday .
good price and great colors for replacement rubber bands for the never ending craft of making rubber band loom bracelets
i ordered another box of these figures so that my 4 grandchildren can play together . they loved the assessories and the jewels .
these are good for party favors , but won ' last a long long time , but are a enjoyment to play with would buy again .
this was a gift for my husband and he loved showing the kids how it works . he helped them take turns playing with it .
i got this one as a birthday present for my 4 year old grandson and he loves it . thank you so much
my grandson loves legos and loves super heros so here is a set that captures both his favorites . you did it again
for only $ 1.99 , free shipping you cant beat that for barbie doll shoes . look about as real as any other barbie brand doll shoes .
i gave this to my son with some treats for halloween . lego products are always great . would buy it again .
my daughter went crazy for her airplane . i love that the wings are attached with stretchy string that collapses.hape makes great products !
my son absolutely loves this puzzle and does it again and again ! takes up space and great for the hardwood floor !
i ordered these and other superhero rings for my sons party . these are round rings and the kids loved them .
this is a great gift for a boy . my grand son loved it and i am sure he will have a lot of fun with it .
the logging truck only comes with 3 logs . this make it so the truck has a fuller load . bruder makes great trucks ;
this is the 5th vtech reader software for my daughter . i am hoping it works good for my daughter . thank you so much .
these are the best potholder loops . worth the extra money . great colors , perfect size , make great potholders that you can actually use !
my grandson loves this chef set . every time someone is cooking he has to wear it . we have had hours of fun with pretend play as well .
super cute ~ ! i think my two year old son will love it ( from santa ) . very well made ! durable and well worth the money !
even for just 2 people ( and certainly for more ) , and even if you're not that familiar with disney ! ( like me ! )
we love this water table . in fact , it's our second one . having 5 grandchildren under 3 years of age makes this a perfect summer time activity !
arrived when promised .. in excellent condition , looks awesome with my other wd figurines . mcfarlane always deliver when promised not like others i have ordered from .
this is a great party game , as long as no one is particularly sensitive . this is the second small expansion to the original cards against humanity .
well its a lego board so it speaks for itself . i wish they made these bigger but still gives a good enough area to build on .
these were awesome . they come individually packaged , easy to put together and a steal for the price . awesome for party favors or classroom goodie boxes .
my foster kids love this bus ! the only problem is the doors that open are not very durable and have broken ...
my daughter loves this cat , plays with it all the time . the on / off switch is easy to hit to make it stop . very soft .
i and my daughter had lot of fun fixing it.my 5 year old could complete with little help . very clear instructions and cool fire truck .
so the review online and wanted to get something with fireman for my nephew that loves them . it was the right gift
great barbie at a great price ! ! ! great quality and my daughter loves playing with it and brushing her hair ! a good deal !
didn't you love these as a kid ? a cool addition to any goody bag . i would recommend this product .
my daughter is 19 months old and these are great for her little hands . they are really easy for her to hold and she enjoys playing with them .
love melissa and doug products and this did not disappoint . my niece loves dance and crafts so these will make a perfect gift .
both of my boys love this board . they are two and five . it's a good size to use in the car or at home .
excellant learning tool.bought for a gift for grand baby she loves it.good quality made well.great learning tool.great sale and service amazon does it right.thanx again
bought this for my grandson and he loves it . he plays with it all the time , it makes all kinds of noises like a real engine .
arrived in a timely fashion . product was already assembled . makes a great solar " pet " for all ages . exactly as described .
my daughters loved this . got it a few years back and it is still in use today and still played with pretty regularly .
like all melissa and doug toys this does not disappoint . the food is adorable and well made . a great buy and on amazon a great price too .
they are nice but didn't fit my kids hands well 2/5 / 6 years old . would fit an adults hand much better .
my grandson loves the super heroes and these were great to add to his collection . i would recommend this for fun .
my grandsons wanted this for exercise , they love it and it is challenging , a good coordination tool , works as described .
i actually got this for my husband since he loves sock monkeys so much :) he really liked it a lot .
perfect for my 2 year old grand-nephew who loves to color . color wonder is a great product . you don't have to worry about where they are coloring .
i always will check out " melisa and doug " when i need a gift for a child . they make a quality product .
my 3 year old loves this . he calls it his magic pencil and i will buy more for other kids in the family for christmas this year .
these are some of the coolest action figures . my son loves the dragon . he is collection the whole set . they are really sturdy and well made .
fun size . very colorful . eye catching . i am happy with this purchase and would recommend it to a friend or neighbor .
my son ( 2.5 years old ) loves to play with it . plugs the stethoscope in his ears and says ' take a deep breath mommy ' :)
when not pump up enough air it tend to sag real fast unstable on a car ; et floor no grip so the child can fall quite easily .
perfect game for a cars fan , but the math is a little to challenging for my 4 year old . doesn't stop him from trying , though !
purchased this for my 5 year old granddaughter who was studying different countries and cultures in pre kindergarten . she really enjoyed putting the puzzle together .
i got this for my niece , and she has yet to stop playing with it . she is obsessed with dressing her up !
adorable as the picture my eight year old loves it . would purchase this again have had a positive experience orderring all the monster high dolls .
christmas gift , so not used yet , but grandchild is in the dinosaur phase so i am sure he will love it
love this for my hot wheels collection . its cute and sturdy . brings me joy to own it and its a lovely find .
what a great idea for our elf corndog and my daughter . she loves to cook and with this ensemble it makes holiday baking that much sweeter .
love this toy . my daughter loves donuts . so we have a lot of fun making up different types of donuts
just bought these and they look great in my collection on the wall next to the walking dead books collection i also and reading / building .
this was a requested gift for a birthday . amazon makes purchasing and finding a great wayto shop for items .
the second expansion continues to expand an already fun game without spoiling the fun possibilities . a worthy addition to the giggle fest .
my little granddaughter loved the doll . it was a really good buy . the doll is pretty and a perfect size for a toddler
i think this works ok . not something my kids ever used more than once though i don't believe . just ok
my kids love this game they play it often . it was shipped in a timely manor and my kids enjoyed it for the holiday .
i purchased two for my grandsons and thought they were really nice . i would purchase them again , and would recomend them to anyone .
my 18 month old loved to stack and nest the cups . parts are very compact to take along . great learning toy !
its smaller than i expected but very cute . my 3 year old daughter loves it very much . perfect with the dora dall i got .
i woud recommend this product to those buying for american girl dolls--kids love the cute and fluffy slippers . thank you . l
this guy looks pretty cool on display . however he is a bit top heavy and a little hard to pose because of it . overall , not bad .
this coloring book has provided hours of creativity and entertainment . i color in this book while watching tv to give my hand something to do .
very fun toy . makes a lot of noise and keeps babies attention . i do wish there was a volume adjustment option option though . easy assembly
these keep my kids ( 1-10 ) busy for hours . the experiments are easy to put together but with exciting results . i am thrilled with this product .
classic toy i wanted my daughter to have , but seems a little pricey . always a fun toy you get to use your imagination with .
never thought my five year old would have so much fun in lecture . wish i had one of these in my days . thumbs up !
great colors ! some parents wanted to take one home as much as the kids did . i shopped around and the price is also very fair .
got this for my son who is a huge anything batman fan ! very durable to play with . no pieces fall off either !
these are small , but very cute ! i gave them to my daycare kids with a monster books . they all loved them .
this puzzle is all wooden and is made very well so the pieces and puzzle will not ruin easily . my nephew loves the animals .
keeps your mind busy with thousands of possibilites ! from 5 - 95 years old , the q-ba-maze is interesting and thought provoking .
i am very happy with my purchase of tracks for train . it will be a great gift , for my grandsons .
great indoor game to practice coordination skills . animals are well made and cute . she was very happy unwrapping this one for christmas
these wooden grocery items will hold up i think to our active 3 year old granddaughter . nice and sturdy . she like them and so does grandma .
it was a christmas present for my 2 yr old from his grandma . we love it but it falls apart extremely easy .
my 22 months old loves his blue . the size is perfect , it is very well made , soft and cute.we ' re very happy with the purchase .
this was a gift for my 7 year old granddaughter . she enjoys playing the game and was thrilled to get the stuff toy to play with .
the small birds are fun and hold up well . they are thrown all over . they are soft and bright . good quality .
that all i can really say . fun , simple . quick . great game to play in between to break games that are long .
he loves playing with these in thebath tub . has lots of funhasn't started squeezing the water out of the trains or boat
my little one loves this toy but as the disks spin they spin very fast and it cut his finger .
i bought this for a co-workers 2 year old boy . it looked cool but the voice is somewhat creepy . my 2 year old doesn't like it .
this is a simply , fun party game in the spirit of apples to apples . you'll be able to enjoy playing it but need not give complete concentration .
this is a beautiful action figure that belongs in a display case instead of a playful , i . e . destructive , 4 - year old .
this product is a must have for any little boy that is into diego the animal rescuer ! they are sure to love it !
my grandson loves disney's jake and the never land prirates and was really happy to receive the light up tick toc croc
my grandson is very crazy about dinosaurs . so when i gave him this he was very excited about and wanted to play with it right away
this stuff is very messy but the kids liked it . so we ol used it in restaurants where it was someone else's mess . lol
got this for my 2 year old ... he loves the book . he's picked up pretty quickly on how the game works . good , solid game .
these seem to work perfectly for the bracelets . didn't detect any quality issues . would get these again for the price .
it is a little difficult to figure out how to fly it . but after some practice we got the hang of it . thanks !
the cart is flimsy .. does not hold the items .. could not put the handle on the broom ... total waste of money . very unhappy
my granddaughter was thrilled to get the flower power light show . that's all that matters to me . :) judith hays
this lil set is amazingly realistic ... i purchased for my grandson for christmas cant wait to give it to him ... very prompt service thank you so much
grandson loved his robots . i should have bought them all . these guys are pretty cute and fun to play with .
this is one of those games where the more people you have playing , the more fun it gets . brilliant game !
mine did not come with batteries ... was kinda a pain to put batteries in . pretty cute , daughter seems to like it .
great toy , great sounds bought for my one year grandson he loves it . i would recommend this toy to anyone .
exactly what i was looking for . great price for a new product my boys love these toys and i can keep adding to their collection thanks to amazon .
the 2 - yr old loved playing with his pirate ship on christmas day chasing his big brother all around the house like a pirate .
we gave this toy to my cousin who was three at christmas and she still plays with it a year later . this is great for learning .
my 3 year old daughter really enjoys grilling like daddy ! it was so easy to put together , plus there is tons of storage space !
this is an excellent toy , very well built and offers great depth of electronic experiments . it is one of the best toys we ever bought for our daughter
my son recently got into it and this was the perfect solution . added a beyblade stadium and he absolutely loves it .
this is a good choice for adding the glow to any halloween event , not only for the bracelets , but just to add to different decorations
my daughter loves all the designs in this pack and had a ton of fun with it . very easy to use .
inexpensive and works great on our table . animals don't stay put but in all fairness , he likes to crash them . lol
if your girls is obsessed with sofia then there is no better gift than the royal family with king , queen , sofia , james and amber
loved it ! it was so much fun and my kids never got bored . they wanted to play it all night . easy set up and clean up .
very sturdy , well made , realistic product . i have no doubt these will hold up for yrs . looking forward to playing with them
lots of noise to keep my son entertained . sings , talks , makes car noises . does it all for the most part .
i got the right color to do my bracelets and other things i need . tried of michaels dose not carry the right colors i need
chailrey love this game and she was playing with it when we gave it to her on xmas last year
grandson will enjoy this set once he receives it for his birthday along with the other 7 or 8 that i got , he really loves lego's .
perfect like any other planes die cast of mattel , great for the entire collection of mattel planes , great quality , great size .
we have not played with this too much but it seems like a good sturdy useful and fun toy . its good for building and shape play
what an adorable little backpack ! my brother had me pick this up for his daughter for him ! my niece adores it !
i bought these for my two nephews . they loved them as did all of their friends . the shipped immediately . well worth the price .
i enjoyed clue as a child . now so glad to play it again with my daughter . it is a terrific game . fun ! !
really cute game ! they loved getting this from their " elf " . def something i would to recommend other to buy if they are doing the elf tradition
this is a super cool toy , if you want a top that won't stop , this is the top of the tops !
purchased 4 my dghtr sweet 16 luau party , kids loved them , wanted more ! and my 5yr old enjoyed thm also !
i love the challenge of the pieces of this puzzle , and it looks awesome when it's finished . any puzzle fiend will love this for sure .
i would recommed this game to any 7 year old and up . grandma and grandpa love playing this game with tthe grandkids .
good for party favors , i bought ir for my 3 son - bday party ! . . . . . . .
i love this doll . she is the most gorgeous doll ever . by her appearance she looks african-american which i just love . she is absolutely purrfect .
very nice . hard to find . a nice addition to my granddaughters collection . i would recommend it to any monster high collector . exactly what i expected .
i bought the captain america action figure to add to my collection . it looks really good among the other action figures .
this is a great pack of batteries for those little pesky hex bugs . much much cheaper then getting them elsewhere .
a real deal when you can get multiple dolls with one buy . my daughter adores this collection .
i bought this along with many other art supplies for a 2 yr . old ... large enough without being unmanageable - great product !
kids can't shoot it , i can barely get it to work . launched softly maybe about 6 ft before the dart falls.should have just got another gun .
kids do these over and over and over = success ! beautiful images . heavy board it's printed on . almost to pretty to undo and box back up :)
my niece loves playing this game with her parents . i don't know if they let her win or if she is just that good .
my daughter loves playing with the puppy and how interactive it is . great for ( ages 2 & 4 years old ) .
small enough for my infant and big enough for my toddler . made very well and the safety features are great . would recommend
cute little baby lala loopsy . very similar to the large dolls . i will continue to buy them for my daughter . since she love la la loopsy .
sturdy and great construction . worth every penny ! the only downside is , it's a little heavy . highly recommend this shopping cart !
we bought this for our daughter for fun and my husband took over , i guess the little boy in him has not grown up :) ,
buy an ipod touch . don't waste your money on readers with limited functionality , expensive games and short battery life . no need to say more .
thanks to " hunger games " for driving the demand for these up just before christmas . overall , not a very good nerf gun , terrible performance .
good set . not our favorite but it does get used regularly . it is great for learning shapes , sorting , colors and sizes ( small medium large )
finally , there are lego's for girls ! my granddaughter loves to play with her brothers and now she has her own set !
super cool , bracelets with a speacial glow in the dark surprise.my kids love them and thinking about ordering more.stretch great .
she previously had the loom but needed additional rubber bands . she loves these and has made dozens of bracelets . she wishes there were more colors , however .
got for my grandson at christmas he really loved this toy , it was just right for him at 1.5 years .
perfect for any amateur magician or anyone who wants to learn a few card tricks to dazzle friends . easy to learn instructions and tons of fun !
i got this to add to my granddaughter's monster high collection . she loves it and plays with it a lot .
these are absolutely adorable . provide hours of entertainment . well made too ! colors are bold and do not chip off ! love these cute little penguins !
is great and durable toy for little ones to play with the wooden railway . my son has a few more to collect
these are a great additions to grandson's toys . nice size and easy to play with . these toys will last forever
went with a costume . fit the purpose of what i needed but just like the 80 ' s these also frayed when they got caught on things .
this is a must buy for christmas ! my 3 year old loves her too ! the elf also comes with the storybook . great gift !
my kids originally got this game about 20 years ago . we still play it and have a blast . all of us love it ! ! !
i bought this for my classroom for recess and free time play . my students ( 4th grade ) play with it every single day .
too small for a three year old . lost it's sound soon after my grandson was playing with it . very disappointing !
this is great learning and great fun for kids off all ages.great gift idea !
i remember playing this game as a child and 25 years later , it still brings back the frantic fun when playing with my 2.5 year old son today .
this is one of my granchild's favorite games and i like that he's learning while playing it . combines fun with education--you can't beat that .
have not heard back from person that received this gift ... so far , so good . glad to do business with you
a great addition to my thomas set that i set up for my grandchildren to play with when they visit .
very cute & silent option for the train set . we appreciate having some non-noisy options ! easy to handle & move around the track .
christmas gift . from what i can tell she'll be very excited to get this and to start doctorin ' all her toys !
great game for anyone ! this was on our sons christmas list and we are happy to say we all live this game and has 3 different ones also .
this doll is just adorable ! bought to put in my monster high doll house . makes a great addition to anyone's collection .
my daughter got this car for her birthday and we both really enjoy playing with it . it's been about 5 months and it has held up very well .
my grandchildren love these cars they are durable and very cool as my 4 year old grandson would say , i say a great value a very good find .
i bought this for my three year old granddaughter and she is starting to learning some of her abcs and the sounds of them .
not too complicated and the key even clicks when you turn it . lightweight and small size . perfect for a little one
this was purchased as a gift from one daughter to another . i do like that it is really soft and think my daughter will enjoy it also .
my daughter loved this kit . finding the mummy , tomb and treasures was a lot of fun . she had a blast with it !
my 5yr old son loves thomas ! so this game was a big hit with him ! i love that it's educational as well . :)
i bought this after high doll for my daughter . she loves alice in wonderland and she loves monster high dolls so this was the perfect gift for her !
used as a cake topper . big hit . though a little pricey , this worked great as a cake topper . would buy again .
wanted more glue than you get in the kits . we were having a party and 3 people were going to be doing the tattoos . works great !
durable , easy to assemble and looks nice in a play room or bedroom . classic toy we will keep forever . great purchase
my 8 year old son put this together fairly easily at christmas . he loves it and has collected all the pieces that match it
i purchased this guitar for about 7.49 around christmas 2012 . it's a neat dora singing guitar . my daughter loves it .
actually bought this extra set to go with the ag dress rack . my granddaughter loves them . they are pretty and sturdy .
my grandson loves them and i do recommend it for any 4 year old , and i purchased one more of these for him .
my 3 year old mastered these in 2 days , but he likes the puzzles . the storage box is a great plus and helps keep the pieces organized
all leapfrog items are made well . this has a lot of activities to keep the kids busy while driving in the car . very pleased .
these are so chinsey . not worth the money at all ! do not recommend as barbie's clothes fall off them too .
i am so glad that we purchased this for our grandson , it saves a lot of heartache , and he is very happy .
grand kids love it and it is easy to shop on line than go in to town and fight the crouds in the stores
i bought this as a christmas present for my son . nice small toy for bathtub play , or outside the bathtub too .
my daughter has loved this ! it has so many fun pieces for their hair and the computer . she plays with it for hours .
this is a great set and actually bought this one for my nephew because my son already owns it and loves it !
these were a great addition to our angry bird party . we put this on the cupcakes and they made an inexpenive addition
my toddler like this toy . the board itself is filmsy and not very strong . but it was not very expensive .
the t-ball set does what it is suppose to do . i do think the base is a little too light and therefore tips over more easily .
this little zebra is precious . i always try to get ty stuffed animals because of their quality but they are also so cute . my grandkids love them
kids loved this ! gonna order some other styles to make a complete kit . keeps them busy for hours on end !
4 stars because the return was easy peasy and fast , the item just would not work correctly if that is possible with a furby
my 8 month old loves this toy , keeps his attention for a while . great quality fairly priced couldnt ask for anything else
while my grandson loved it , it is smaller than it appears to be and completely manual . he plays well with it .
my kids love these bricks . they take a little time folding them all together , but they are sturdy and fun . my 5 year olds love them .
my one grand daughter loves the furreal pets . it is a christmas gift but i know she will love it ! !
my girl loves to play and sleep with it . it great comfort to her at night.looks just like picturedelivery time was great
it's a nice toy , the only thing , it's not too powerful , since it's for outdoors i was a bit disappointed .
cute toy , exactly as described . i know my kids will love it . is a gift for chirstmas and my kids are crazy about dora and diego ...
my son won't put it down . he loved his sister's so much . that is why i had to get him own . early birthday present
great product . so colorful . it has 3 modes - games , songs and composing . so cute . i like that it will grow with baby's development .
i bought these about a year ago for my daughter , they are still sticking together ... and to the rug . haha . they are good fun !
i bought boots together with the big dora . all together they are an excellent present , my 3 year old daughter loves to play with them !
we love cranky and this is such a cute crane . it is easy to use , magnet really works and cranky does move back and forth .
my grandbaby loves this toy.she likes to carry the cups around her when she isnt playing in the tub with them
bought as a gift and was told he loves them . pretty good price for a lot of legos . not a knock off so good quality .
my 3 kiddos of ages 2 through 5 all enjoyed this fun craft . learn colors and shapes and more ! very fun !
my 7 year old daughter loved this blast from the past . my 10 year old son couldn't stop playing with it .
my grandson loves his leap pad . he calls it an ipad . he plays with it daily and it can entertain him for hours if i allow it .
my son collect transformers and this completes his set of the autobot and deceptican sets . i couldn't find these in the stores anywhere !
we're enjoying learning the new india game . bonus points are given for making looping routes . it's easy to learn and fun to play . a family favorite .
really nice gift . it was bigger than i expected despite me looking at the dimensions.many ways to play with this and can attach to others .
the girl was delighted with this product . since it give the gift every day and draws a lot of fun .
my 6 year old grandson so wanted this item and he has worked all week long on putting it together .
it is famous toy , but i have bought some for my girls offline , so i haven't opened that , i think my kid will like it later .
these games are great . i've stocked up for cottages and family trips . love that you don't need batteries . skill required can be challenging too .
my grandson needed track to go wit all his cars . this is not only track , but fun track . he's very happy with it .
even a young child will be mesmerized for hours focused on getting through the maze . seems to also help with appreciating spatial relations and movement .
i bought that for my girlfriend . she love it very much . and thank you for this product , because i gave her a third surprise .
i think all leap frog products are just great for children . safe and well designed and very intuitive for children .
my granddaughter was so excited when she saw the shoes . she could not wait to put them on her doll . they are just adorable .
omg better than expected my boy loves it ... worth every penny , , thank you so much would of paid even more for this great toy
my daughter loves this toy . she has been wanting a really good doctor set for sometime and this was the perfect one .
my boys love this ! it was a great price too ! my kids are 3 years old and 1 1/2 years old .
our three year old daughter loves thomas and friends and the troublesome trucks were a great addition to her collection .
wonderful pull toy . my grandson loves to pull things around the house . he loves the movement of this frog .
both kids started playing minecraft , and i needed a few smaller stocking stuffers this year , so i thought i would try this . they love it ! !
great items in the chest . too bad the chest was not better made . it was made from cheap plastic and cardboard
was met with delight my grandson it is something he and his sister can play together even though there is three year dffernce in age
did not fly without falling out of the sky . returned this item . disappointing as it was a present for my nephew .
its extremely cute and soft looks like the picture and makes real like baby sounds my baby like cuddling with it
all wooden products for thomas are the best . they are durable and my grandchildren put them through alot while playing
this does not fit the leapster gs . nowhere did it say that when i bought it . overall it is decent construction .
he loves it . but hard for my son to use but he just turned 3 and it will get easier .
having thomas train on these uno cards makes this a great game for thomas train fans . highly recommend this item ..
colorful , whimsical , soft and safe . i'd recommend it . again , i'm a fan of almost all of melissa & doug toys .
it is cute , has some nice pieces . for the price and for another gift to open on christmas , it was worth it .
after playing ' settlers ' of catan , struggle in just not as much involved or as interesting to play . i was dissapointed .
colorful , durable , two year old grand daughter loves it and spends time playing with it . has ringing phone , tub noises along with other fun qualities .
this is a nice set of trains for a great price . it came out to about $ 5 per train , which is a great value .
the much loved dolls are ideal as they are activated with cations to be placed in the castle we bought my daughter loved it , i recommend
what kid doesn't like a cup in the tub . mine does ! so i finally got him these . he plays and plays with them .
great game for little kids . simple to learn , simple to play . i bought it for a 4 year old , he enjoys it .
this is a cute game . the little suitcases are a hit with the kids ! the instructions were a little confusing so we just made up our own .
i absolutely love this monster high doll . she is super cute and i like the diversity of a different culture added into the mh collection !
this compliments the little people toys my kids already have . i appreciate toys that allow them to explore their imagination . so far , so good .
this is a good sturdy puzzle . my daughter loves puzzles and melissa and doug is such a great brand . i wasn't disappointed .
i bought these for my daughter's 4th birthday party and the kids loved them . i also bought sticker gems that they decorated them with .
this is another great lego set . the castle is not very big , but it is cute . the dragon is big and very fierce and fun .
who doesn't love elephant and piggie books ? ? these two little stuffed animals are perfect for your elephant and piggie fan !
i got this puppet for my son for christmas ... it is soooo soft and easy to play with ... this is my sons favorite character from sesame street .
sent these to colorado to granddaughter for christmas . she loves the perler beads and has had fun making different items .
i like super mario . everithing the stuuf i like only the princees i dont like really much its ok
and the nightmare edition is great . combine the greatest game ever with one of the best movies ever and you can't go wrong .
i love this version of spot it for my 5 year old ... it is less frustrating for her than the adult version or even " i spy " .
these are just what i expected . nice set . ordered 4 for my preschool classroom . they are sturdy and seem like they will hold up well .
well built and very nice . both baby and big sis like this little guy . would buy this item again . nice !
this game was shipped quickly and arrived in great condition . we have been very happy with the game and would recommend it to anyone .
very neat toy . the bubbles just stream out , and it is easy to use for anyone including my two year old .
i bought as christmas present for grandson . it was big hit for a 4 yr old . i would recommend to anyone .
my grandson got the bat cave for his third birthday . as with any super hero , you need the villan to make the story complete
i use these to reinforce patterning skills along with the different sized colored bears i purchased at the same time .
wonderful quanity for my 4 year old son . he loves play-doh and really goes through it fast , so hopefully this quanity should last a while !
not as neat as my daughter thought it would be . used once and put away .. oh well .. hopefully she'll quit picking toys out like this . lol
these are great ! truly spill proof . the lids stay on too . keeps paint fresh . great product ! good size and fits well on easel tray .
we have the collection with cars also and my kids love them ... they mix and match , they have a blast putting them together .. ! !
my grandchildren love all the chuggington trains . they all fit on their canyon train and track table . hook and unhook very easy .
really adds to the core game . very fun for zombie lovers . they added some rules that enhances the game without making it clunky .
a gift for my grandson . he loved it . it is a great toy he and his brother can play together .
my son has been wanting this . he loves star wars and lego . they are even better combined . thank you so much for speedy delivery .
iv had enough of air hogs and there crappy work on there products some of the products are good ideas but s * * * ty work
love these bubbles . it does not leak at all ! very easy for my son to use ! i have no complaints !
my barley 4 year old can easily put it in and out of the case . plus it wasn't destroyed on our last 15hr drive .
bella can turn the music on an ddance away with this and she loves it when we plug the ipod to it and play her favorite music .
very long swirls ... make sure you have plenty of ceiling height . my kids pulled a bunch off rather quickly ... but it happens ..
this set is a must-have for any young child who loves to play school or teacher . the items are very cute and a nice quality .
my husband loves this game , its a big hit around here . id recommend it to anyone who loved the previous versions .
i bought this for a christmas present for my 10 yr old and she loves it , my 8 yr old loves it too .
great price , seems to be sturdy and safe . purchased this for my son's 2 year birthday party for guests to play in . great quality .
easy to learn , easy to teach and easy to enjoy . for someone who has never played a boardgame , this produce could be his introduction .
this was a christmas present for our daughter and she loved it ! it kept her busy in the car for our 10 hr trip for the holidays .
great beginning of the year abc set for kinders that need that extra support and affordable for personal purchase . storage box is a bonus !
my granddaughter is crazy for lalaoopsy and the animals that come with her . she has big ones and small ones as well .
my granddaughter loves playing with these little plush guys . she loves putting them in their cave and carrying them around the house . i love these .
as the original , but still monopoly . monopoly , is a great game and makes it hard to go wrong , but i rather stick to the original .
bought this for my grandson , he absolutely loves it.he wanted one of these forever.him and his friends have battles with it all the time
happy bought this to go with my other madame alexander dolls . love the style of clothes she came in . came on time when sent .
i love being able to purchase the couple figures from the little people line . my granddaughter ( 18 months ) loves this line of toys .
love the price , love the brand . my boys thought the alien was funny and the set was easy for my 5 year old to put together .
love the tea set , was purchased as a christmas gift but i am sure my 1 year old will love it !
given to grandson as christmas gift so he can showcase his many talents in magic and learn more about it
no issues with this purchase . exactly as described . solid wood . the trains go in and come out fine . good purchase .
if your child is in love with my little pony this wont disappoint . my daughter loved that this set came with shoes and accessories for the pony as well
pd is not walking yet , but i know this frog will be one of his favorite friends to accompany him on his adventures .
these are soft & cute finger puppets . a very good value for the quality and quantity received . should be fun for the grandchildren .
the style is great . wish i had that style when i was younger . the quality is great with this item .
these were on a special price at christmas time . they are good quality and cute , but small .
amazing ! ! bright colors ! long lasting glow ! the ball is so cool put together ! ! you won't be disappointed ! ! will purchase again ! !
the perfect gift for the young hunger games fan in your life . love the color scheme on this toy , very pretty !
you can't go wrong with lego's . the shipping time was faster than expected and as always the lego set was a hit !
my little chefs are enjoying the slice and bake cookie set along with all of their other melissa & doug pretent play products .
the joints are completely hindered by the sculpt . basically the pose you see him in is all he can do .
my 4yr ild son got the mobigo 2 for christmas and he loves playing this game on it ! ! very fun
my girls ( 3 & 6 ) saved their own money for these and they love them ! exactly what they had expected !
fun game . good seller . easy to work with . easy to return items . this version of charades is fun at a party . easy to play .
my kids love doing art with their dot colors . i am now going to buy more colors since the basics does not come with brown and pink .
good present , 5yr old loves it , and loves the sounds the sword makes . he loves jake and the pirates . good toy !
i bought this for christmas ... i didn't even have to preheat the oven and my table looked magnificent with the golden-brown bird as its centerpiece .
purchased as a gift for my one year old niece . i like that it was soft . i think she liked it . :)
not this for my son for christmas . thought it would be fun to play with . never worked . it is also very delicate .
cute little toy ! my son loves it . i love the quality of the wood--as opposed to the plastic options . i recommend it !
the product came on time and is exactly what i expecet and what i paid for and will work out great
i love madame alexander dolls . this one is adorable . i make doll clothes and this doll is perfect in size and stature .
my ten year old loves beyblade ! this is a great starter kit for any kid who wants to get into collecting or just have fun with beyblade !
not as big as i had hoped , but daughter likes it . will not hold more that a few pairs of socks or a handful of small toys .
can't go wrong with a playmobil advent calendar and this one was a hit with my grandkids . i buy one every year
soft , adorable , a siamese ... what more can i say ? ! who wouldn't love it :) a super cute webkinz for cat / siamese lovers .
was bought for my will grandson and was very educational and also very resonable priced . i am sure he will enjoy it for a long time to come
these are the best . the quality of crayola products cant be beat . great for the stained glass coloring books too !
i love that this puzzle has both capital and lowercase letters , but after several months the paper has started to peel off .
good for hand eye coordination for toddlers . fun animal shapes big holes good laces .
i bought this as a gift for my niece she loved it and we play it all the time she loves the princesses .
we purchased this is as a gift and it was adorable when it arrived ! our recipient loved it and it was girly and perfect .
my kids take this everywhere and it's durable . i will definitely recommend it . i will be buying more in the future .
these added a little novelty to bathtime . the kids love to mix the colors . make the water a brilliant color but does not get on the kids .
it was a favorite in the goodie bag ! all the kids liked them and were able to trade . nice product .
grandson collects these . it was a gift and he loves to take them apart and put them back together again .
the kids love this and it is very neat but i just ask myself what i am going to do with all this snow
y son has a tool bench and this as a great addition to the set . he loves it and played with it for hours
this was a christmas gift for my niece from us . she loves princesses and really wanted this for a christmas gift .
as with all of the thomas the train toys , we were very pleased with the quality and cuteness . kids love it ..
we bought several items for our grand daughter from hape and we loved all of them . she is 2 and plays well with this set
this is an exceptionally well made wooden toy . it is made from solid wood ( not plan toy's new composite material ) . highly recommend !
it holds so much ( 100 ounces ) water you will get tired of pumping the gun before you run out of water
it doesn't look as much like a smart phone as i thought it was . my son likes the sesame street one better .
i also bought this for my youngest granddaughter and her and my other granddaughter sit down and pretend play with it .
my construction truck loving two-year old son loves this when he's at the beach ! it's perfect ! ! very well made , too !
no problems with it falling apart and my daughters 2 and 4 carry it and throw it everywhere , put together with screws .
its another toy in the pile my daughter lost interest in this very quickly . its an updated see and say !
many hours of fun exactly what i ordered . will be buying more of this type of item . kids love it .
it is big and sturdy enough for my 1/10 rally car . it is too big though for my 1/16 th scale race truck .
great grandson loves this toy and he plays with it all the time . he thinks it is real and of course its not .
great stuffed animal to go with doc mcstuffins et al . my grand daughter plays with it almost every day ! loves it !
a bit costly but thats what you expect for movie covers . normal plastic cover with despicable me design . held up well with kids .
my daughter loves these eggs she loves to keep putting them back together and in the carton . would buy again .
it was a huge hit for my grandsons 6th birthday . we all had to play bingo as soon as all the gifts were opened .
bought this for my friends ' 1 - year old for christmas and he seems to enjoy it . several pieces and seems to be high quality .
i gave this as a gift - as a part of a larger snoopy themed package - and it was so happily received !
i gave this to my grandson for christmas and he just loves it ! he didn't let it go the whole time !
this was larger than i had expected , which is great . i like that the webs are attached & cannot be lost .
my son is a huge minecraft fan and this light is now all over the house . it looks cool and reflects minecraft quite well .
just as adorable as they look on website.good price . so cute on the dolls . i would buy more anyday .
this is a great toy for 4 years old . we got the other two transformers to complete the set . my son loves these transformers .
the zipper is great . these easily slide off but don't slide off accidentally as long as they are zipped . this saves grandma time . ; )
i thought the kids would get a kick out of this but they seemed uninterested . i got the top of the line and they were bored
color is the same as the picture . it is about 2-3 inches in diameter and is 54 " long . just as described .
this is a must have for the batman collector ! this figure is remarkable ! very pleased to have added this to my collection !
nothing special about toy . the back opens like a truck should . i thought it was a little pricey for what you get .
prettier in the pic . it is a bit thin , but it is still cute & looks cute in all of the pictures .
both my great granddaughters love the monster high dolls . this gift was a special request and she was very happy with it .
i bought this train for my 2 year old who is currently into trains . he loves it ! he loves to play with this train !
this was given to my nephew on the eve of christmas , and he loved it very much - including the package it came in .
if you are interested in dice game . i think this is the second best ( best one is alien frontiers ) dice game in the market .
i bought these so my grand-daughter could entertain her baby sister ... hours of imaginative play .
not much to say , my kids love the book , easy to upload to leap frog reader . follows from the 3rd movie
my grandson loved this toy ! i liked that it was not a toy that was very violent . he loves changing from the dinosaur to a vehicle .
we bought this for my sons birthday and he loved it and won't stop playing it . i will recommend this item . thanks again for everything .
this is a christmas gift so i won't know until it gets opened up . but i'm sure it will be great
the girls love these . we have them to take with them whenever they go so they can have something to play with .
i got these for my primary class of four year olds . they love them , and they are really cute ! great price , and fast shipping !
my 17m old loves playing with this . it is pretty easy for her to use . it is a nice size car for her .
pros : not made of cheap materialnice carrying bagcomes with essential toolscons : made of metal , can be dangerous for little onesdoes not come with gloves
my son loves it , however sometimes he has a little too much fun at night and doesn't want to shut it off .
we bought this take along tool kit as well as thepound a peg and tape measure ... a complete set for our little builder ! !
color is bright and clear . unfortunately they have just three colors , i think they have more and then kids have diverse experience of color change .
lego creator 10224 town hallthis series i intend to collect ! ! great set , have you will know ! ! discount when buying a good !
i got this for my husband and brother-in-law for christmas and it was their favorite gift ! such a kids at heart !
huge , great product ! it is sturdy and really cool looking . great for kids to read or snuggle with or also just really cool decoration !
it's a beutifull and wonderfull cofee , the doll it's beutifull , the cups and food it's really funny , and the the till it's amazing
she finds it very interesting . i use it to keep hr entertained when i am changing her diaper . she loves the sound and colors .
this is such a cool collector barbie . my daughter was thrilled with it . looks exactly like katniss and is very detailed .
great lego set for a firefighter lover ... and a lego maniac ! legos are always great !
the shapes and colors of the beads are very nice . the only thing is that it looks like there will be more beads than there actually are .
this is a really cute little set.we love the detail of the animals . my daughter plays with this set quite a bit
we have only played with this one time but i think it is great . my two year old son had fun helping put the pieces together .
great value ! i got this as a birthday gift for my 12 month old nephew and he just loves it !
just had to buy to add to the rest of the chugs . well made and when you start buying one it never ends
the children played with these at first as they loved to rub together but they got lost somewhere - guess too much stuff from grandma and grandpa
arrived in perfect condition on time and exactly as was expected . i am very happy with the product and would purchase again !
this toy was disappointing . it was not very fun or exciting to play with . not something i would recommend to others .
i purchased this item as part of my grandson's birthday present . the cover is great and will come in handy as extra protection of the tablet .
the new super mario bros games are a blast to play alone or with the family . i could not recommend more highly . unless i was in space .
great little walker . the wood is really beautiful and it is well made . this is a great baby gift . it is very high quality .
i love being able to buy a bunch of mini figs for the kiddos without having to spend a ton of $ $ $ .
i got these for my granddaughters for christmas this year ! they are really cute and fit the american girl dolls perfectly ! they love them ! !
white doll is a very beatiful toy , thanks , mi daughter is happy with it , is a good product , is fantastic
my granddaughters age 2 1/2 and 3 1/2 loved them ... boy age 5 like other stickers also--good trick to play on them
you won't be disappointed . our son loves this dino so much . it's a pretty good size and goes well with all shapes and sizes of dinos .
grandson (8 ) loved getting this for his birthday . he immediately sat down and put it together . good project for father and son .
small but very cute and easy for a 10 month old crawler to handle . colors are great . perfect condition . would buy again .
typical " barbie " type doll with a twist . my 9 year old neice asked for this , and i think she will like the clothes and style .
my 2 year old loves to play on this , although has never been interested in the telescope ( even though it has the mirrors inside and works perfectly )
my 3 year old daughter is loving doc mcstuffin's learning game ! she plays it all the time ! would buy again !
love the movies and this toy ! he is huge ! the pull sting is strong and makes him say lots of things ! my daughter loves him !
love this roller coaster item . i wish i was able to purchase additional middle pieces to make it a little longer ... ! ! !
these can be purchased at walmart for a little less than this site . always nice to have extra since we tend to lose some .
this little guy is great , very nice paint detail and sculpting from papo . definitely a worthy addition to your collection ! ! highly recommended ! !
just play disney teen beach movie mckenzie fashion doll ... just play is a very cute doll my daughter loves it
i love this dune racer ! we have definately got our use out of this product and seems more powerful than other power wheels !
provides lots of fun for the grandson . offers many possibilities for asembling various items.offers a different aspect then all the video games .
shrinky dinks are always popular with kids . comes with fun pre-printed patterns to color . brings back memories from my childhood !
i purchased this for my three month old and she loves it ! it is very soothing and cute too .
this is a very nice playset , has a lot of little gimmicks and accessories , also comes with a doll , which is a very nice touch .
the grandson loves this and has mastered climbing on and off and really enjoys the music . saw it several stores this was the best value .
cute factor is high . however , the ducks will not float in the tub ( they turn over ) so they disappointed our grandchildren .
this sword is so cute and the perfect size . it says saying like jake says and know my grandson will love it
haven't played with this as we purchased it as a gift , but it looked cute ! i'm considering buying it for others as well .
this is a wonderful coloring pad . the grandchildren love it , and i probably will purchase more of these coloring pads of different things .
the little girl we gave this too said she enjoyed painting it . easy to use and nice colors . thank you
this is a very nicely designed game . we play as a family and it is fun to pick out the food .
my niece is really into monster high and was thrilled to open her present . the doll is very well made .
buy it ! ! ! your kid is going to love it ! the music is nice , it is educative , and it works good !
my daughter likes this animal but she wishes that it came with more than one color because she like to color things with alot of color
my grandsons love these ! my children used to play with litebrite and now my grandchildren do and we can do it together !
this is an amazing toy for the price . great quality and really nice hand eye coordination teaching tool . you won't be disappointed ! 0012
perfect gift for grouchy friends ... gund sesame street 12 - inch oscar the grouch ... i bought this for a grown up who's anti-social he loved it !
amazing amount of rubber bands and s clips for the price . bright vibrant colors . wonderful refill for you rubber band loom .
loved these for my daughters princess party , the clasp is pretty terrible though . beautiful and long for the price though
these men were a cute addition for the garbage truck . i also bought the garbage cans to go with it . my 3 year old nephew loved them !
very interesting and enjoyable for all ages . good educational item and promotes further research.easily maintained without fear of accidenatl releases .
these are fun for tag games , got 2 for my bother and his son to play with . they do not hurt and keep them busy haha
these are durable and non-toxic and there is enough variety to build lots of things . i just wish they had come in a re-usable storage box .
these doll sets are amazing . the magnets work well and have provided hours ans hours of play time for my daughter ! ! love them all .
great deal for coins . all 50 were accounted for and a nice selection of coins to look at . i will order more for my wifes collection .
they have a terrible smell ! i stall have not used them , and probably wont
i purchased this for our youngest grandson last christmas . very easy to play with . no problem putting them in his mouth .
toobs are always high quality " gumball " machine toys . and that is exactly what i wanted . so they are great ! perfect !
another one of the angry bird star wars plush toys that my grandchildren temp me to buy ! this one is so soft and fun . they love it .
this is really cute but i found it tips over very easily and my daughter gets frustrated because it will stop singing whatever song it was singing .
purchased this for my 7 and 9 year old , they love tattoos ... it's a little messy but as long as you prepare for that you are fine .
all i can tell you is it looked cute . bought for a birthday present and haven't heard anymore since lol
it is a hit with my four year old son . great size for him and he has learned to transform it himself .
got this for my brother who is a big high fantasy buff . we both think it's awesome and surprisingly well made . definitely a great buy .
hayden loves the movie and the characters especially boo . it came promptly and was perfect . the packaging was safe and easy .
very cute doll . bought her for my niece for christmas last year and now had to give in and snag one for myself ! glad i did !
just as pictured , my 7 year old loves webkinz world . he loves to take this to bed every night . totally worth it .
this toy is cute my only complaint it that the card board boxes where bent and tore in one hour and the cart is smaller then expected
great game for all , we love to play this game , even if there are only two of us . i would recommend this game to anyone .
awesome ! ! great price and beautiful . my daughter loves him and wants the girl one now . she sleeps with him every night .
my little boy loves trucks , etc , so these were right up his alley ! he plays with them on the fridge and they keep him entertained !
i cannot get over how cool venus is ! i bought her for myself but my daughter really enjoys her as well .
the case could be a little neater and show that i would get dirty fast but it does protect the game very good ,
i love him ! this is one of my most favorite monster high dolls yet ! everything about him is so cute !
glad i bought the extra arrows . already lost 1 with our first use . wish the whistle arrows stuck to the target like the suction arrows do .
if the ear does not catch the ball adjust the trunk so it will shoot the ball in the right direction .
this was amazing ! it even came with minty from generation 3 and all the ponies are beautiful and it even comes with spike
this game is really fun and works on a lot of different skills . kids between the ages of 2 and 5 seem to really enjoy it .
my 3 year old daughter loves this toy . she can pull it back easily and it shoots a long ways . impressed with the distance it will cover .
grand kids loved it . we did all kinds of different games with it and they had a ball trying the different positions .
half of our toys are melissa and doug , my daughter takes to them all.she loves to sit , stamp and color . nice way to spend time :)
i gave this to my son for christmas and he loves it . he loves rolling over his play-doh . i would defiantly recommend this to other peolpe
great toy , i got it for $ 8 last christmas and it was well worth every penney .
these wands are just lovely and i would like to recommend these to all . i am getting good use out of them .
both my 5 year old and 3 year old love playing this game . it was an excellent buy and will be played for quite a while .
grandson carries this everywhere , his brother has one also and they have a great time together.tough sabers , holding up well.would recommend .
this is an amazing addition to any eager young minds learning experience , no matter what age they are . makes our universe fun to learn
bought this for my 4 year old and she loves it ! its huge too ! ! ! it also comes with a lot of accessories .
my four year olds favorite game out of all of them . she's just loves dora and is always trying to speak spanish . very much recommend !
these don't work well in anything but the clip system nerf guns . make sure you're matching the ammo with your gun .
purchased as a gift in conjunction with several other sketch portfolios . recipient appeared to really like them all as she enjoys drawing .
i purchased two of these not knowing what they would be like.love them .. great toy . sturdy and works well with little hands .
this selection is perfect for every two year old . the variety of art materials provides many visual and sensory expriences . worth every penny !
my niece loves cats and love this toy . amazon is the bet place to purchase it from . i found it other places but at a higher price .
we have this for the leap pad 1 and since it uses aa batteries i wish there was a compartment for extra batteries but other than that is works .
love this product . my grandson loves hitting the ball and now no one has to throw it to him anymore .
this is a very cute set and kids love it . they pretend we are at sushi restaurant and love it
this is a must have for winter fun in the snow . very durable , hard plastic . many kids will enjoy making the snowballs .
this is good to use with lit with the infants and toddlers with special needs that i teach on my caseload .
i bought these markers for my grandchildren . crayons makes an excellent quality product , and these are washable , making it a plus .
it's easy to manipulate and fits the other wooden track pieces , adding flexibility to configurations . it seems strong enough to last a while .
much smaller than i thought . lighter weight also than original game pieces.grateful though that i could find a replacement .
game accurate toy cool detail cool gun easy to transform to so must have for collectors out their love it and u can get some cool poses out of it
offer tons of good times to kids.they enjoy pressing the keys ; laugh and learn just as the item description . cute item !
not only does this protect the pad , it really makes it easy to find . very nice extra for the cost .
bought this for my nephew for christmas , and he still very much loves it ! i have not had any complaints . =)
they work awesome and i haven't had any break on me yet . i've made multiple bracelets and they look great .
my granddaughter shares her binky with the baby and she uses the baby's binky for herself . we are working on that . she is also less than 2yrs .
such a dear little animal and 45 year old recipients loved it ! she'd always want to pet a okapi ! :)
lots of " play " with this ! fun ! lots of hand-eye co-ordination with fun sounds and a beautiful smiley face ! well worth buying !
toy is very durable and fun to play with . toy came packaged very secure . i would highly recommend to others .
i bought this , along with a microscope , for my granddaughter . she has enjoyed these a lot . i would buy again .
my baby loves it . she will not sleep without it and she is only eight months old . we got it for her at six months .
since i bought the whole set of turtles and the rat , thought i'd better get the villian too ! my 6year old grandson will love these !
great super hero character that any 3 year older child and above will enjoy . nice size too . love this toy .
i hate that these are pricey , but they are heavily constructed . my kids love playing with them for hours on end .
bought for a gift and they loved it . worth the money . pinky pie isn't as tiny as she looks either .
needed for extras to go with diy loom came with clips good bright colors good price got for christmas for grand daughters
grand daughter loved this game . she got it for a christmas present . fun plus practicing their math skills.reasonable price .
i played this when i was a kid and loved it . i grew up i guess and do not really enjoy it . my kids like it though .
so colorful and stick to the tub just fine . my son loves bright happy colors of course , and so do i !
we used these clings on our windows for halloween . the decals went on ( and came off ) easily , and looked great .
very nice figure , these are going to be a real collectors item down the road . i cant wait to get the whole set very detailed action figures .
i bought this as a christmas present for my 7 year old grandson . he and his 3 year old brother love to shoot the walls .
this is a great party game , as long as no one is particularly sensitive . this is the third small expansion to the original cards against humanity .
produced big bubbles for the kids that stayed in the air for about 200 + feet . mixed easy and would buy again .
beautiful doll . my daughter loves barbies , and loved this one in particular . this series of barbies are beautiful . we will be buying them all !
my 4 year old grandson loved it . we tuned it through an internet video and it sounds great . comes with case strap and pic ... great buy
this is one of megatron's best incarnations to grace the transformers fanchise , he sleek , detailed , and well articulated just like in the video games
we got this to go with the fire chief's car . this is a great gift for any little boy and especially a 3yr .
the kids love this little race track and are mesmerized by it ! they've already worn out the first set of batteries . great gift idea !
this doll is not good for girls ! ! ! she looks like a frigging stripper ! ! ! buy a my scene ! ! !
this are the most realistic cupcakes i ever sawit is a great toy and educational as well , the shapes on the bottom of the cupcakes are great
these toys are easy to manipulate , and they are a current favorite in our household . we own 3 of them .
i cant wait for sofia the second ! ! this doll is so pretty and she talks to her animal friends too ! !
we had to had all the pieces and now they don't even play with them . there are so many sets to buy
not much to really say about these transformers - - they are just as advertised and my son loves them so that's what's important !
this was a family christmas gift so i can not write a helpful review . shipment was received as promised .
perfect for little hands to hold ! the triangle shape and large size makes it easy for toddlers to grab and hold . i will be ordering more ! !
great for birthday invites . ordered these for a friend to use for a project ... i am not a big hello kitty fan but these were cute .
i love the colors and the construction of these toys . my grandson pushes them all over the place . i am sure they will last thru several grandkids
great for my little pony lovers :) we used it to decorate my daughter's bday cake and it was a hit !
my daughters 6 and 4 yr old love these , have a lot of fun with these kids in the pools
this has been good for teaching the alphabet to my little children , they love to use it and listen to the sound and pictures
i like this because it inspires my daughter to grab a handful of " popcorn " and sound out a few words .
this little bird has provided me and my grandson many hours of entertainment . we do lokk dforward to flying it .
a wonderful little tablet . it's a little slow in loading so younger children may lose interest before the app begins .
good quality plush toy , my child loves it ! would recommend toy to any little kirby fans ! fun to pretend play !
gave to my grandson for christmas as it was on his " wish " list . he sent a nice thank you note .
this was nice , small and cute . just something to take around and not taking up a lot of space.would be great for those little hands .
pascal is so cute and we just love him . he goes everywhere with my shortie ... 5 more words 3 more done
kept my daughters mobigo safe and some games too . nice for travel or just to keep things together . i would recommend .
barbie sure has come a long way since the 70s and 80s . this puppy swim school pool is awesome and provides lots of fun .
got this for my granddaughter . without this skirt , you wouldn't know the elf was a girl . the girl elf should come with this .
i used this for my sons present and he loved it . especially since it was jake and the neverland pirates theme
nice horse for a nice price . good size and well-made . my daughter bought it with her allowance money and is quite satisfied .
a version of the game scum with a decreasing number of cards as the cards increase in value . my family has enjoyed this version for years .
overall , i am very pleased with this product . it works as described . i especially like the extra glossiness that it gives to the puzzle .
my daughter loves this doll . everything was just as you would expect from the purchase . brand new and in box .
it is a good selection of cars . but there are not that durable . after a couple days , one car is already broken .
my eight year old daughter had a great time with this . even her 11 year old brother liked it . mom liked the quiet play time .
my 6 year old daughter loves this movie and has a great time playing this game . its fun and educational
got this at a great deal from the lightning deal thing amazon had going on before christmas . it's very fun and the kids love it !
bought this gel skin to go on the little great granddaughters leapfrog . very nice product , very protective . the great grands love their leapfrogs .
i purchased the leapfrog system for my granddaughter this case works out perfect for all her books and her tag .
great product for a great price ! the gel skin protects the leap pad even when dropped on hard surfaces . overall pleased with purchase .
wonderful addition to and princess room dollhouse . the grand daughter loved the family.perfect for small hands to play for hours .
my kids love it and i do too . it is a great learning tool and they stay interested with the glow !
this is an awesome boat ! plenty of accessories and cute little people . the kids love it.fyi you will need to assemble parts of it and apply decals .
my grandson loved this sandbox . looking forward to using it this summer . love the lid on it that keeps the sand dry .
paid not much at all for this adorable set ! didnt realize the hair dryer actually makes noise ! and blows air ! toooo cool baby girl loves
i bought this puzzle for my grandsons and they love this puzzle . it is a great educational toy and gives them loads of fun .
our granddaughter loved it at first sight . so , its really simple to assemble , the pieces are big and fit together nicely .
you can't beat the value of this 50 car pack . not one car was a like , all different and packaged individually .
needs the right group and the right frame of mind - was perfect for the late night game pre-bachelor party with plenty of drinking !
love this little bunny . it is softer and much cuter than in the picture . this is a great gift idea for kids !
my gradndaughter had to check out everyone when she opened it for christmas . it was just what she wanted and really loved it .
it was a gift for a 5 year old and he had a great time shooting all his siblings with it .
these are fun to play with , but they don't stay on for very long , and then you end up with little earring stickers all over the place .
perfect gift for my grandson and he will love it ! bright and beautiful colors for just the right size for a child !
my daughter's favorite present . she was in love with this barbie . takes it with her everywhere . dress lights up great , plays , music .
ideal for little grade school children ! provides them with a safe playing with toy . a toy they can keep forever !
must have for any barbie lover . i love that it folds in a compact rv for storage . all the details are very cute .
this game helps young ones learn to read while playing games ! they do not realize they are learning to create and read words !
this is a fun toy with lots of options for use with all ages enjoying them . adults and kids play together .
can't believe how cheap it was for 48 different chalk colors ! they are good quality chalk , and they don't roll , which is a plus .
this is a fun simple game i played years ago . now i ordered one for my young grandson , good for thje mind .
emmit is a great doll and my son loves it . he has all the dolls but 2 and we are waiting for price to go down .
well received by the kids . inexpensive but hold up fairly well with normal use . the kids think they look " super cool " in them .
nice quality and comfortable . bought these for my nephew who put them on immediately and only took them off to go to dinner .
i have had this charger for over a year and its still working great . the battery will still last for days .
works well for barbies even though it's not a mattel brand . much sturdier than the mattel brand houses i had looked at . very happy with this purchase .
a good toy to teach kids the concept of money . my 4 - year old likes it .
bought this item when it was on sale . bought it to go with the winx stage . my daughter has had a lot of fun playing with it .
i love that this fun toy encourages my 3 year old son to use his imagination ! i even had fun playing with him using this !
she said they are identical to the ones that came with the rebelle cross bow . they seem to be pretty accurate .
it surprised me how quick it was , very responsive it does whats it supposed to and its durable i like it
my boy loves the sounds and lights . great toy ! his sister loves it too . the two will fight over it .
great little trucks for use at the beach or playing in his sand box . they seem pretty sturdy and he loves to roll them all over .
highly recommend . such a cute set . attention to detail was excellent ! i ordered three of these as gifts . good deal .
this is a wonderful item . it arrived in great condition and well packaged . our child loves to have it in the car and create scenese
we have a few different puttys and they keep our son entertained . he loves showing the putty to family and friends .
although very cute the only makeup in this kit that works is the powder eyeshadow . everything else seems to be for show .
these seem to work quite well and love the price especially since i use these quite a bit for hexbugs as well as some electronic books
they love this toy . this one , and the rest , and they play with them all the time . its never boring .
love the action figure ! hanging on my wall with the others and the posters i've collected . thank you ! blood n guts !
my granddaughter likes the small lego's and the one brings much joy . we practice no weapons and fortunately this one fit the category .
we are planning a 2nd birthday party for my nephew and are super excited we came across this fun easy game ! cant wait to use it
can't say enough good things about this and the leap frog products.my 6 year old only puts it down when the batteries run out.by the way-get the battery pack .
this would make a good item for a party goody bag . several different colors and prints . the kids love putting them together .
great trains ... it's a two pack and only one of the trains talk . my 3 year old plays with them all the time !
this doll is beautiful . she has amazing detail down to her tiny jewelry . i would recommend this to any collector or enthusiast .
my wife teaches a group of ten 4 years olds in a pre-kindergarden class . this toy was well received . nice that it doesn't need batteries .
while i enjoy the idea of this game , and it has easy to understand roles , the quality of the parts is poor .
this was a great little present but it is a little hard to get the doll to stay on there as you push her around .
its sure hard to break and really easy to control . fairly quite which is good for sneaking up on people . awesome drone !
these are only maybe 3 inches tall . great for the bathtub . overall she loves them i just expected more i guess .
my son loved receiving this as a gift . many options to build and several sets of wheels which is nice .
the kids love playing with these blocks . they are 2 and 3 and the blocks are big enough that they can hold them and stick them together themselves .
we bought this for our son before he turned one . he loved it right away and still plays with it often a year later . definitely recommend .
adorable , cuddly , soft , nicely made , and my 11 year old fell in love with it immediatly . i am very happy with this purchase .
this shopping cart has been inside and outside and works great . wheels have come off a few times but you can just pop them back on .
i bought this along with the book for my 4 year old grandson for christmas . the story is fun , and he loved it .
the kids loved this gift . i was actually amazed with the picture quality and ease at which the kids were able to use it
oops not for mini figures - duple is for larger blocks . amazon could not posinbily have made the return easier .
we use lego's like puzzles that have an endless variety of play activity for the whole family . well designed instructions now for the novice or advanced builder .
not the greatest if you have small children around . the balls scatter and can create a problem . fun for a short period of time .
we got twilight sparkle for our 7 year old daughter and she loves it . it seems well constructed and it is larger than it appears in the photo .
i got this for my grand daughter for her 1st birthday to go with the ball pit . she loves balls !
these are a great incentive prize for elementary level students . they love them and they are fairly inexpensive per unit .
very cool ! fun addition to our dollhouse . my daughter likes to pretend her dolls are in their backyard grilling and sitting by the fire .
this was a game my granddaughter loved and it was so helpful in her letter learning . she sat and played with the games for hours .
thy were nice clips . none were broken . i don't know what they cost at the store , but i felt i got a bargain .
my 3 year old niece loves this puzzle box . she loves anything hello kitty but the puzzles are fun too .
i love cleo's attitude , she's got a great sense of fashion and she's funny ! i like her dead tired outfit since it looks fancy just like her !
he loves puzzles and this one is no exception . much fun for him . he took to to school for his math teacher to try !
super cute and still works after owning it for two years . elmo also sits up without leaning on anything . the sled is just the packaging .
these are big so you can't lose them that easily , as well as they are great for younger kids cuz they can't swallow them
oh yeah , and by skinny jeans i mean its a super tight fit and you might grunt putting it on .
my grandson gets legos for most every occasion . he loves them and so do i . good , clean , & safe fun
full set of train track and accoutrements . a delightful toy that the kids love !
little baby rex is cute . small toy but i guess it is so that it is in scale with the adult rex sold by papo
lots of separate rattles / chew toys . i think it is a great original gift to through in the baby shower bag .
my four year old grandson is rough and tough , and this is the perfect car for him . and it has a police dog , bonus !
it's a nice set , constructed very well . my 3 year old daughter enjoys it . it's very sturdy and well made .
much smaller than i thought , action is nice but too small , llx has nothing :( , but the quality is very good toy
this blanket / puppet is cute and any little girl is sure to love it . they are very soft and cuddly . i would recommend them to anyone .
i don't know who likes this product more , my son or me . it seems to hold of well except the net often times comes undone .
legos for girls ! what a great marketing idea - genius ! my granddaughter and her friends love these sets and collecting all of the friends included .
we started with the very basic family version . this one allows you complete liberty in establishing the board set up . really nice idea !
cute cake playset for play-doh . again , my daughter is a big fan of play-doh related toys , and this one really made her happy .
my granddaughter is very talented and enjoyed making her on art prints with these papers . i am so lad i bought them !
very cute pens . im using them for my daughters 7th birthday tea party favor along with a journal . good quality for the price .
great material the putty it comes with last for all stars just don't over compensate it glows really well children loved it
this was the first engine i purchased for my grandson . he prefers the musical engines ( naturally ) . it's well made and very cute , though .
we love all the colors . they last well and have a good stroke . we use them for coloring and lots of artwork
dont know what to really say , the beads came quick un chipped and to my expectations and with plenty of beads .
wow this brings back amazing childhood memories ! buy it for all the kids you know its tons of fun and educational as well !
this was a birthday gift for my 5 year old granddaughter and she loves it . i received it on time and packaging was wonderful .
great addition to my collection of toy planes for my two year old grandson . he loves planes ! good to find green toys made for kids .
these sunglasses are so cute . they are going in my american girl's christmas stocking . they add a neat touch to her beach outfit
i ordered this for my nephew . it sounds like he really enjoys it ! it is definitely cost efficient for people on a budget - and great quality !
i gave this to my nephew and he really enjoyed it . it is sturdy and the wheels on the cars and truck work very good .
santa brought these to our house on christmas day . we haven't played outside with them yet but we have rode them all over the house .
granddaughter loves playing and learning with this on her leapfrog ! glad i purchased here for such an amazing deal over regular retail ! recommend !
the " s " clips work so much better than the " c " clips . they are more secure . i personally recommend them . :)
they all fit barbie perfectly ! ! and are ultra awesome and cool looking high heels ! ! five stars all the way , here ...
this toy entertains and teaches and there aren't any pieces to lose . it's wonderful !
did not like just boring the little screen not good at all to see clearly just dissapointed not intresing at all for my toddler
you made a little girl happy . doll travelled to thailand . i know my niece and her friends will enjoy this doll .
great product some really cool looking marbles great deal for the price my daughter loves them might get more to share
great game to play ! bought it as a replacement to my sister's old jenga game . she loves it ! play for hours .
it said not to use sidewalk chalk . i ordered this for my grandson chalk board . he hasn't used it yet but it is fine .
my daughter had an amazing time with this set . and it was much easier to assemble than most equivalent barbie type toys .
my son and daughter ( ages 3 & 1 1/2 ) love playing with this product . it is easy to put together and easily stored .
i loved this item so much i went ahead and got the tim and dave figures as well . these are my daily " stress management " solution .
we ordered this for christmas and it was a huge hit with my daughter ... and even my husband ! lol great girl gift !
she liked it a lot , her daughter was looking for it for a long time . when she got it you could see her smile all over
my kids bash this truck around and it still works . the sounds are great , it goes back and forth . they love it .
a nice selection of shoes . some don't fit on the barbie , but worked with a couple of fairy dolls my daughter has .
my 6 year old and 2 year old play with these all the time . very durable !
after searching other baby doll sets for our doll house , i decided this had the most pieces for the same price .
my daughter loves to play with this toy in the bath tub . it was a little tricky putting it together but not too bad .
my son loves pushing the buttons and dancing to the music . and its not as annoying as some other noise making toys .
he wore out the first one . one of the best musical toys for children . most of them are junk . this is good .
my son loves these . the big one is always the mommy and she loves to give rides to her kids . :)
we have so much fun playing with these . it is always fun to see what all is inside . we have hours of amusing games with them .
she was so excited to read on her very own ! feeling all grown up now and acting precocious as can be ! what a joy !
the grand kids love playing with their new kitchen center . very well made , be sure it doesn't tip over since it is very heavy .
love the variety and vibrancy of these colors . my kids love the scented ones . good price for what you get .
my grandsons play with the gargage truck and car carrier along with making the appropriate sounds of machines at work .
yeah thomas and friends ! this little guy is just as well made as the others , and my grandson loves it !
i love play dough .. my kids do too and they have now learned their shapesget a plastic play knife out so they can cut the shapes nice and crisp
i love it.got this for my daughter's collection ... she already has over 100 of the pets and would like to collect triplets !
my girls have played with this toy for 5 years ! ! they alternate who gets to be the teacher ... it's durable , fun and i highly recommend .
fun game ... like apples to apples but adult . if you or others in your group are easily offended you should not play this game !
my grand son and i hade a lot of fun over the holidays with these legos . very nice gift to any for child .
this is the holy grail of the whole rubber band crazed pre-teen group ... at least for now . she's still using it .
received this in brand new packaging just like you would if you bought it from the store . my wife and kids love this and would definitely purchase again .
a stocking gift for my husband . he had fun playing with it with the grandkids . the pieces were ' cute ' for zombies .
we bought these along with some others for our daughters 2nd birthday . she loves pushing them around and making car noises !
the handles make it easy to grasp and my granddaughter enjoys placing the pieces in the correct spot . good first learning tool .
good product . colors are pretty and the lounge is useful in the water . seems durable and holding up after 2 years .
bought as a gift , so i am actually sure of the quality , but the little boy said it was awesome . so i'll go off of that
bought for my grandaughter who is nine . she loves it . would buy again as she seems to like these things at this age .
nice and roomy . well made . could use a place to put really small things like earrings . overall , excellent . my daughter is very happy .
good quality and fun , but nothing special . it may help her learn a few key words , but it's rather repetitive . so-so rating
very well made , beautifully painted . very sturdy and solid . perfect size , very happy with this as i collect mlp figurines .
got this classic toy as a gift for the nephew but found it hard to put all the pieces back into the case .
the children enjoy the shape sorter ! it's good for them to recognize shapes and learn how to place shapes where it will be the right fit !
the doll is very cute , but i think amazon did a price gouge at 28.00+ for a 12.99 doll . so cute , but too pricey
i bought this for my great newphew who is 5 for one of his christmas presents and he really loved it .
great buy for doll's wedding outfits ; fit is good and they look very elegant . the little girls love the flower trim on the top too .
this was a christmas gift for a toddler and he absolutely loves it ! bright colors are great and the blocks are easy to grasp !
i love the set and would recommend , esp previously for the price i got it for around black friday . hth !
this looks like a cute product , we have not opened it yet though , it was bought as a holiday item .
these wooden toys are perfect for my day care kids . the quality is good . love the look of the toy
bought this for my 6 year old son for christmas , 2011 . he loves the toy , lots of fun , durable . the price was great .
we love this game ! what fun ! even our 2 year old can play ( with some help ) . i would recommend this to any family !
ya win some , ya lose some . this wasn't worth the price . it is orange , not brown and rather goofy looking .
its a bit on the small side but its the perfect size for him to do at the dinner table . quality is great !
the football can throw really far but it has a very hard nose and hurts to catch it when it is thrown hard at all .
very nice wood pieces and it comes with a nice box to put all the pieces in . all my kids love them and were busy playing with them tonight
my daughter loved it ! she is really adorable and the little wings on the back are a cute addition compared to the ones that dont come with wings :)
he needed no help and is on a mission to build every lego fire truck that exists . he has already used his christmas money to buy another one .
this works awesome ! ! ! it puts out a lot of bubbles . it works just as well with dollar store bubble solution . my kids love it .
very cool cop car gargoyles cop comes with a look like for service at very cool must buy you will love it
kids love it and play with it everyday ! would buy again and would definitely recommend to others for their children .
my granddaughter really really likes this . i love that you can just fold it up and put it away . would definately recommend .
granddaughter loves lego and minecraft so this was a great birthday gift for her . for those lego fans , this is a good choice .
this stuff is mesmerizing . i mix it with iron filings , and my grandkids are fascinatedwhen i make it move with a magnet . thank you
i got this for my 8 month old . it's probably better for a child a little older but still lots of fun with nice fun music .
death star and collectible tie interceptor ... nuf said , one of the best in the collection by far . looks really great sitting next to the xwing .
these things are huge . i bought 2 and wish i hadn't . now what do i do with them . they take up too much space .
daughter loves this little set , and it has been very versatile and nothing has broken ! it goes great in the nursery of our dollhouse .
my 4 year old seems to like it . it's nice that they make educational tools that help parents keep track on how well your child is doing .
a happy customer in hawaii ! i bought these for my son's preschool . cheaper than at education works , and save time , money and gas !
brings back memories of my childhood . works well . nice compact size although i can't see using this for traveling unless you have nerves of steel . lol .
i've been eyeing these for years , finally broke down and got myself one . love it ! i use it as both toy and decor .
enjoy ... it was hours of fun running around being chasedtop holiday toy in my book ! ! ! purchased a few for gifts this year ! ! !
sturdy figure , easy to transform . not like some of the others that take a while to manipulate . my son can transform this one with easy .
my daughter luved this gift as she is a big fan of coraline . the doll looks just like her and the doll goes everywhere on daughters bookshelf .
this was great . it's the perfect way for learning upper and lower case letters . teaches the kids how the letters sound when you play with them .
it's large , well made , and as pictured . should make a cute present for stockings should we actually get snow this year !
cheap price , cheap item . okay if you're buying these for a children's birthday party with plans to throw them away after . but not for repeated use .
very simple and entertaining . my little one is 4 years old and loves this toy . helps with hand and eye skills and with identifing colors .
i bought this due to ratings i read ... 5 year old played with it for a short period of time but quickly became bored with it .
this game is the great excitement of all my students of all levels . i really recommend it for every child .
i bought this for my 10 year old niece as a christmas gift . she loves it ! less expensve than the american girl brand and fits perfectly .
my 2 year old loves pascal and loves this stuffed animal . its not a soft stuffed animal , its more hard , but perfect for playing with .
nice quality , all works as described , what makes this great is how much you get in this set for the price .
cute product . arrived quick . puppet part works good . but the blanket itself is very small . little disappointed in the size ,
exactly what i expected . can't beat it for the price . the purple is a dark color so works great for my 5 year old boy .
takes me back to when i was a child . my son has one and i actually bought this is a gift
my 2yr old loves this phone . she carries it everywhere . the volume is low but thats a good thing . she calls it " baby's iphone " .
my little 1yr old niece loves this ! she plays with it all the time . i would absolutely recommend this to others .
can't say how much my twin grandboys love this , they had me playing more than one time , they were very happy
the animals look realistic , are brightly coloured and helped my 2 year old son learn about animals . it includes all the popular animals .
our almost 5 year old loved all his imaginext castle gifts . this catapult provided some creative play with his older brother .
worked for what i intended ... downloaded a few games for the kids on each of their tablets . thanks so much
he has learned the names of the dinosaurs and has enjoyed [ playing ith the weapons . it is quite fun to watch him play with these toys .
she doesn't really look like " dora " but little kids aren't as detailed as adults . it's a durable product and my daughter loves it .
another great lego product . this truck is really a pretty good size . the box is a little misleading but it has been pretty sturdy .
great price and fast shipment . my grandson loved the flashlight . it is useful and looks great . i should have bought 2 .
i bought this for my 2 - year old . she loves playing with it . it keeps her attention and is a sturdy toy for two year olds /
my 18 month old loves looking at all of the books and holding violet . i'm sure she will get even more out of it as she gets older .
this was perfect for my nephew . i really liked that it had an off button that way it would not wake him .
the elves in the movie had this style skirt , and my daughter wanted one for her elf . fits perfectly , and it very cute
i bought several of these dolls as christmas gifts and this one was my favorite . she's really pretty and the price was great for this ite . m
my girls love this an they enjoy playing with it . it is kind of like an introduction to role playing .
no complaints , they work just as expected . fit fine for the looms and overall no complaints about quality control . yay .
it is exactly what i thought is would be and our the child who was 3 that received it just loves it .
her gown is gore-geous and her slippers are to die for ! she lurks hauntingly spooktacular lounging in her bed . bootiful !
kids had a good time playing this , it kept them occupied for quite awhile . easy to learn and play , adults may like it also .
extremely annoying . my son drop it ( on our carpeted floor ) and it hasn't worked since . i changed the batteries and everything , nothing . dead .
they are very durable . only downside is that not taht many red ones but thats ok . i'm going to buy them again
my son was so excited to get his veryown sock monkey . quality is good and it seemed just like the classic one i use to have !
bought this for our son's 3rd birthday . he figured out how to use it in no time and just loves it !
this goes really well with the campfire kids wood chopping set and a tent . kids love to play they are going camping .
can fit more than two barbies because some ride on the top . great gift for my 9 year old daughter .
i brought my granddaughter a 18 " doll for xmas and got this to go with it she just loves it
great little guys my son will love these when he opens them at christmas thanks again for a great product
seven year old daughter loves this set . she couldn't wait to open it . she was able to build it on her own .
this is perfect for our 4 year old granddaughter . she is just getting to barbies and plays with this every day !
got this for my 10 year old and he loves it . but who doesn't like legos ? they're fun and educational .
its a cute boat for the tub . it floats and my son loves to play with it in the bath tub .
our baby loves this toy . prepare to listen to " under the sea " about 1,000 a day . but , the baby really enjoys playing with it .
just added to the fun of the pirate party . would definately come back if i did another pirate party ! !
used these as a party favor for my daughter's fifth birthday party , kept the girls busy for an hour and they all seemed to really enjoy them !
my son likes the blue building plate so much , he uses it as the blue ocean , and he puts his lego ships on it .
i have found better science kits in stores for the same price or cheaper . not a good buy and i would not recommend a purchase .
we ordered this for christmas and it was a huge hit with my daughter ... and even my husband ! great girl / boy gift !
i watched my grandaughter play these games and she loved them . very age appropriate , good quality , and enjoyable for her .
bought with the i play motorized mobiles and the mindscope neon glow neo tracks and all of them are a great combination .
these characters are being enjoyed by my grandkids . it was fun to build with them , goes tiwh the other lone ranger legos well .
i cannot rate this because it was not for me . i had it sent to my grandchild . it was on her wish list .
great price for this doll grand daughter will love it when she opens christmas love her look and grand daughter loves color purple her outfit is this color shipped quick
my son can not stop playing with this plush . he has a blast playing mario and sonic games on the wii . awesome !
perfect filler gift for my daughter - she uses the loom braclet maker all the time
favorite game of 8 year old grandson is minecraft and he likes the plush characters also .
great little contraption to add to the sand toy bucket . should have ordered more than one ... can already foresee my kids fighting over this one .
this is a great addition to the main set a must buy if you have a party and hours to play
another set of camper ! my some love this set , mostly he collects are camper set ... the design is great !
this is great for children who love to follow the box or get more and mix and match . careful with little ones putting pieces into their mouths .
something about tiny items has mesmerized both of my children and this fits the bill . both kids have played with these for hours .
this one i loved my grandson has enjoyed it so much he plays with it all tyhe time very nice
granddaughter loved the colors . the size was just right , some of these tea sets are too small . and it seems very sturdy and unbreakable .
my son loves this and wants to wear it everything ... yes i do mean everywhere ! adorable and he wants to fix everything now . :) love this !
i have started to add to my grandson's thomas collection of engines by now purchasing interesting train cars . he loves all of them .
these winter village sets are wonderful . grand daughters love the winter village pieces.hope you keep coming out with more ! then i can keep adding to their collection !
this melissa & doug puzzle is exactly what i thought it would be ~ ~ entertaining and stimulating for mygranddaughter . great quality , too !
great color great pictures the shipping is fast and the price is great . my daycare kids love these puzzles . you get 6 puzzle in 1 .
my 1 yr old loves this toy , it is educational and fun . she loves the music and pushing the ears . a must have for toddlers ! !
great remake of a great g1 bot . so glad to see him done right paying homage to the original . a must buy
these are great clothes , and a good size pack , got this before it became outrageous in price , all monster high dolls need clothes ! !
purchased this melissa and doug see & spell item which came highly recommended for my first nephew . now it will come in handy for my second nephew .
this is a great game for young kiddos ! we have two little boys who have fun with this game every time they play !
she loves this set . goes great with the castle and unicorn set she received for christmas . well made set like playmobil better than lego .
this scooter was a lot bigger than i thought & my granddaughter loved it , couldn't wait to play with it .
these made some cool bracelets and my granddaughter even made my puppy a necklace so that i'd be able to see her in the dark ! !
this is a very cute toy . i really like that is was wooden . to much plastic in our lives . cute
it's boy / girl color . it's fun . it's durable . no sugar.made a great alternative to a goody bag at a prek birthday .
got this for my nephew for christmas , he loves these blocks ! really happy with this product , would definitely buy again .
got this to go with the mandaklorian battle pack and the speeder , now my grandson can have a battle royal when he wants to
this kit was cheap and i wanted it because i got the first one with only one torso , so this is for collection purposes only
this is a fun toy that my children enjoyed and now my grandchildren enjoy . noisy but other than that it is great .
what a fun way to teach about air pressure to curious kids . we love this kit ! ! ! ! !
grandson liked this box for his collection of beyblades . this was a christmas present and he was surprised i found a box for his blades .
i got this for my 1 year old son and he loved it . he likes hitting it seeing the different colors and sounds .
item was received in pristine condition . wonderful item , item is in great condition and made a wonderful gift . i would order again .
my 10 year old grand son is obsessed with monopoly and i bought this to get some relief . he likes this too so it is a good alternative .
this stroller is great for little mommies . i would recommend it for ages 2 to 4 years old . i wouldn't leave it outside in bad weather .
this item contains a small tub of little pellets that go into the bath water for varied color.it seems harmless and fun for our daughter .
great addition to the imaginext sets , but if you are lucky , you will find it much cheaper elsewhere . he is hard to find though .
i'm a fan of monster high dolls ! i recomend this doll if you like draculaura dolls ! it's really a artistic !
this is so cute will make a great monster high doll look great price i bought for xmas gift try it
these are great for our painting fun . my son loves them and they give him great variety in texture for his work .
my 2 and 5 year old grandsons loved playing with this ! they enjoyed the idea of giving a car wash to all of their matchbox cars .
got as much colors as needed . my daughter was able to things using different colors that was available . many various colors to choose from .
this is a good party game for speed and a testof how observant one really is . it is also a good game to play speedily solitaire .
got this for my grandson for christmas and he was facinated ! played and played with him ... the face is really cute !
my son has enjoyed koko a lot and he has been rough with it but its still going strong . fun toy .
great for yhoes rainy day with nothing to do but be really creative . and using their imagination is a must ..
bought this book as a easter gift for my grand-daughter . she loves it , she is a begining reader . very nice book thanks . birdladypoole
this is not nearly as good as the melissa and doug one . bad paper , poor images , barely there paint . do not waste your money .
my grandson loves turtles . i think they are rather expensive for what you get . he loved them . i think you are paying for the name .
make sure your child is old enough not to chew on this little cars . goes great with micro mack truck
these kept the kids occupied for a few hours but then they forgot about them . maybe to many other toys to play with on christmas ?
he loves following the moon phases . great as a nightlight or just as a learning tool . wonderful product ! so glad i bought this for him
perfect for little hands , a great way to learn . good quality . i can't complain , the munchkin loves him !
great price and cute book . i like how you can choose to read the book and how the characters also say different things .
my son just loves this . he calls him rexi . this product was even better once we got him . it is a great product , very durable .
great product good quality , awesome colors , i would recommend these to all little girls who like playing barbies.great stocking stuffers
love this item for the doll house . the pillow and blanket come attached . dolls fit on perfectly can even get two on .
these planes are well made - - sturdy and nicely painted . my 9 year old son loves them . i expect them to last for years .
my family has played this one a couple of times since we got it . it's okay , but not a staple game we play .
every since my son received these on christmas day he's been play games with his friends and trading them everyone wants his cards .
this is big ... this made a big smile happen on christmas the size was amazing and worked with all his existing megablocks
my 3-4 yr old son adores transformers . this is easy for him to transform himself . i got him the four rescue bots and he loves them all
daughter loves this . i think it could be made better , but i think that or 99 % of the toys these days .
ordered these cubes to help my daughter with her math . they worked very well , my 3 year old also likes playing with them .
my grandson loves this lego set . i got this for him for christmas and he plays with it a lot .
bought this for my 3 year old son , he loves dinosaur train . and this one is hard to find in stores where i live .
big hit as a birthday gift . seems durable and is a lot of fun . we even took a turn with it for a bit and had a blast
we have gone through 6 sets of batteries in this thing because the child won't stop " fixing " things . great toy
these are a pair of cheap fun glasses . you really can see behind you ! my kids received these for christmas as stocking stuffers . very cool .
this is a fabulous gift idea for my crafty girls . my sister has made so many different things with this tape .
used by both 2 and 5 year old grand kids . still works after 3 plus months of use so must be ok .
these were the most amazing ballons i have ever seen . great colors and very sturdy . they are perfect for a safari birthday party .
i bought this trnsformer for my great nephews birthday because he loves transformers and this is his second favorite one of all .
my son has a lot of fun chasing his big sister around the house with this and racing her mlp cars . we were very happy with this purchase .
the camouflage look makes it a little more boy friendly . as i know quite a few boys like making the bracelets too .
great set for the scooby lover ! just hide the ooze from little ones or have it go outside to be used .
they were a little smaller than i expected , and a couple of them arrived broken inside the package . overall , the kids still seemed to like them .
very cute shoes . fits american girl doll perfectly , and at the fraction of the price . my daughter loves them a lot .
love this card for my 3 and 5 yr . sturdy and well made . great for building your child's word base and improving language .
the set is fun for kids age 3 to 8 years . this is a cute set . it was a good value .
beautiful horsesthe first week the kids work on this puzzle through the day . now this horse puzzle is finished in 20 min
very cute doll . only thing i did not like is the hat is held on by a tiny gumband so if it brakes it is no longer usable .
very entertaining - so many different extras you can do , great for driving in long distance in the car , my girls are always finding another activity ...
my grandkids have always loved this train and the idea that spencer talks is quite a bonus . i have both spencer and henry.so we can have races .
this is a very cute set . the pieces fit together nicely , realistic looking and the best part is they are made in america and are non toxic .
my friend bought this for additional " ammo " for his nerf gun and says that this was just what he wanted !
my nephew was excited to receive this as a gift , but i have not heard whether or not it works well .
great toy . lots of color and great play for granddaughter who loves anything ariel . order was very prompt and easy .
while the material quality of this toy is ok , the sound was dead out of the box . fortunately my kid doesn't care about that .
buttercup doll is a good quality doll and i would buy it again . my one year old granddaughter plays with it a lot .
very realistic and life like . sturdy construction and can take a fair amount of abuse from a 5 year old and a toddler .
we give these out for in gift bags and they are a big hit with the kids every time.will be buying again .
great item ! the grasshopper shakes and vibrates when the sun hits the panel directly ! great way to teach kids about solar energy !
durable . my son loved in initially , but no longer plays with it . easy to move the parts to " transform " . good concept .
these are just the cutest and they work so well as cake toppers and later toys for the birthday child .
the broom can be ridden like a stick horse with the antennae becoming hand holds . they are very nice the children love them for both sweeping & riding
this item is so darn cute . my daughter likes the way that you can attach frankie and charge her up .
this does not fill up 260 balloons well . the qualatex pump is much better . would recommend that pump to others .
my family loves this game ! ! if you like domino's you'll love triominos ! i would say it's great for kids 7 and over .
the wild science wild physics and cool chemistry kit was purchased as a gift and the gift exchange is this coming week .
worked great ! handed these out for halloween to help keep the kiddos safe . kids loved them ! i will order them again next year .
my granddaughter loves the dresses and shoes that came with this pack of accessories . she is in a " cinderella " moment and is having fun with it .
5 year old grand daughter is very happy with the penguin , it is very cute and it is one of her favorites
my 3 year old plays for hours on end . he can change the tracks easily and change the design of the tracks placements a lot .
my kids ( ages 4 and 7 years ) love playing this game - - and i do too ! it's easy to learn and lots of fun .
had to give this to younger children as my 7 year old was not interested in such a simplistic game .
it's a long track and fun to play with . my son loves it ! the built quality is ok but for the price it's worth it ..
my daughter loves this toy ! ! ! she is obsessed with the lip stick , but she does love the blush toy too !
melissa and doug felt eraser is durable and cleans well off an easel . worth the money and will buy again .
this was for my daughter and it was great for her set to continue making us cute artsy things . her and her friends spend hours playing with this .
gave thes out for presents kids liked em they're jelly like rings don't know how well they will hold up to taking them on or off
the plastic in the drum area doesn't sound great , but the rest of the instruments sound well . my 12 month old gravitates to it often .
toy was too small compare to what we had expected . it made in china and grossly overpriced . but we love to play with it .
it arrived on time and was the correct part . this was sent by techntoys and i don't have anything but praise for this company .
absolutely love this ciddly babydoll . boght it for a 2 yr old good quality and very soft and cuddly . the item arrived prompt
my daughter is happy , i really like lego friends , i learned from his brother , he loves lego movielove this products
grandkids loved them . we took them with us to the disney show and they were very happy with them . i'd reccommentd
a family member recommended this to us . it is a great game , challenging young minds and adult minds alike . i highly recommend this to any family .
i purchased this to go with snow white cottage and was not disappointed.since the cottage comes with a snowwhite and dwarf she was happy shehas 2 snow white princesses .
bought these for my niece for either a birthday or christmas present . either way , she very much enjoys them and i very much enjoy that !
love this little pool ! this is cute and so adorable . my kids loves this so much especially with the sun shade .
this is a fun add on to the x-wing core game . i got two and we play with them often .
great gift for a toddler . very cute , life-like , and extremely sturdy and well made . worth the cost . considering buying other animals also .
this is the one puzzle that has stood the test of time and manages to keep my sons interest almost a year later . highly recommend
my child loves to play with this toy . she is not even 2 yet and dances and sings the songs .
good to have options that don't cost an arm and a leg . the ag doll needs accessories like these for play
for horse loving girls this is a crowd pleaser ! there are several games you can play and several ages can play together depending on the game .
you can't go wrong with diecast . puffer pete looks just like he does in the cartoon and is made out of great long lasting product .
cannot wait to give to our grand daughter for christmas . grandpa built a wooden cradle too so all is good for christmas !
recipient of gift loved it ! she is into helping momy clean so she uses it to be just like mommy !
some of the animals did not make sounds . the puzzle should come with batteries , otherwise my granddaugher enjoyed playing with the puzzle .
well-built and my granddaughter loved this ! goes just the right speed as well . durable and any little girl would love to ride this .
less right angles and more natural curves that use of gravitational control make this puzzle unique from it's cousins . great challenge .
the buzz light year rocket lights up . i guess she wants to stay invisible . i have more fun with it than my kid as usual
so cute and very well-made ! fits our molly american girl doll perfectly and my grandaughter has one almost just like it !
bought this for my 4 year old and she loves it . it came quickly and as pictured . provided many hours of enjoyment for one happy little girl !
it's probably only worth about $ 10 , really not much to it and the buttons are a bit hard to press for a youngster .
purchased this item to go with a halloween costume for my son . item has held up and is so far durable . would recommend .
my grandson loves everything from this legos ninjago group ; easy to piece together and he's pleased with the addition to his collection .
great toy for 20 month old who loved pushing it everywhere . a little noisy but that was why he liked it .
my girls loved to play with this unicorn . good for a 3-5 year old and any little girls who loves stuffed animals .
this is a must to extend the little ones fun.these train are quite amusing for the little ones and the bigger the track the better :)
more john deere green , grandson loved this also . he is looking like a farmer like his daddy . neat o item .
my daughter loves this doll . its a very cute doll and i would recommend this product . one of the cuter ones i think .
bought this for my eight year old niece . she wasn't impressed , but i had a lot of fun with it .
kids loved it.it was used as a small stocking stuffer and it was a good buy since they were quite amused .
i bought this for a birthday gift for my daughters friend . she loved it . the key ring book was the favorite . now my daughter wants one .
these are such great toys we bought for our 4year old nephew he absolutely loved them so i was happy
my grandson loves everything that is of minecraft . this was one of the items we ordered him that he asked for .
decorative little plastic pirate flags could be used for a pirate theme party . or great for kids to use when playing pirate with their other pirate toys .
the kids like it but it's not much fun . there is not enough action to keep there attention for my kids .
small , but cute , great for my 2 year old who loves banging . music is not bad either . its not annoying or anything
very cheaply made looks cheaper in person . my niece hasn't played much with it so i can not attest to its durability but i wouldn't purchase it again .
this guy is to cool my grandson loves him to go with his dinos and castle . made sturdy for rough play and will last years well worth the purchase
a gift for my granddaughter , she wanted this . took us a while to figure out how to get the dress down , but it is neato .
the spinner works great too . i like pretending i'm a squirrel when i play this game , say's my five year old .
durable , sparkly , and simple . my two year old loves hers ! and the hair does not require extra care ! it stays untangled
wonderful detail , excellent quality . purchased for an 8yo boy . we are very pleased with this item . will definitely be buying more schleich in the future .
my grandson loves this toy ! it makes him laugh and dance ! ! always a joy to see . fisher price brand has never disappointed me !
melissa and doug puzzles are great . this is a beautiful wooden puzzle that will last for years . it is very well made and the colors are vibrant .
fun and creative . my two girls got this for their birthday's and they have hours of fun changing clothes , shoes and accessories .
works good . looks good . my kid loves it.just simply not a $ 30 toy considering its a low volt flashlight at best .
although my almost 2 and 4 year old are not interested in it that much . also why picture two boards when you only get one ?
this was the best puzzle we've done in a long time . it was great for all of us , ages 6 - 40 !
kind of a pointless toy . maybe my 2 year old will like it better when he is older and can have more playmobil stuff to go with it .
my granddaughter loves this movie and any toy associated with it . i love making her happy . she loves this doll ! its soft and machine washable .
my son loves this toy . it seems to be made well and keeps him occupied for long stretches of time .
it is amazing how long this bey spins even while being hit by strong attacks or against other stamina types .
thank you for saving us from all the frustration of having to take the cards out of the kids hands and fix them each time .
it was bought for a bday present for a 8 yo boy who loves star wars . he saw it and quoted a half hour for completion !
my kids have three versions of spot-it and love playing them all . spot-it on the road can be played in the car or anywhere .
this was a gift for my grand daughter . it turned out to be multi purpose , it's a toy , teething ring , and a ball .
product is just as described and was delivered on time . we bought this along with the my first lab duo-scope microscope and he loves both .
we have coocoo the clown and enjoy that . so i thought this would be a winner , too . wrong . stick with coocoo .
two of my grandsons love all of the power ranger toys---this one gives them many more hours of fun and they use it with all of their other toys .
great for pretend play ... my girls love it . great to teach them farm animal names and sounds , too .
so much fun to use . i also did get pretty good at pushing the small button when it was extended rather than having to push the bottom button .
i would recommend this product . the battery fits into the syma s107 and keeps a charge . the battery does take a charge when re-charged .
my son loves this , he stays still and quiet . he will play with it or thirty minutes uninterrupted , i just live it .
we love all the cars and you have to have hippie fillmore to have a complete collection.he lives organic fuel .
got for my baby when she was 11 months old , till now she is 17 months she still play with it .
is in great condition no flaws anywhere . my granddaughter will love it as she is getting it for christmas 2013
i like this doll . she is a good addition to my baby doll collection . she is pretty and good for cuddling .
my son loves these magnets . lot of fun for the preschoolers ! he puts them on the fridge and the dishwasher !
i bought this for my 3 year old brother and he really likes it . it keeps him engaged for quite awhile and has a good education value .
my granddaughter can only sleep with soft characters so was very excited to get this in addition to her talking sofia .
fun little game . easy to learn . quick to play . good for two players or 4 players . deductive reasoning really helps . very re-playable .
my 2 1/2 year old likes this game and it is not too complicated for her . she and i both are pleased with the purchase !
my grandson has really enjoyed this and has had fun playing the games and learning new words and numbers . would recommend for your vtech computer .
as with all these books , this one is very colorful and a good story . the kids really like it a lot .
my great grandson believes he is an artist while slinging his paint brush and i have no mess to clean up .
i think they are a bit freaky , but other than that , this doll is lovely ;)
light and easy to use but good luck keeping track of the disks . the sounds are great , i just wish it would knock the castle door open
this is a good basic piece . it has been useful , since my grandson now builds more complicated and larger structures .
six years old and still works . i can't believe my kid still pulls out her leapster and plays with it .
5 year old daughter loves this game . wish it came with extra marbles as of course we have already lost one .
i won't be pay it again but it was ok . my kids had a hard time putting it together it kept falling apart
the 24 month olds really enjoyed this . the colors and then the insects really made it interesting for them .
i got this for my daughter for her 4th birthday and she loves it ! it is one of the best ones yet !
he likes star wars and loves to play with legos . i'm happy he's happy would i recommend it sure would .
received a genuine syma s107g . with a b channel selection and green light on pc board.flies great and looks even nicer .
my one year old loves this because she can play with the ipad . it's durable and we haven't had any problems . she also loves the app .
works well , attaches to my suv ( honda pilot ) fine . sits pefectly in her lap ... she sits in a car seat .
they work . they're fun . they motivate kids to dive . we love ' em . they are always packed in our ymca swimming bag .
the blocks were very easy to put together and didn't take long at all . it is a great tool for the imagination and seems long lasting .
the hair was oddly greasy and the dress is hard to turn and velcro for a five year old . it's pretty and she likes it though ..
purchased this as a gift for my friend's son . she said he loved it and that all over her 4 kids played with it all afternoon .
if you need a good minecraft gift , this is a good small project . not really hard to assemble but follow the directions always with lego .
i purchased this toy for my grandson ... hazard free , and are great intertainment toys for long playing in the bathtub . the characters are so cute .
adds to any mythology collection . colorful and durable . these pieces are authentic looking and very detailed . every kid would love this .
my 5 years old son love jake and the never land pirates . and sure love this island . good material . .
melissa and doug products are a great buy . good quality and this product matches up with the description perfectly . a must buy
this was a smaller toy than i expected and it doesnt do anything . my son does not play with it much .
my son loves imaginext . and he loved this toy that we gave him for christmas . good size for a 5 year old .
these tablets really spruce up bath time for my little one and she loves picking out which color we will use !
i love this pink easel and i cannot wait to give it to my daughter for her birthday in a few days
fun for anyone old enough to read / spell . bought a few for friends and they all love them . a little addicting !
this is a little larger than the original but will fit with no problems , plus you get a little extra flying time ! ! !
i really thought this would have a lot more pages . the content that is there is nice , but just not enough for the price .
my 9 and 7 year old boys love these lego toys . they are like lego action figures and they enjoy playing with them . great product for them .
my granddaughter keeps adding to her collection of monster high dolls and mattel keeps coming out with these incredible litle monsters :)
this is a small container incase you want to know , but the bands are just sturdy and indeed colorful my niece loves it .
my daughter is just starting to recongize animals and she loves this tall giraffe that is in her play room
great little addition for christmas . it wasn't too expensive and i'm glad it came in such a useful storage container .
i just gave this to my grandson for his birthday , hasn't had a lot of time to use it , i think he will enjoy it
granddaughter loves this toy and has really learned a lot from it ! we had to buy a second one as her first died after so much use !
2nd best gift we got for our little grandson . the first best gift we got him was the leappad itself .
nice addition to he magiclip princesses . i also thought the extra dress was cute . this goes great with the anna magiclip .
we have several of the mario character plush and they have held up well with rigorous play . they are super cute and a nice size .
i purchased this game for my 6 year old great granddaughter for christmas and she said she seemed very happy with it
magnets are not that strong and not really a good item if you have more than one kid , but other than that it's okay .
great for all there monster high dolls . just a plain tub with a vanity to me . but it was a good price when i purchased it
this was a gift and i was told that the little child loved it , it was nicely designed and colorful and fun
i ordered these for my 5 yr old granddaughter . she sits and plays with these for hours . great product for 5 yr old .
these are durable little toys ! my grandson is obsessed with rescue bots and makes up new scenarios with his every day .
i wouldn't buy this if your child wanted to view the stars but it's a good gift for the one that has an imagination of pirates and oceans ! !
great size for sitting on a display shelf . excellent detail . love their look . great addition to a walking dead collection .
giggles and makes cute sounds . what else to expect from elmo ? my daughter doesn't play with it much but it works well .
these are adorable and perfect with the princess house . the price isn't too bad considering they are never in the stores . this a definite for christmas .
very nicely made . sturdy . my granddaughter and i have had great fun working together to assemble this puzzle . very colorful .
solid constuction - great for the imagination . our son has taken his train table play to the air . great toy .
this series 5 is amazing ! go for it ! it is well made ! loved it . this is a must in series 5
gave this as a christmas gift , and later as a bd gift . they are both adult men and they loved them .
this doll finished our collection and it meant so much to my grand daughter to have this specific doll ;)
both my 4 and 2 yr love this . perfect especially for those little ones who don't know how to petal . cup holders are a fun touch too !
these are a good addition to our percussion instruments . they are a good size for small hands and make an interesting sound .
these are fun for diving . they don't really stand up any more . we have had them probably about a month .
nice quality balloons and held air for a couple of days the print and colors are also true to the photo .
my grand daughter's eye's lit up when she saw the barbie . she has tried all the combinations and is absolutely fascinated .
the people who design these sets are to be commended . the attention to detail is amazing . assembling legos is so good for brain development .
my daughter loves playing with this pot and pan set . it is a great size for putting her pretend food in .
this value pack provides extra s-clip connectors rubber band loom crafts . good supply and no problems noted with quality to date .
was a good price , but you get what you pay for . i was a little disappointed in the quality of this product .
my two year old granddaughter loves anything she can hug and this really fits the bill . great gift for you little one .
planning the 2nd birthday of my granddaughter , this was a must ! she adores elmo and this was a big hit ! thank you so much !
this is very cute but more for looks than play . not much else you can do with it unless you have another mr . potato head .
junior was a great addition to godzilla vs destroyah and sh monsterarts captures him perfectly . shippment was also fast and curtious .
purchased as a gift for our friends ' daughter . she loves the puzzles . she is 3 1/2 yo . pieces are nice size for small hands .
these are fun but are really only test engines that might propel the rocket about 100 feet up . get a bigger engine for super high launches .
this toy made a little girl very happy and she played with it for hours . it is made well and very sturdy.kathy
we bought this table for my niece who is 4 for a christmas gift and she loves it ! good construction and should last for many years .
installation instructions was not very clear . when i follow the enclosed the instructions the entire screen came off . maybe its me , but i just made it work
it prevents constantly having to buy batteries . also enables my granddaugher to have many hours of uninterrupted fun and education .
these insects were ok . i wouldn't buy another set of these . the smaller ones looked cheap . the butterflies was the best quality of them all .
a great present for a 3 y . o . this item really encourages free play and creativity development .
this one takes awhile to put together . but fun as all of these things are . my 5 year old loves them .
i bought this for my 4 year old grand daughter and she has spent lots of time enjoying playing the games !
my daughter loves making these bracelets . these were a cool addition to the many solid colors she uses to make the bracelets with
thor basic helmet is wonderfull , is a good product ... i recommend that you buy , satisfied with purchase , i like
with that winning combination you can't really go wrong . sure it's a game all about lucky , but it's still a blast to play .
now the grand kids have so many extra darts to play with and when they're all together we really need this many .
excellent detail and all but not thrilled with the size . mcfarlane has dropped this line down an inch in height from the old neca figures .
these are good balloons for twisting . works well for making balloon animals or hats . larger size and stronger durability than the cheap brands . good value .
these were used for a charity fundraiser and sold like hot cakes . they glowed brightly and the colors were very nice .
good place to grow ladybugs.can see them well . observe growth great for teaching kids and grown ups . learn about insects while seeing them grow . thanks sandra
i got this for a birthday gift and it was a hit . another great melissa and doug toy . very happy :)
flashing lights , laser pointer , movement , and sound . what could make a 3 year old godson happier and his parents more miserable ? a perfect gift !
it is about as big as a softball , if not smaller . instead of being a wrapped gift , it's now going to be a stocking stuffer .
my son loves all the thomas trains and this one is a nice addition to his collection . durable and works with all wooden railway brands .
my son loves legos . he was able to do this smaller one more independently . great products ... just wish they were cheaper .
this was a gift and it was just ok , nothing to brag on , but not total junk . i expected better quality and options .
the kids like these and play with them all the time . they are of ok quality - not super great , but none have broken so far .
battery op , and can move a many cars at once . ot it can move well on carpet or tile floors .
a zebra is always a welcome addition to the zoo ! this one works good and has the story book which also adds to our fun !
oh , he's so cute , and he sings and sways his head back and forth . he's adorable . people like to listen to him sing .
perfect eater basket stuffer . the easter bunny left this for my daughter , and as a webkinz lover , she really liked it .
this is a good game to play with a group of people . the more people the better . i recommend this product .
keep the paint off of my daughters clothes and super easy to wash off when she is finished . worth ever penny .
any fan of the " big bang theory " knows this song . bought it for a friend of mine . this is a well-made product ..
i loved this toy , play and learn while they play . i gave it to my nephew who was a year old . he loves playing with it .
classic checkers . no frills . no bells and whistles or fancy art work or packaging . just checkers in a box . simple and fun ! ! !
this tub is awesome . a true must for any lego fanatic . lots of colors and so much to do ! definitely recommend .
i love this glitter ! nice colors . it stays on for quite a few days if you don't rub it off .
what more can i say ? these stickers are exactly what a blues clues fan would want . only wish they were reusable ones .
these are very cute planes that i wanted to use for a project but they fell apart in my hands even before i could finish putting them together .
these colorful scarves are fun to juggle or play catch with . great for eye-hand coordination and sensory stimulation . washable and easy to store .
dino mode is awesome . robot is meh . overall great product for fan of the series
only purchased this bear as it was a promotion at time of purchase of other merchandise . however , my granddaughter loves to play with the bear .
the grandchildren have fun pretending with this set . the microphone and calculator work great . the cash register opens up with a bell sound .
my 9 year old grandson loves collecting the hobbit and lord of the rings lego sets and mini-figures . he and his brother love playing with them !
lots of detail with several interchangeable parts . this is one great-looking action figure . a must for any star wars or darth maul fan .
my granddaughter who is 5 , has had fun playing with these . she has already lost interest in them after just a couple of months .
had to get this to complete the furniture in the loving family doll house . my daughters love this and use it all the time .
ordered for my daughters friends and she love it . got it fast and was very satisfied with it . hope to get my daughter one too
my five year old niece got her american girl doll from her mom's side . so i bought shoes and had outfits made . they were a hit .
this kitchen set has held up surprisingly well considering its melissa and doug . it is a good alternative to the more expensive kitchen sets .
this item seems very well made . my grandson loves it and now looks forward to feeding his doggie when it's toy clean up time .
this is one of my 5 year old daughters leapster games . she plays it all the time . great game for kids her age .
the kids love this cuddly ladybug . it was offered at a great price and was a fantastic buy . glad i bought it !
as always ty puts out great products and this is another one that was a hit with my daughter , she loves these things !
very nice game and good quality product . nice color . i watched her play the games and they were age appropriate .
great for young child . i bought for xmas and decided i should have ordered more . i'm sure there will be fights with others .
nine days out of 10 her dollie is wearing this outfit . cute and comfy and ready to go with us on our daily routines .
i bought this car adaptor for my son's innotab 2s . it does what it needs to do , so i'm a satisfied customer .
kill that ! kill this ! kill everything ! this michonne looks great a giant step up from the last wave of walking dead figures .
my son plays with this a lot on the hot wheels track , the track is sucky but the toys ( cars ) are high quality ! !
this is a very cute dragon and i like it a lot , it's just much smaller than i had anticipated . still nice , though .
my two year old plays with this in the car and in his bed while trying to fall asleep . so fun !
great set and love that it occupies all the kids ( and husband ) at once . it's $ 20-25 everywhere ( even toysrus ) so fairly even everywhere .
bought this for a neighbor's child who had surgery . i did not see it , but i received good reviews from the mom . would buy it again .
this game is crap . the concept is crap . the pieces are crap . everything about angry birds and this game is garbage .
got for my grandson and he loves them . he is 3 years old . price was great also . i would purchase more of them .
these are great quality and lots of fun . just make sure you get one of those balloon pumps as they are difficult to inflate with your mouth .
they do glow . my daughter loves them and they are a perfect addition to her band set . very beautiful colors !
bought this for a 5 year old boy , my twin grandsons really love this toy . it is quite large , i was surprised at how big .
made a nice extra christmas gift fot a grandson . he got 5 othertypes of lego's and loves them .. will buy more next year .
i loved it as a kid and it is great playing it with my grandson . a real classic that you can't go wrong with .
grandson loves his 3 ring binder for pokemon cards . everyone loves his binder and wishes they had one . he takes it to school once in a while .
great puzzle , very nice picture , very well made . i am very pleased with quality.my son got it for his 2nd birthday and he loves it .
same old toy with curious george which grand daughter likes better then clowns.same old tune so not that much different from what you had .
my daughter was shaking these as soon as they came out of the box.we are going to have so much fun with these
my 6 year old loves this thing ! ! i just wish you could buy more of the tracing paper that matches it perfectly .
my 18 month old loves these . the food is high-quality , and not just cheap thin plastic like some other food toys .
these are so cute ! the jewelry pieces are pretty flimsy , but the actual shrinky dinks are great . they shrink perfectly .
it is good quality like all the other transformers we have purchased . it is very hard to find arcee in the store . my daughter loves it !
attractive to children . we shall see how interested a five-year-old girl will be in this product within a few days .
good fast but bad range you can only get 10 feet away thats bad :( but i didnt return it because i kinda like it
i always love wolverine so i bought it for my son and was very happy with my purchase . great buy
kaylee her eyes lit up like a christmas tree she was so happy clapped her hands she plays with this all the time
three stars because i have no information regarding this game which looked interesting to me , however i gave it as a gift .
tactile and visual to help with numbers instead of the electronic methods . my three year old grandson is catching on fast .
not durable enough to use with smaller children . would suggest using one of the toy bubblers amazon sells . they stand up to more abuse
you do need to buy this with the leapfrog 2 . batteries do not come with the pad . easy charging . great price and free ship .
we used these during a scavenger hunt . great items for the price ... a little small but well worth it . would buy again ...
very nice craft idea for young children . granddaughter was thrilled with it ! can't wait till after holidays so she can make her own hair pretties .
these were a gift and kid loves it , it could be a little more durable as the base is broken but the rockets do fly !
my daughers love this doll house . it is big with lots of room for them to play . and it is very easy to store .
we used this for a go fish activity for a neighborhood party . it had a nice variety and the kids really enjoyed it .
bought my daughter an armoire for christmas , these hangers are the perfect size for bitty baby clothes and fit nicely in the armoire .
my son loves this nerf gun and has another in the same series . great purchase for my 8 year old !
that goes with the whole lego monster fighter theme . this one has a carriage , so it is better than just paying for one character .
our young grandson loves to play with this toy . he enjoys showing it to us every time we visit him .
my daughter liked it and will continue to use the plates with her legos as she adds to her collection .
i bought this for my daughter to help complete her collection , they are " normal " sized mlp toys and spike is a decent size as well .
easy for grandma and the kids to learn and lots of fun . perfect for a rainy afternoon . we played over and over .
have not heard back from the person that this gift was given too . price was right anf came in time for xmas .
every mythology collection needs a knight . colorful and authentic looking with great detail . yes , they are very durable and a great price !
drax is a cool figure . he is very flexible and has durability . he is good to face off against the steve rodgers marvel legends figure .
this takes parental dedication to work . hope i'm up for the challenge . hopefully it won't end up being " just magnets " for the fridge .
a new twist on a classic game . this game is fun for families and gives you time together away from tv .
bought this for my nephew and he thinks it is the best thing so if hes happy i would reccomend this to any young boy .
my 5 yr old wanted doc mcstuffins and leappad games . this killed 2 birds with one stone . she loves it and she's learning so i love it !
these are cute , but kind of junky . the base ( light source , where the switch and battery are ) are brighter than the strands .
great set to think about all the scenes that didn't happen ... excellent figures too . new characters and working - moving parts are creative and cool
my nephew loved it . i would have liked it more if it would have come with a few more animals .
i brought two - one would not interact with the computer though which was disappointing to the kids , however , worked in every other way
eight year old grand son . he couldn't wait to put it together . star wars and lego are always a hit .
the plane is small so for toddlers people need to be careful . our grandson loves planes so we bought two and he plays with them daily .
great for my child who loves to push and pull items with bonus learning features on it . not too big and not too small !
good value item . dolls fit nicely in the house and honestly it is the best thing you'll find at less than $ 20 . very pleased !
really cute , they were for a christmas gift . nice item ! i would recomment for 2-12 years old . these are fun for almost any age .
my niece loved this set when she opened it ! nice quality , and detail ! item arrived on time and just as described ! thanks !
little pink rosie the engine is yet another delightful addition to our thomas the train collection ( as a grandmother , i love pink ! )
very happy with this . my girls love playing with it . everything sticks together very well . not cheaply made . goes great with all their kitchen stuff .
gets in all emotions of smiley faces . very nice one . 4 dozens is plenty . can save them for goodies or any other occasion .
my god daughter loves to dance and this is perfect because it plays cute songs and is small enough for her to carry around .
its a great game for girls , almost all the games are made for boys , and this is created for the adventure girls
my 3yo likes this a lot . the voice sounds like the tv voice , and it's not too loud which is always a plus !
i know some other reviewers had concerns about the sizing charts being accurate . this ball worked fine for me at 5 ' 2 " .
my grandkids loved these they had a blast with them i bought more of them and gave them to my nieces and nephews
my son was super excited . has played with this dinosaur quite a bit since christmas . would definitely recommend this product .
well made and will last forever . flat tracks can get boring , the overpass makes the train set fun and i suggest adding this to the set .
bought this for my 9 yr old and it kept him and his 11 & 12 yr old brothers busy for hours .
our absolute favorite party / group game to play ! no one falls asleep and everyone has fun , lots of laughs at ourselves !
if you own at least one monster high doll , you know the quality of them all and to get it for such a low price was a bargain .
it made my granddaughter happy . what else do you want me to say . if i have to do this with everything i buy i might quit buying !
i bought wooden appliances for my grandbaby she pretends for hours in her new kitchen , the mixer is very durable
got for my 8 year old grandson , he loves it and rides all day long . good and strong to hold up to daily use .
purchased this for my granddaughter for xmas . she loves it and always sleeps with it . its very soft and cuddly .
fun and hard to find monster high doll i was happy to add to my daughter's collection . price was fair . even arrived early .
this battery is a little heavier and bigger . however , ti does fit and gives you longer flight time . good upgrade to your mini helicopter .
great for smaller kids . my now 7 yr old had up to 4 other little ones in the pool with her when she was 5
sometimes basic is the best . an idea started set for little ones used to duplo .
sturdy , cute and perfect for a 2 yr old . we used it last night and my daughter loved it . can't wait to use it again .
was very simple and easy for our girls to figure out . they were able to complete this kit independently ( age 10 and 11 ) .
i gave this product a five star because it was exactly what my granddaughter wanted . it is made well and i would recommend it to all ..
i can't wait to give it to my son for christmas . he loves the movie and he will be able to play with its characters
my 13 month old daughter enjoyed stacking the blocks on top of each other & knocking em down . kept her busy !
i got a blue and green ball . it is great for little hands to hold ! my 7 month and my 2 year old both love this toy !
these short wooden pieces of track help my 4 year old grandson make all kinds of track designs . he likes them because they fit when longer pieces bind .
my two year old still loves to play pretend and it is a good educational tool . it taugh thim how to use a spoon and fork ! ! !
this is a little more bulky than i thought it would be . wanted it for display . more boxier than expected .
good quality but sometimes does not erase completely and takes a couple swipes to clear all the way . very nice to have the stamps though
looks like she will be a great doll.would recommend it.it is soft and cuddly and just the right size for my granddaughter to carry around .
the first thing the 2 year old did with these on vacation in a condo was draw on the wall ! glad we got the washable ones ! ! !
my 8 year old and 5 year old love this . it's a durable , simple toy that has had lasting appeal . no complaints - they love it .
seems to be pretty well made but crayola usually is . i know my daughter will love it so i am overall pretty pleased with my purchase .
a great science project akin to solar power demonstration . would be the perfect addition to a science classroom . replaced one that quit working .
my three year old daughter loves this cartridge . i think she is even getting the addition section which makes me ecstatic .
this phone keeps my girls busy and entertained . each button pushed has a corresponding animation that appears on the screen .
this was for the other granddaughter . she too loved her doll . and the price was good , it arrived in great shape .
this is a fun way to give a gift card , but it is not for cash as the description suggests . get the other size for cash .
this is a nice assortment of cars and trucks . my nephews loved them and couldn't wait to get the box open .
i purchased these for my son's superhero party as cupcake toppers . the kids loved that they had a ring to take home !
i am trying to relearn spanish and this game is a fun way to practice with my tutor . este es muy divertido .
grandson was very happy with the mega bloks halo warthog resistance . it was just what he wanted . started playing with it right away .
purchased this for my daughter who is fascinated with bugs . she is excited to use it when the weather gets warmer .
i purchased this for my granddaughter and she started pushing it around at one year . i also purchased the doll and she lovesit .
everything works perfect with the product itself . the only thing i didn't like is the material catches a lot of lint and hair which i find irritating .
this is a great game ! they learn a little of everything playing this game ! i even enjoy sitting a play it ! lol
oh my word ! this is the most annoying toy ever . buy it for your worst enemies children if you are that cruel .
the kids loved this . it squirts a lot of water and is a real super soaker .
the girl looks forward to her wrist , for christmas . but i really love the details of these dolls . i recommend them to everyone .
great play for a reasonable price ! alone or with friends , children can take their car racing madness with them almost anywhere !
my mephew is one year old i think he will have fun learning with this and having a pal for nap time .
i had ordered these before and like them so much , i ordered two more sets . great value and great fun . will be back
these are suppossed to be easy for preschoolers , but this one is very difficult for little ones . his head wont stay down when he is a man .
it is good quality and little girls also learn how to coordinate clothing , what shoes will go better with outfits etc .
i got this for my 2 year old grandson who loves construction equipment / trucks . he loves this flash light / night light dump truck .
my kids really loved this , they play with the set up daily.the order of toys seemed well thought out.we will definitely go the play-mobil route next year .
our little girl , who is going to be 4 in a few months , adores puzzles , and the ravensburger line never disappoints . two thumbs up !
i have a girl lalaloopsy my husband got me and i wanted a guy.he ' s a cute with guy.he ' s made just like lalaloopsy dolls .
my little 5 year old grandson really wanted this toy since he's into all thing mario brothers . he loves it .
all these little toys are good for a child to play with and stay busy for a long while . they are cute .
this toy is so adaptable . our 19 month old granddaughter loves both hiding and fnding sunshine . it lets her be creative . it has brought many smiles .
i purchased thomas & friends wooden railway - duncan for my 2 year old grandson . he loves it , as he loves all things thomas .
christmas morning my niece opened this up and she was jumping down and screaming . my fiancee loved her reaction . perfect for the two year old
these skates look good with the red coat . they are fun to play with and the girls enjoy these skates
i used these bands for gifts in a goodie bag at a 2nd birthday party .. the kids will love them !
great toy , got as a gift for my son . he loves batman and transformers so what better gift could he receive .
now and still plays with this all the time . she has her own table set up just for tea parties on our balcony .
my son is in love with the mario series , he can not get enough of this toy.he sleeps with it every night ! !
love melissa and doug puzzles . my son plays with this puzzle all the time . this was a favorite for christmas . great quality
we have had a blast with these setting up dino digs and trying to figure out which dino each one was .
gave this for christmas to a 9 month old little girl & she is still playing with them 6 months later cute & colorful nice size
another quality product of course . it is also good to see that even for younger children it is helpful to make them feel successful .
great learning tool but the age is not quite right . the 2 year old just loves the sounds and lights .
purchased this as gift for my grandchild . left it up to his parents to figure it out and teach him . a little complicated for me .
this was great and added to the collection we already have . my granddaughter has a ball with all the different family members . thanks
can't have enough stuffed animals . my daughter especially loves dogs and this bulldog is super cute ! very happy for the price paid .
this one is suitable for bright pink fans . needs child opinion . i prefer the purple . its a nice size . plastic style .
i bought this for my 7 1/2 month old baby as her 1st pool , and she loved this pool a lot .
love nintendo and yoshi is one of my favorites . glad i bought him as part of my collection to add to my display
smaller than i would have liked , but still very cute . shellington has moveable arms and legs and is only about 3 inches tall , but so cute .
my granddaughter loved thus leap frog toy . she was 3 years old when she received it and it has really helped her alonf with recognizing the alphabet
this paint is just as washable as the crayola finger paint . the little jugs are easy to reuse if you need to refill them .
sturdy toy for a 2 year old . my grandson loves the easy to use buttons . this has great sound and easy to use .
i bought this for my 7 year old . he loves it . his sister has the tiger and she loves it . both made great .
my daughter loves playing the math game . i know that my daughter is learning a lot and i don't think she realizes that she is learning .
was pleased with how quickly this came . my grandson loves it . i would recommend this toy to any kid that loves the power rangers .
i love this outfit for our doll ! excellent quality and great fit . this outfit coordinates with our league colors . highly recommend .
sturdy , simple , good size , great variety of letters and numbers so we can actually spell words . very happy with this product .
these figurines are great for kids . they are very durable and easy for little hands to play pretend with them .
my son's 5 and loves jake and the neverland pirates ! a great toy for a kid that loves to use their imagination !
she loved it and really liked the way the ponys clipp clopped down the ramps she played with it quite a bit
it's a bag of zombie babes holding severed heads and they're all from the same mold . too bad i dont much like the game i got them for .
the boys really enjoyed playing with this . it is very durable and they loved the colors in it .
are really enjoying this and other sets ... bought amazon and saved money and time ... also safe for 2 year olds ... plastic food is very sturdy .
this canopy was top heavy and did not block the sun well . the colors on the product were really dull too .
purchased this gift for our niece for xmas per her request . she loved it ! my son played it with her also and he enjoyed it .
bought as a gift for my 2 1/2 year old nephew . he loved it and he has a lot of toys ! simple yet good quality .
this toy was as described and it came when expected . it is well made and is played with a lot . it was a great gift .
it's a bit small so the sand goes through so fast it's hard to watch . however it's well made and sturdy .
my little boy loves it . he can ride it inside or out and it does not tip over very easily .
my friends and i love this game and this this is a great expansion . it adds a freshness to the game and creates new challenges .
my son just turned three and loves dinosaurs , i have been looking for something along these lines for about a year now , it is perfect !
i added this 100 piece set to another army playset and a set of 3 tanks . he loved this and plays with it for hours .
got this for my daughter . it's a cute well made little plush , and a must have for anyone who collects mario characters .
my 2 year old enjoys playing with this toy . the controls are easy to use and it keeps her attention for about 10 - 15 minutes .
ths s the cutest bucket . my two & 1/2 year old granddaughter loves it . it is very well made also .
bucket is being used by my grandchildren to carry everything and anything . surprising how they can find multiple items to put into it .
i was happy with the random selection of dice . would definitely buy again ! ... if i need more dice .. i might not for a while . :)
i can finally trust my 2 year old to be unsupervised with a " marker . " love it . price is somewhat steep for what it is .
this was a christmas gift for our nephew but he reported that he loved it and played with it for a whole day straight .
we had a birthday party at a train station . this was a great inexpensive toy to give in the goody bags .
this version is much better than the newer ones . the board is all one piece with one fold in the middle .
you can get this at toys r us for $ 24.99 ! that is probably where this seller has it drop shipped from anyway .
my kids like this bath set . there are a ton of pieces though , so it may be better to put some away for younger kids .
i like the bands . they are colorful and there are plenty of them to make several bracelets ! we'll need more soon my kiddo uses them fast !
this toy is super cool ! ! it's quite and rides really smooth ... very good quality . great purchase ! ! love the screen on the remote also .
great toy , we have actually mounted it on the wall and they use it as a reading light . very happy with the purchase
i bought this for my granddaughter and she was absolutely thrilled to add this doll to her mh doll collection .
my little nephews love playing like the big boys on tv ! ! this item was perfect for them ! they love it ! !
i haven't historically been a tomb raider fan , or even liked the games . but this is a really great game ... completely different than the others .
interesting twist to make you question the question ... we buy new games every year to play as a family during the holidays ... very happy i bought this !
neither ugly nor particularly attractive . exactly what i expected and does the job . what more is there for me to say ?
i though it was expensive for what it is . our granddaughter is very much into spider man and the glove is something she wanted .
so much fun ! there are tons of possibilities with this . great gift for kids . keeps them entertained and for the most part quiet .
my daughter really liked the glow in the dark bands . she uses them to mix in with the normal bands to make something different .
great for summer fun for the children . when you find a bubble gun that works , this is great ! don't know what else to say
very cute , soft and my daughter ( 5 ) loves it . she didnt like the purse but loves the dog at least .
i got this for our granddaughter for her third birthday , and she loved it . her older brother , who is five , did , too !
this was a christmas gift for our nephew who seemed to like it . it looked to be a nice kit .
excellent product . innovative , challenging full of fun , games and adventurers . keeps a young child occupied and motivated during the day .
this little people tow n pull tractor was the perfect addition to the fun sounds farm that i purchased for my grandson at christmas . he loves it !
the kids got a kick out of this for about 3 days . they kinda forgot about it but pull it out every now and then to play .
my 2 year old grandson loves this toy . my only complaint is that i wish the volume were a little lounder .
my 5 year old requested for christmas . he loves it . i love that it is easy to store . informational . great purchase !
my grandsons are home-schooled and this slide making kit has been a bonus in helping them explore their country woods , fields and ponds .
cute plush toy . my kids love this plush and use it to knock over their angry birds knockout game which we purchased at the same time .
the 2 year old granddaughter loved to make objects of her own choice with the blocks . i highly recommend this toy .
bought this as a gift for my nephew . he and his entire family love it , and it is one of those games that everyone plays and enjoys .
my son is all about the rescue bots and they helping men . plus he loves that the machines connect the to corresponding bot .
great ! my granddaughter loves it ! she loves having tea parties with her dolls , and they are sturdy for little three year old hands .
this is a great product for my 7 year old card player and my mother who has arthritis . great product !
had good luck so far and haven't had to use any of the extra spare parts . have had several crashes too . ronnie
my daughter enjoys this toy . her favorite part is the roller coaster . she prefers the tree house over the fun house .
this is a really neat folder . i wish the sections were a bit bigger . my kids love to save their special work .
bought this as a christmas gift for nephew and he has not stopped building structers during all of his waking hours .
my son loves counting with these bears and lining them up and sorting them ! this is a great learning tool for children !
very cute tea set from m & d . my girls love it and it will last a very long time . very happy with this purchase .
we havent had this long , but so far it seems fun . my daughter seems to really enjoy having a camera of her own and it is really sturdy
same high quailty produce as in core box set . very helpful in game play.allows both players to have a set of dice .
very cute , fun toy . my son can amuse himself with this toy for a long time !
i ordered this gift as a christmas present for my grandchildren . they loved it . received in excellent condition and on time .
i bought this on sale for my daughter who collects barbies , it was a really good deal and i am sure she will love it
my great nephew loved adding this to his super hero collection of action dolls . he plays with it and the others .
thanks to its new mechs and elite ranges , the rebelle range is something to look forward to despite it's girly overtones .
these are cute little figures for just carrying around . very good value for all the yo gabba gang ! recommended for fans of the show .
she loves these dolls & was very pleased with this one as well . seemed to be as well-made as any of these are .
great looking wooden toys . the day care kids thought this was a grand toy . love the quality of the toy .
kids love it . very cute and fun family game and easy for kids to play and understand . my kids are 6 and 8 and love playing it .
these wood puzzles are perfect for my grand kids . they had the best time this christmas putting them together . thanks for the durable quality .
i have bought several of these and they all fly a little differently . this one is best to date and also has the longest battery life so far .
great engine as always . fisher price does a fine job with the thomas engines :) very happy camper here ! ! would recommend this toy to anyone ! !
our grandson asked us to get him a woody for christmas . he wanted this talking pull toy . we can wait till christmas to see his face
it a simple fun concept . it makes you wonder why you didn't create it yourself . don't believe me ? watch it being played [ .. ]
have never bought anything from melissa and doug that i did not like or think was great quality . my son loves the colors .
my son loved getting this train for his birthday ! he is a huge chuggington fan and keeps asking for the other trains !
bought as a christmas gift and this item is neat ! still have yet to give to my nephew but i'm sure he will love it !
worst product ever . don't even think it does anything other than loading some extra levels ? you are much better off using your fingers .
made one for grandma and aunt for mother's day from my son . easy to use , nice materials that are brightly colored .
this is very different . it is fun to change her parts . the wigs stay on well , and all the parts are easy to remove and replace .
this expansion was just what the doctor ordered . it made for all sorts of crazy fun ! i will look forward to a fifth expansion !
and i love the case that they all come in . the people are a little weird , but it's a good set of fun blocks .
nice product , same quality as other lalaloopsy's items . reasonable price for the product . packaging could be more practical , but is the same as similar products .
unlike other expansion pack for other board games , cah provides good quality cards with a bunch of addition stuff to make your money worth it .
in fact i bought it for my sons but i am anjoying much more than them . it is fantastic how it flyes indoors
its a plastic sturdy pink simple car :) my seven month old daughter cant play with it yet ... soon though !
you get exactly what you see here . nothing more nothing less . exactly what i was looking for and needed for my 3 year old
official shop lego says this set is supposed to be 70 bucks . wait till they come out instead of paying this scalper .
my nephew has a whole city of legos . this is a great added addition for him . legos motivate imaginative play and inspire hand eye coordination .
we don't have to worry about the kids choking on these as they are huge . our grandson was loving these and they are sure to last for years .
this should be a big hit on christmas morning . it is huge ... maybe too big but it is a t-rex afterall .
i bought this for my four year old son . he loved it and played with it every day for six months until he eventually lost interest .
the little boy i bought this for loves it . he and his friends spend hours in the back yard playing getting some needed exercise and inventing play time .
my girls love playing with this vacuum . the sounds are silly and make them giggle .
love hex bugs ! these things are entertaining to watch go through the obsticle course . price is great and ships fast
really cute puzzle set . my son loves playing with it and making the correlating animal sounds . great addition to our other melissa and doug puzzle sets .
my daughter loves this toy . its durable and works with her brothers mega blocks . this is a toy that can accommodate any kid for 1 and up
nicely detailed and very realistic looking and my grandson is extremely happy with it . it is made to go with the imaginext castle .
we had a male elf and needed a female so this was exactly what we needed . the girls love their elves .
found the table to be sturdy but the track insert not fitting all that well and not very sturdy.pretty expensive also .
my daughter wanted these for her meercat triplets and it is adorable . even for sleep-overs it is just the right piece .
really fun game . it is fast and can cause laughter . it is easy to play and easy to understand the directions . a good party choice .
the offer was great ! bought a few of this . it's worth the efforts :) do look around for more offers .
this is an adorable addition to the girls ' train set . wish i had ordered two so each girl could have one .
same great quality painted models from ffg . i felt i needed more that one so i could run a team for my game play .
this item was for my grandson but all of the kids enjoy playing with it . the item was packed and shipped as advertised /
i bought this board game for my three-year old grandson last christmas . it was on his wishlist and that is why i bought it .
this product was smaller than i expected but still well-priced . i plan to use it as a stocking stuffer for my 4 - year-old daughter .
gave as a christmas present and she immediately started playing to see how may levels she could master . a worthwhile toy that is not an electronic game .
my son got this football for christmas and he loves it . when asked what was his favorite christmas gift he tells us his firevision football !
grandson is almost 5 and loves these toys . his imagination is fueled and lots of hours of play are part of enjoyment .
great game for steady hands and patience . been tossed around from frustration many times and has held up well .
my 5 year old twin grandsons and also bought one for my 6 year old grandaughter . gives them a real camping experience in their bedroom
bubbles barely work , ounces are too small , and bottle does not fit gun like it says it does ! worse service ever
this is a great starter lego set . my grandson will clearly enjoy this set . the item shipped very quickly too .
this is a fun way to show fractions and explain how they work . i found it to be quite effective .
i bought this to go along with my 8 yo son's pickaxe and sword . he loves it ! it's brighter than i expected too . very satisfied !
my 4 yr old son loves all types of cars , trucks and buses . he loves the " monster-like " wheels on this bus .
this beanie is so cute and gave my son the little comfort he wanted at night to have blue with him all the time !
my kids love these and they work great comes with bands and looms and everything described in the descriptions thanks
there are lots of clothes combinations in this package but they are not the quality of the authentic ones . however , the grandkids don't seem to care .
purchased this set for my daughter for christmas & peek in the box to check them out and i'm very happy with my purchase !
i collect monster high dolls and was a good buy ! love the colors purple she has and her shoes ! great !
my baby loves this toy and so do we . we have hours of fun . a must have
brilliant toy , is also a pen ! wonderful addition to my already expanding collection of sonics , and long lasting with the batteries . definitely a favorite !
these doll tights are a very nice additional item to my grand daughters dolls wardrobe . she loves them and wants more
awesome puzzles . we have four of them and play with them all the time
i had one of these when i was a kid and my children love this one . they draw them and then they like to color them . awesome
this is my third elf of the shelf purchase from here and i am satisfied . one was for my daughter and the other 2 for friends ' kids .
the fisher-price item is great . the kids love the noise and learn lots . it is a practical toy to teach the young . thank you .
nice woody . good price . gentle kids & toy story fans would like . says favorite sayings from the movie . good buy .
comfort grip is the term that applies here . not only does it protect the unit but it makes holding it for long periods of time easy !
perfect addition to my grandsons teenage mutant ninja turtle collection . quality product and will last for many years to come
i guess this is ok . bla bla bla i hope this is enough to do . 666 is the number for the heli . in hell
lot's of fun and different then most games for kids . my niece really likes the idea with the barn and the animals . i would recommend it .
this is for my grand daughter . she was 18 months old when i got it . she loves to push herself around in it .
this is a must . you really don't need to buy batteries as much and they can sit and play at a table .
my son was in a science phase for awhile and oh boy did we have fun . you should too with this little kit .
beautiful doll and a great price when i purchased it . midge is always highly collectible . highly recommend . i hope to buy another one in the future .
a very nice kit , perfect for my 11 year old horse lover ! i would definitely buy more kits like this !
this bike is well made , and a good size . it impressed my 6year old ! the product is exactly as advertised .
kirby is one cool nintendo character and he makes for one very nice plushie , i mean look at him , he's adorable
my boys 7/9 both love this set and have turned it into all kinds of other things and added on to it .
our granddaughter has a little dog that looks like this , and she was thrilled to get a beanie boo that resembled her doggie .
i have had to use this piece to replace the broken one , and lemme say , it was easy to put in the place of the old one .
age states 5 - 12 but is really hard to work at the lower ages stated as the dexterity isn't there yet , but they do like to try .
just what we needed for drawing or painting ! my 5 - yr old and 7 - yr old love it . i enjoy the paper as well !
i love the peaceable kingdom products ! these cards are fun and come in a sturdy case . i highly recommend them and the rest of their product line .
cute , but honestly , most do not look like dinosaurs . the kids didn't seem to mind this fact though , and had fun playing with them .
one of her top christmas list requests ! and she still ( a year later ) sleeps with it , so i guess it's a winner !
bought two of these for my neighbors children . this was a stand out at any family event they have . great gift
bought these for my daughters birthday , very pleased . they are nice looking balloons and look just like the picture no issue .
my 7 - year old loves this dream lite . the lights on the ceiling are relaxing and help her to fall asleep . it is soft and comfortable .
she got this on christmas when she was 3 and she still plays with it now that she is 5 so thats wonderful .
i bought this for my niece for her seventh birthday . she is a girlie girl who is into arts and crafts , too . she just loves it !
i had so much fun making bracelets and adding the charms to them , i have made a lot of jewelry for family and friends !
my kids loved the addition to this with their mario collection . tis one was quality and i would recommend to anyone .
i bought for this book for my grandchildren as they really like scooby doo now , brings back memories when i was a kid .
helicopter part came in the mail in good condition and it worked to fix my helicopter ! so far it hasn't burned out and its still up and running !
my 5/6 yr old daughter has really enjoyed this and it has provided her with many hours of entertainment and a chance to show her creativity with some direction .
very like this game ! ! great logic , perfect gameplay . as usually - thinkfun maked great game . highly recommended - very good for the whole family .
does just what it's supposed to do . easy to use and dries fast . really shines up the surface of the puzzle and dries clear .
she loves the show and dressed as izzy for halloween . sturdy little figures . nothing fancy . no breaking parts . v happy .
nice traits , such as realistic movement with the bucket arm offsets the plastic feel of the toy . overall its fine but i wish it were metal . :-/
these pirate themed tattoos were perfect for our daycare's pirate party ! ! the kids looked like official buckaneers & helped make our party a success .
works great for my boys ' leap pads while we are on the go . no worries about the batteries dying and having upset children .
this cute and fun toy is a must for the kids ! all the kids i know simply love this toy ! also , it's able to withstand kids !
this is a really great set , and a great companion to the hape gourmet kitchen , which my daughter already has .
legos & star wars - two of my grandson's favorite things . put them together & one has the perfect gift .
very nice figurine , movable jaw , however , overpriced ! i expected something larger for the money i paid . the pose is great though
this seemed a good idea for interactive reading but kids can become bored quickly with building the basic creatures for the story .
we love duplos and this was a starter set for our son . he is not yet old enough for the little lego bricks
my son isnt a big fan of art projects but this one he loves . it is simple and fun .
the blocks are great individual toys , sturdy and solid and engaging . my nine-month-old loves them .
my daughter loves this item . she loves the hungry caterpillar and anything eric carle ! perfect for any collection of eric carle .
the product came on time . it was exactly as pictured . she was very excited when she opened up the box of doll clothes on christmas eve .
these work just as i remember and is a good time for kids . kept them entertained for a while making stuff for everyone .
my son loved this toy from the easter bunny . it's perfect for his hands and easy to take with him .
this is a great firehouse for a 3 yr old . it is a really great starter set for a little guy .
they are crayons , you can't help but like them if you're going to color . crayola is a great brand and they make good stuff !
i purchased this for my 1 year old son who just loves kitties . it was interactive enough for him without being too over the top and too girly .
the shoes were a little difficult for a 6 year old to put on the dolls feet . the quality is great .
i love the fact that it's completely sizable for all age wrists.the only compliant is i wish the watch was water-proof ... you know or forgetful kids can be .
sophia looks exactly like i expected . it's fine workmanship and detail are beautiful . it's a christmas gift so i can't say anything more about it .
my son has cms and tics a lot i bought this to help him when he is fidgeting ... it's just a mess ... don't buy .. waste
the girls love their color wonder dora . they couldn't wait to color with it as soon as they received it .
i got these to give out on pencils for halloween . super cute and a huge hit . the kids loved them .
these batteries are far less expensive than name brand and work just as well . i will continue purchasing these for my kids hexbugs in the future .
terrible product . waste of $ $ $ . doesn't close properly , poorly made . trash . very surprised a product like this is offered by amazon .
this toy is great.my daughter with autism got this for her birthday and is having a great time playing with it .
my niece collects these dolls and was so happy to get a black and white of frankie stein it was really cool . a well made doll also .
cute little toy with sweet little songs for my nine month old ! she loves the little accessories ! and my two year old plays with it too !
lego never lets you down . great and cool toy . i def recomend it for young kids and adults . ;d ,
my granddaughter loves all of the loving family products . good quality and price.perfect gift for any child . very sturdy .
i got this as an addition to my son's imaginext play house . his eyes lit up when he saw all the extra characters .
the box is very shallow and not easily covered securely . the plastic smell is quite oily and overwhelming too .
my grandkids love these books and they keep them busy for hours . very educational . i would highly recommend this to any child between three and 10 .
silly item but my daughter likes these things . she rarely uses them a year later but they were a fad last year .
this has been effectively powering my child's leappad for the past 5 months without any troubles . it's saved us a bundle in battery costs .
one of the two most annoying toys ever . i love my daughter too much to give this to my granddaughter .
very elegant dress and design of dress , with lovely sequins and materialsare all just delicate ! 5 stars all the way here !
colorful , nice size , grandpa and grandma have an rv , so that resonated with the grandkids . i think it was pretty much a win .
my nephew who is 11 , started collecting these . he loves it and put it together right away ! will order more !
i bought this for my little sister . she not only loves disney , but also her singing princess castle . let's just say these are a hit .
this puzzle was a hit with a 18 month old . he was very interested in placing the pieces in their slots .
a little advanced for my 2 yo who lost all the money inside the register , but she loves playing with it , almost daily in her pretend play .
i grew up on ravensburger games and seek them out . such a sweet games , this is the 3rd time we have given it as a gift .
the first editions of the prime transformers are the best ones of the this incarnation they are very show accurate and this one is no different
this is a really cute little sprinkler . the kids loved playing with it and loved how it looked . it seems very durable as well .
i split these up between my three grand daughters ! they love them ! so sweet and so simple ! love the colors !
i got for my daughter for christmas . these are awesome for the " fashion plates " for new designs . thank you much !
got big toe for my little grandaughter for a halloween gift . he's soft , cuddly and adorable . i enjoy looking at him too !
this product is fun and educational for children . they are able to use their imaginations to make many different items .
gave these to my grandchildren in their christmas stockings.they are really into making the bands for all their friends and family .
i purchased chuggington wooden railway brewster for my 2 year old grandson . he loves it as much as he loves all the thomas wooden railway trains .
the dimension on these are small and some already have broke after just a few days . otherwise they are cute .
i don't know who loves this more , our son or his parents . instant rock star . it has preprogrammed songs , different features , realistic as well .
it has some cards which are fun additions , but as a whole it seemed to be a bit of a waste .
my niece loved this . it is a very challenging game for a devout gaming girl . she and her family love it .
i bought this transformer for my great nephew birthday because he loves transformers and especially this one because its his favorite one .
like anything that helps minimize clutter of kids toys , a little small though , would have liked it to be about 50 % bigger
great deal on this through warehouse deals ! ! he loved the fun & i loved the price ! ! cannot beat that as everyone wins ! ! ! :-)
i plan to give these to my students as prizes . they are super cute . they are exactly what i expected when i ordered .
fast and easy game to play . the theme is cool . avoid the shotgun blasts and devour as many brains as you can !
these work for their intended purpose . i just hope they last , since they seem pretty flimsy . i guess time will tell .
buy some pop and mentos and forget this . how disappointing for the child who just painted this thing to watch it not erupt .
this is actually quite frustrating as it doesn't always recognize the password and then you have to reset it and set another password . very gimicky .
my kids really love this set . it has some nice pieces and is easy to set up several different ways . the elephant is huge - very cute !
my daughter received this for christmas and loves it . she is 4 years old , and this set was a great buy for her .
my son is going through a star wars lego phase and loved that these came with a bunch of figures and easy items to build .
died after 2 uses . very disappointed in the life of the battery . now i know why they are so cheap .
i love uncle milton ! tired of the same old crappy toys with a new face on them that break instantly ? try something from uncle milton .
my grandson loves to take it apart and put it together . very good toy . , it is good for small motor development .
bought this item to be used with a pretend school toy for my girls . they love it and will need to buy more soon .
arrived on time good shape and old game i played growing up taught kids how to play and set up was really fun
this is a fun toy that my son loves to fold and unfold . he can easily take it with him , which he loves .
we are really pleased with this stuffed stuart . our kids love it and it is holding up well to their constant attention .
very beautiful doll with lovely clothes ! i love the red top . the make up is great ! !
i think this is the best dual rotor helicopter lego has released so far.it is very realistic and has many features that make it fun for play .
another set of food that we bought for grand kids . very well made and gave provided many hours of fun for them .
i bought this to help keep the ipad 2 charged up for my grandson and it really has help .. he plays for hours and ours on it ...
we've been getting these at michael's . but i was glad to find them available online . no problem matching the existing ones we had purchased elsewhere .
granddaughter loves anything frozen and was very excited to receive kristoff . plays with the figures all the time . would recommend
they do love it , but they need help to play with it most of the time . but otherwise it's great .
the lego city series is a winner with the kids . grandson has most of the set and loves to play with them .
a fun little game to play with kids . my eight year old granddaughter absolutely humiliates me at this game , which absolutely delights her !
this is a great purchase if you have a lot of legos . this is great portable storage and a wonderful play mat . my kids love it .
my 3 yo grandson wanted michealangolo or : the orange ninja " for christmas . i know he will really enjoy
perfect size . super soft . great quality . just as described . it was a birthday present for a 12 year old and she loved it .
my kids love it with the sounds it makes and all , but i am constantly having to put back all the doors that fall off ! ! quite annoying
mis hijos varones de 4 y 6 años estan encantados con este juguete , todos nos pusimos a jugar con ella en navidad
this is the cutest little set . we have a melissa and doug doll waiting for christmas and this will make it perfect .
love the wooden sets , pots and pans , food . the set is sturdy and cute and my daughter loves pretending to cook with them .
great for my 4 - year-old who doesn't have a lot of strength . it's easy to shoot and fun . would recommend it to others .
i got this for my daughter first b'day . she loves to sit and play with this . only thing i hate the door comes off so easy .
great alternative to a more expensive doll . a big hit at our house and i would recommend this to anyone .
i purchased these for toddlers to use so they are great . if your child is much older than five , i would buy a different product .
we can't use the battery component because is there such a thing as the long and skinny screwdriver required by this thing ?
rear doors attach with plastic pins that can be replaced , but not sure how to find . suggest for older kids who can be careful .
perfect gift for any child that loves minecraft . my son plays with these toys for hours . he uses his imagination . perfect gift .
works exactly how its intended . no problem for a four year old to figure out . but kinda of short on the unlockables
terrific , my grandson loves it . it is exactly what he asked for . thank you for a great toy for him
5 year old daughter loves this ! takes stroller to every room in the house with her ! the under carrier is great ! would totally recommend .
just what it said it was ty beanie ballz tippy the giraffe medium . soft and squishy fun to play with easy to catch and hold onto .
my son can't stop playing with it . it helping him learn how to write better . it fun way to help him learn . would buy this again
my grandson loves his new tea set which is a nice addition to his kitchen ... very well made too .
this is the perfect accompanying toy to the tangled castle . my 7 year old has spent many hours enjoying this toy .
these are the perfect legos for the advanced lego lover in your life . the colors are bright and the size is fun .
bear is my babe girl favorite animal , she will call bear , bear every day , so i bought this for her when i saw that right now .
bought this for my 5 year old niece's new inotab and she uses it constantly . the batteries just don't last long enough so this is a great addiition .
bought this for my son for his bday he loves it and it plays several noises and phrases . great gift for kids who like the advengers .
i purchased this for a two year old who loves trucks . he also loves the zoo animals . this was perfect and well made .
these are perfect for the girl who like these type of posters . the markers are good quality.may buy another for my daughter !
these are great for my daughter's doll baby and are good quality . they fit a 14 inch miss corolle doll perfectly .
i bought this for my grand child and he really enjoys playing with this great quality wooden toy . like melissa & doug
this is a cute doctor kit with an easy to use storage box my kids enjoy playing with this and the box makes for easy clean .
i can never say anything bad about lego . they always produce a high quality product . i feel good about purchasing this product .
i bought this for my grandson for christmas he loves it and so does his sisters . great gift for the lego enthusiast .
nice set . holds up well to a 2 year old's play habits . her doll is 13 " and this fit it nicely .
this horse is awesome my douter loves it and she also got the brown arabian now there married you need to get this now ! ! !
grandson loved them , and that's all that mattered . he loved the cars inside and that was a plus too . thanks
this was a christmas gift to my great-granddaughter . i can't honestly rate it except to say it looks good to me .
this was a hilarious addition to my husband's stocking and he laughed pretty hard . this would be super funny to put in an white elephant christmas gift exchange !
this is a great gateway game for young players . it moves as fast as you want it to & requires planning & skill .
great item . sweet detail . the governor can truly be seen in this mcfarlane figure . it is a must have for all walking dead fans .
gave to a 2 year old as a gift . she really loves the zoo and loves these little animals too .
this is a great gift or just something to have around the house on rainy days . the pieces and good and sturdy for toddlers .
we served the drinks in these cups for a monkey themed birthday party . hit hit hit for all the kids ... and some adults ! hahaha
my daughter loves anything princess ! this makes sounds and goes along with the palace . hours of fun playing with it !
i brought one of these for my grandson . it is sturdy and colorful and just right for a little boy . 5 stars * * *
my four year old explorer loves them . wears them around her neck all the time , and they were surprisingly sturdy for the price .
my daughter is having a great time with these . they seem well made and the paint seems pretty durable so far .
darts . you always seem to need more darts . my only criticism may be to buy them in even larger bulk quantities . otherwise - they are great .
one of the best games i got for chrismtas this year . a lot of fun , easily a hit with everyone i've played it with .
son loves the logs and is still playing with them . they have held up to all kinds of ruff play .
i bought this and my grandson loves it . his little hands ca hold them easily .
my 4 year old loves building this . he loved it so much i bought him 2 other kids as well . it is awesome .
feels like a trading card high speed game . i really enjoyed playing with my friend and family . really good buy .
love the mechanical robot . only problem is that it doesn't have a volume control . it is pretty loud . sure catches your attention .
handy organizer and great when the kids want to take a washroom break in the middle of a game . quick deliver
lots of fun experiments in this kit . parent help is required with younger children who will need help with reading the instructions .
love elmo , this is the cutest elmo ever . may keep it for myself , or just to have when young visitors come .
i got these as part of goody bag for a birthday party , the kids liked them . will recommend them for anybody .
great size for a toddler ! 2 and 4 year old girls both like her , along with boots and swiper as well make for great pretend play .
the truck looks huge and means . it is a great piece to add to your collection .
you can't beat legos for many , many hours of fun , and parents can feel good about the educational value at the same time .
these are great tractor toys because they are small enough for a child to hold in their hand and push around
my neice really likes the daryl dixon action figure . she is a really big fan of the walking dead series .
got this for our 4 yr old son . he just loved it . sets up easily and quickly . great toy for thecar lover .
these were pretty educational as a set . it's an ok set . not as fun to play with as other block sets are .
nice it is smaller calender but had not expected how small . the magnets are not the greatest we lost one already for it not staying on the board .
great quality , super cool . my son's new favorite toy . he got it for his birthday and sleeps with it every night .
my 4 yr old loves these . they are just what we expected . no problems what so ever . works great in his gun .
you love megaman x ? you will love this . affordable , great quality . well worth the money i spent on it . i want more .
this has been fun for my kids . they love setting up the stand and putting all the little pieces together .
rpm made a very strong product that will take a beating . this bumper has saved my stampede from a lot of damage .
this set looks very realistic and it's fun for the kids in the family to play with . all the nieces , nephews , and granddaughters like this set
awesome figure ! highly detailed , true to the movie . very poseable . sturdy , well made figure . great addition to any nolanverse figure collection .
my kid loves this toy mickey mickey mickey thats all i hear so this was the perfect gift for the occasion
our guests were impressed and in general excited since it seems its hard to find basic pieces for little ones anymore ? ! the price was excellent .
i got this for my 5 year old son and it is great ! ! he really loves it and it makes a great / fun learning experience ...
my middle granddaughter loves webkinz . this little horse melted her heart . it is so cute , and well made . a great value
great stickers but not quite what i was expected probably my fault for not reading more carefully i though this was an actual book
granddaughter really loves her hair and clothes and her hair is manageable but she doesn't like the plant that came with her .
great family fun ... little kids , older kids , parents , grandparents ... anyone can join the fun . never gets old . highly recommend it to anyone .
was a gift , and it's super awesome ! great lego set and the perfect addition to his collection . he loves it .
i bought these at the same time i bought a loom for my grandchild so she would have extra bands & clips to make bracelets .
a good amount of jellies included to hand out at a party for guests to get dressed up and festive .
this is great to have to add to young boys construction toys and use it properly , and exciting , fun to play with .
just like you remember when you were little . who doesnt love this thing its awesome would buy again every generation .
bought the leapfrog explorer learning game : pet pals 2 for my 5 year old grandson . he loves it ... would recommend it to others .
nice toy for a 1 1/2 , 2 , or 3yr old . easy to clean and to take with you to grandma's
my 2 year old , a big dora fan , loved it immediately . it feels durable after the couple of times i washed it .
they're shiny and cute and best of all the kids liked them . the rings will not fit adult-size fingers . definately made for kids .
we love munchkin , and now adding the guild is above and beyond ! two of our favorites in play together makes for a fun game night !
this was bought as a gift . was good quality . much nicer than expected . grandson loved it.played with them all day .
i wanted to get a checkers set for me and my 5yr old granddaugther.this is perfect.nice wood board and nice small handable checkers.very pleased
my grand-daughter loves dragons ... but likes cute and snuggly too ... this is the perfect mix . he's really cute , and not scary .
this doll is perfect for baby due to its soft body and light weight . easy for little hands to hold .
great family game . we play it often when we all get together . be prepared for loud laughter and all kinds of conversation and fun !
she only sings one song , the hot dog song . i thought she might sing one more , but i guess not .
my daughters are desperate to be crafty and these paper flowers are just the thing for them . they are fun to make and keep them entertained .
our grandson loves to vacuum so this was a perfect gift . 1 year later he's still using it and has had so much fun using it ..
perfect addition to the barbie fasionista closet . they will be greatly loved . loved the packaging , will make wrapping them easy for stocking stuffers .
his birthday present , he opened it and still plays with allot , which is good for a four year old , so good buy
very cute and very well made ... fits our molly american girl doll perfectly . we are very pleased with our purchase . thanks .
love love love this . it is a little advanced for my 2 1/2 year old but she is still finding enjoyment out of it .
i just wish they were as glossy as my last ones . they are nice other than that , and they don't break very often .
this is a great first guitar . i like the volume control and the real strings . the whammy bar is cute too .
i bought this along with the castle and it's another hit for my grandson . even his father ( my 32 year old son ) plays with it
this was really cute and i hope my grandson will grow into it . a little much right now for an 18 month old
so much fun ! ! the kids get so creative and really enjoy themselves . a great time to be had by all .
these were perfect for a walking dead party ! some of them didn't cling as well as i'd hoped but i'd use this seller again for more zombie stuff .
it works if you have friends that do not mind laying a smack down or just play out of spite , good times :)
this is ok , i wasn't really wowed by it . my 5 year old played with it a little but the excitement didn't last long .
these bean bags are well made ( stitched ) , a good weight and seem to be sturdy . i highly recommend these to others .
perfect for those kids that are fly guy fans . he is a nice size to hold on to while reading .
my great-niece enjoyed this book . her mother , my niece , did also . it's water coloring . no messy paint about which to worry .
again , a gift for grandson . as with the other items to castle he loves it all . well made and very creative .
perfect size for 6 year old . well made . talks and interacts as described . did not dislike anything great purchase and is loved already .
the jacket was ok but the earmuffs don't fit her american girl doll or her our generation 18 " doll ( target's version ) ... kinda disappointed
my son had one years ago and enjoyed it . so i bought one form his son . i did think it was a little pricey .
i bought this little frog for a friend in brazil and they absolutely loved it . it is durable and soft . the perfect gift .
this is another of the gifts that i have purchased for my grandson that he will get to open and use on christmas day
my son loves this toy . the fire station is easy to fold up . i would most defenately recommend this toy .
personal belief : if you don't have this you need it ! some people hate the work that goes with this , but i enjoy every moment of it !
great mixture of chalks . nice that the package was bundled together with the plain white ones . great that there is a size to pick from
i wish i had spent more money and bought the melissa and doug set . very poor quality . you can't even tell what some of it is .
one of the best dinosaurs ive baught in that set , if not the best ! he walks and automatically shoots too !
these made great stocking stuffers and they all come in thier own individual case so the smell last for a long long time . my kids love trading scents .
you won't be sending this guy to the butcher , he will be staying with you for life . a real cutie
this is a really nice set up . the kids have their own , it can't be ripped , and it display's the crayon colors wonderfully !
very educational ! these books are really helping my grandson learn shapes and things , he enjoys these books very much and so does his mom .
was somewhat disappointed there were not two r's in this set , otherwise , is was okay .
just like the male version , this was a lot of fun for the girls . was pleased to find a girl version .
as most kids will love this type of book easy for them to read and carry with them . recommend this product
perfect for any horse lovers . the legs need a little wiggling to get them to stand up , but overall a great purchase .
these were terrific markers to use on fabric as well as paper ! the children love them ! excellent for all kinds of arts and crafts !
high quality just like i always expect from melissa & doug . grandson really love this one added to his family .
the kids love this leap frog , it has helped them to learn to read the letter and write them also .
we had tons of fun playing this game . very fun game with a group of people . it also came fast and with all pieces .
this set is a must have . it's one of my daughters favorites . the color and pattern is so beautiful and the vanity is so cute .
my daughter is a stuffed animal junkie , and this toto was the closest one yet to the real toto from wizard of oz . and she loves it !
grandson was very excited to find it under my tree . they had just received the green lantern movie and was anxious to play with it while watching .
i bought this for my youngest granddaughter and she love's it she play's with it with her three year old sister .
very well made and darling items for 18 inch doll . worth every penny . i wish they came in big girl sizes too !
great very good for small kids to figure out where the animals live or belong and all the flap doors are fun to use
my 5 year old just got into pokemon ! he loves this toy ... he sleeps with it every night ! wish they had it in more charectures
this is great for my 18 month old . he can be in charge of blowing bubbles without the fear of him making a mess . will buy more .
my nephews ages 7 and 5 absolutely loved these yoyos . i also bought the multi pack of colored string . they loved both of these items .
it was fun while it lasted . i got it for a 5 year old boy and his dad played with it more than he did .
the classic family game . ships are plastic and so are the pegs . will provide hours of fun , if you like this sort of game .
a good shazam figure to go along with your other justice leaguers from dc collectibles . articulation aren't great but the appeal of it is great .
beautiful barbie at a good price . my daughter loves her and now im going to buy the rest of the dreamhouse collection .
my granddaughter enjoyed this so much that she bought 2 for birthday gifts for her friends . the price was reasonable ..
my son absolutely loves this for his bday party and the kids were over the moon playing pretend . it fit right in with all the party decor
my son loves his new washing machine . he plays with it the entire day . great quality , just like the real one .
this is quite user friendly . our eight year old loves it . she and her friends spend a lot of time dressing and changing barbie .
this arrived extremely fast and was exactly as described and for beiong so new to the scene , it was priced the lowest ive seen around .. very happy
my grandson loves playing and signing the abc song and making the sounds of the letters . a great learning tool . perfect for long car rides ,
anything thomas is a hit with my grandson and he loved this helicopter . he knows all the vehicles names that go with thomas .
my 3 year old loved this ! he was so excited to feed the butterflies watermelon and release the butterflies . we will definitely order more butterflies next spring !
cute magnets , soft foam and magnet is all the way on the back of the pieces . great for toddler and nice pictures
these are just okay to me .. i feel like they could have found a better way for the tracks to attach to one another .
it is a good learning tool for a toddler . my grandson uses this at his school so i purchased one for him at home .
given for christmas to a granddaughter . it is still being enjoyed by her . she thought it was beautiful .
great toy right out of the box . little knowledge required at flying and no adjustments needed for the helicopter.clearly a winner .
good size for little fingers . jumbo size also makes them harder to break . just wish they came in more colors .
my grandchildren fight over the game even though they have several others to use . this tells me it is a good find .
used these to add to my sons mr potato head collectionhe loves them and all the silly faces :)
this toy is cheaply made , hard to transform and it literally fell apart after one day of play . do not buy this .
my son had a great time with this toy ... what more is there to say about a toy which has been around for over two generations ! ! !
i bought this for my daughter last christmas and she loves it ! great value for the play set and doll !
this is a fun game for younger children , both the boys loved it and i played it with them a lot too . would buy again .
my kids love to pretend to make food with these . they go perfectly with this set of fake food items : melissa doug felt food sandwich
this box looks much bigger than the contents inside that occupy about 1/4 th its height . nothing wrong with the item , but packaging waste abounds .
my daughter was so happy she was in tears when opened this doll . great quality and top notch customer services . amazon is just the best ever .
great for those who need extra help on their fine motor skills to prepare for kindergarten ! it also helps learn simple math facts
just the great quality you would expect from a disney product . my 6 year old son loves this and has a small collection already .
my granddaughter liked this---seemed like a fine little " doll " for a two year old . - - i haven't heard anymore about how much she likes it
both bottles work as they should . our 2.5 year old enjoys playing with them . they have help up fine , but haven't but abused ( yet ) .
this is a good quadcopter it could handle light wind condition , tough , real sensetive on the controls jus one touch and its ready to go
i bought this doll for my daughter . she loves playing with it and all the others we have purchased recently .
my only complaint is that i could not choose the color and the picture implies that it is green ( it was orange . )
i probably just missed it in product description but it was much smaller than i had expected . still cute and perfectly baby jaguar .
this item olooked like a lot of fun and it turned out that it made a big hit with the girl who received it as well as her cousins .
four year old girl loves this game . perfect for long trips in the car . shipped promptly , and arrived as pictured . thank you ! :)
this is a fast paced game . if you want to relax and enjoy time with friends this is not the game for you .
saw this guy and knew he was needed on my shelf . then watched video online with him in it and was even happier to have him .
thanks so much for getting this game to us so quickly it was for my friends daughters bday she loves it ! !
i would highly recommend purchasing any toy from safari ltd - you really can't go wrong . they are just so sweet and lovely and so detailed .
this is such a cute lego duplo set with the little farm animals . my little brother loves the lego duplos .
my little 5 year old granddaughter likes it . i just does not keep her playing with it for very long . not much to spark her interest .
one of the board games in my house that gets played often . my boys love it and i love that it is cooperative .
it's a crayon that writes on bathtub walls . rubs off easily with the wet washcloth after bathtime is done . recommended , would buy again .
my oldest daughter is 7 and she loves this game . it's a fun way to learn without her even realizing it .
a santa stocking stuffer this bus has been able to withstand two rough and rowdy boys . this is great quality and bigger then i expected .
my kids love that they can play with the characters in the books and movies . i think the trains look great and work great !
who can go wrong with a leapfrog for a 4 year old , my son loves it … he's been carrying it everywhere he goes .
my daughter loves this game . she is still a little young for it but she loves it all the same .
it is awsome very good quality and the price is very good too so i am glade i bought it my kids love it
my grandchildren play this game . the youngest and even the older ones love it . very easy for the little children .
great price and my girls loved them . i was happy they sent 2 different colors . made it easy for the girls to know which is which .
i was very happy with this product . it was shipped timely and was in very good shape . my grandson will have hours of fun with this !
got it as a christmas present for my daughter and she loved it . quality is ok . my 2 sons like it too .
i purchased this for my daughter's 2nd birthday and it was a hit ! she had a lt of fun blowing out the candle !
kinda expenisve for such a small item but my grandson definitly is loving it ... thank you so much ... have a great day !
very nice . my grandson loves to color and teenage mutant ninja turtles is his favorite ! nice addition for santa . thank you !
this dish set is sturdy and just the right size for little hands . the primary colors are a good learning tool for color recognition are also gender neutral .
these are so cute , and my daughter will love them . many different designs , and lots of creations they can make !
i have never seen a mickey mouse that i did not love and this is no exception ! just so cute ! arrived in perfect condition .
awesome , awesome product . this one is not just for the kids . my husband and i have competitions all the time . fun for the whole family .
i found this edition to be very stimulating . i know several reviewers thought it was too hard ; they must have been asleep during high school and college .
this toy was loved by our grandson .. he really liked playing with this pushing the buttons and pretending it was a real phone ..
again anothe gift for grandson , he loves it all . his older brothers actually play with it also . they all love it .
my daughter was very happy with this . no problems . works just like a doll should . i really like this series .
i had to buy gifts for 18 children and got two of these . it was a good choice because it was very popular !
my son loves these darts , compared to the regular / whistling darts . i initially thought they were too small , but now they are his favorite
i already owned the eight player version of this game . so many people like it that i decided to get the twelve player version .
these worked for what i needed them for ( a super mario birthday party ) but was a very cheap quality item .
anyone notice i said " we " ? that's because i play with toys as well , this set of dinosaurs is totally awesome !
simply but fun . my son and daughter loved playing with it . you can do a lot with them ... very nice toy
stickers are always fun and an activity to occupy little hands and have some quiet time . this set is quite nice .
purchased this for our very inquisitive 6 year old grand-son for a christmas gift . also purchased the extra the assorted specimen collection . great learning tool for children .
play doh is always a hit---messing but messing fun . my grandson loves to push the play-doh out and cut is off . one of his favorite toys .
these are cute , but i was hoping they would be a little easier to get in and out of the bear bodies .
my son loves this guy ! he has had more fun playing with it ! ! wants to buy the rest of the set ! !
so soft ! very real looking . adorable in an easter basket and a well loved and very huggable new furry friend for my son .
i was expecting a larger minion . the kids loved them regardless . they are quite funny little toys and keep the kids entertained .
very happy my son with this excellent productvery happy my son with this product , excellent recommend it are very well made toys , i like
everything i need if the heli needs a repair . exactly what i ordered . took a while to arrive but would buy again if needed .
i purchased these for party favors for my son's superhero party . the kids loved them . they are cute and very durable .
shockwave is one of the most popular characters of the transformers universe all the way down from his impoing stature to his single glowing eye
very easy screen saver to install . no air bubbles . just take your time and follow the instructions and it will adhere great !
the sounds of quality dominoes being shuffled is music to the ears . the wooden storage box surpasses its plastic predecessor . love them !
i bought this for my grandsons for christmas . they all loved the planes movie and they all loved this toy !
this is the big triceratops , he goes great with the t-rex and the brachiosaurus . very happy with purchase ! very beautiful , details are incredible .
this is one of the many dragons now in the nursery for our grand child . it is cute and cuddly just right for baby !
exactly as described . seems to be good quality . would recommend . looks just like the character from the game . thanks so much !
these are very durable toys and the kids love them ! this one was a good price and arrived quickly . i would highly recommend .
my baby girl loves doc mcstuffins and she loves the dragon . she plays with it every day . perfect size and cute doll .
built kind of crappy in my opinion , it seemed like it lost it's fun factor with the kiddos pretty quick . but whatever makes them happy right riiiiighttttt !
beanie baby good quality and they look just like the cartoon . lots of fun for pretend play .
my granddaughter was particularly taken with the fact that this item rolls like her own suitcase . adds to the likelihood that her doll and accessories get put away ..
never realized what a nasty minds in our home . so entertaining.have ordered one for nephew in england for his birthday
made from metal , probably diecast . son loves it . i wish it had sounds or a moving prop , but thats ok .
bought this so my daughter could download some games on the leapfrog pad ultrafor our grandson to play and learn .
grandsons love legos , just like their dads did many years ago . this one was easy to put together .
cheaper then g - 1 re-issue and looks just like original g - 1 veryy impressed ! ! overall i give this product two thumbs up ! !
my grand daughter loved it.it is part of her collection . she has a collection of these toys.it come to her in good shape
this is a great toy , my daughter just loved it . she has'nt put it down and sleep with it ever sense .
these are nice toys . not cheesey at all . good for play time or prizes . i will buy then again next year .
a great expansion to the original pandemic . comes with extra storage space for the original as well .
all i can say is , if your a shadow fan this is great . great plush my son absolutely loves it . again just right !
ordered this for our grandkids . fun to play with and educational at the same time . many hours of fun for all .
my son is very happy with luigi even though itvwas not the same size as his other plush characters.it is cool looking .
our 3 year old can't take a bath without this toy ! just loves it ! so fun and durable to play with !
fun gift ! we got these for our nephews and they love them . we got the pens to go with them .
both of my children love this game . my 3 year-old son enjoys it as much as my daughter . brings out the creative energy .
this was smaller than i thought it was going to be . it didn't matter to my daughter that much but it mattered to me and my pocketbook .
this is a toy that my grandson goes to over and over . i didn't realize it was as big as it was but he loves it .
bought this for my grandson for christmas . i believe that he will really enjoy it . it is his first christmas .
my 6 yr old daughter loves it . plays with it always . handles well and manuvers good . drives it all around the house .
it can store many cars , and my son still loves to play with it , also it can last very long
my 9yr old daughter loves martian matter . it's really fun to make a combination of colored aliens . i recommend this .
set was expensive for the contents . kids liked it , but it did not take long to use up the materials .
we really only bought this for the minifigures and for that , it was worth 4.99 . wouldn't pay more for it though .
not sure it plays the correct tune but it's a good introduction guitar and it really does not seem cheaply made at all .
not really a lot of fun , my grandson received a few of these and they just aren't worth the money
granddaughter loved it ! soft & cuddly she carried it around & played with it a lot after we gave it to her .
it is a toy that i gave away for christmas . i really can't say much about it . never played with it .
my two year old loves this little guy and drags him around all the time . very soft and fascinating , sweet eyes . you won't be disappointed .
looks interesting and works as described . it's a little tough for small fingers to get to work , but other than that is a good product .
realistic looking and nicely priced ... my granddaughter will love playing with these with her new kitchen . would recommend for hours of pretend play .
this was a real hit as a birthday gift . it was actually given to a two year old . he mastered it right away .
cheaply made . broke after just a bit of use . thank goodness my son wasn't too attached to it because i wasn't about to buy a new one .
santa is bringing this to my granddaugther and i know she will lovwe it . the presentation is very nice and is appealing to ll .
this is a ' must ' for many lego starter sets . the grandsons share many additional plates and create their own villages using the green plates as grass .
the camera did not come complete to operate and the display online indicated that it was ready to be used .
i ordered these as a gift and ended up ordering a second set for my daughter . both kids absolutely love them ! i love simple toys like this .
use this for son's second bday he really enjoyed and it made the cake really stand out . it was a hit with all the kids
this is a nice set since it comes with little accessories . sophia's head falls off a lot but it snaps right back on ;)
got a real charge from this item . makes charging convenient , i have a charger for each of my two s107 helos .
this is one of the teenge mutant ninja turtles my grandson wanted for christmas . it is exactly what he expected and he was happy !
purchased for my granddaughter . nice product , big size and where it's rubber it won't break when she drops it.would recommend ...
purchased for a christmas gift but i am sure it will be a huge hit ! ! my niece has been asking for this for months !
was bigger than i thought it would be which was great . quality is nice ; what you would expect from melissa & dug . delivered on time .
and it's educational ! we bought it for our 15 month old for christmas , but it's a fun family game , promoting education , for everyone !
they are doll clothes hangers . not much to say except they fit in the doll case we purchased them for .
perfect addition to the outdoor treehouse . good quality and easy to install . it has held up nicely in our hot summers and cold winters .
both of my kids have gotten lots of use out of the clock . i can't see this toy breaking anytime soon .
these are great ! my 3 year old got them for christmas and she just loves them . nice clarity and great range .
this game is great and i will be glad to have it when the kids are ready to play it .
we were looking for additional goodie bag items for our daughter's despicable me minion themed birthday party and this just added to the excitement !
my 1 year old is not very interested in coloring yet , but hese jumbo size crayons are perfect for his small hands .
he looks just like on tv - i just totally love zombie merle - he's a great piece in my zombie collection
nefera is so awesome . and i got her when she was only $ 19 ! what a steal , she is even better in person .
my son is a huge fan of dinosaurs and at the age of 4 1/2 he was able to put the legos together with little help !
use these for my magnet board i created for my kids . they love them . nice objects and they stick pretty good .
my 4 year old loves this microwave she microwaves whole day and night - everything about is worth the money .
i got this for my kids for christmas , hoping the kids would enjoy a classic . so far that seem to enjoy . a +
i gave this to my granddaughter for christmas and she just loves it ! he didn't let it go the whole time !
this was an expansion of my son's snap circuits jr . kit he received last year . as expected it was a hit !
neat trick . my father had one of these back when quarters were real silver . he had another that was three segments too . it's a fund trick .
this pretty toy plays lovely soft music that ebbs and flows , easing baby off to sleep . my daughter enjoys this .
we cannot get enough of this game . rio grande has some fantastic games . we love this . it's a great game for my whole family .
this is a great replacement for the blades and easy to install and cheaper than buying a new helicopter a
bought this for my 17 month old grandson . his big brother has a so called motorcycle and he wants one . so santa needed some help ...
we purchased these to add to the first collection of bubble guppies . they were well worth the addition . we recommend the entire group .
sent to grandson along with cash register and he loves it ! great learning experience . would highly recommend this set for children to learn the value of money .
my daughters play minecraft and they love all the little animals , i had no idea they made these toys and they were a big hit ! awesome !
i have a seven year old daughter who loves to play with fish face . i was ecstatic that i could buy it brand new .
purchased for our 3 year old for christmas - we wanted a classic toys christmas and this was the perfect addition .
the picture is beautiful , and the pieces are sturdy and cleanly cut . it is quite a challenging puzzle , but very well-made !
grandkids 8 & 6 love crafts . keeps them busy and quiet . whoopie ! ! ! also fit into greeting cards nicely for gifts . thanks sandra
this unicorn is a lovely pink , very squishy , soft and floppy - very cute ! it reminds me of a pink ferret !
this is a sturdy wooden toy suitable for small children or small animals . i bought it for a cat , and he loves batting it down the hallway .
this works well to replace the stock motor and boom . seems to last just as long or close to it .
i really like these packs because they cut down on the mess of markers ( both on clothes and in the car ) . great idea .
i love this stacker .. lights and sounds make it pretty interesting for your baby .. it is lot's of fun just the post .
my grand daughter has had so much fun with this set . she plays for hours and enjoys every minute . good job ! great quality toy
this is a good simple learning game ... and just one can play by themselves.this is a good gift to start at age 3yr and up !
this mario is a decent sized , very nice quality stuffy , and i'm sure it will be well-received by my nephew this christmas .
hey , i have been looking for this one room for my daughter's dollhouse for a year , but fisher price's own website has it for half the cost !
my three yr old loves this product . the food velcros together nicely but still easy for her to cut . great buy .
what a classic game . i'm glad it's in my kids ' game collection as well ! what kids doesn't love this crazy , noisy , fun game ?
same quality as the bands in the rainbow loom box . no problem at all . my daughter had already made bands and worn them for weeks .
my kids are going to love this . the ice cream looks very realistic . as usual , great job melissa and doug .
i ilked this alot ... i desided to wait on it beacause of the age differeces of the children in the family and potential chocking on small pieces .
if you love angry birds you will love the star wars version . who doesn't like a bird with a light saber ?
great game for a family with younger children . it's never to early to teach your kids a poker face . have fun .
a very inexpensive nerf gun . works fine until it jams , which it does often . worth the $ 10 but not more then that .
adorable ! this has held up wonderfully ! any child that loves the three little pigs story will for sure love this gift !
my son loves these colorful blocks . he is now trying to put them in the correct shape with my help sometimes .
my 6 yr . old grandson loved it ! great for younger kids . my 6 yr . old grandson was very happy with it ! great toy !
this is a nice toy that is easy for kids to use , and is fun for kids . nerf does it again !
my son loves dinosaurs and legos so this was a no brainer . they may require some parental assistance . but the end model is awesome to play with .
great beginning game for me 4 yr old . she loves it . she is learning so much and doesn't even realize it , because she is having fun .
kaylee loves this book she takes good care of her books she has someone read it over and over she knows it by heart
this was a christmas present for our grandson , he loves it ... plays with it all the time . oh my grandson is four years old .
my son had a great time all summer long with this in the pool work as expected and kept hims safe and enjoying the summer fun
my grandkids wanted set they have been asking for christmas is perfect time for the gift . now they have every part of the set
another backup for those " will happen " failures.also will allow to fly after 1st battery requires charging.inexpensive pleasure.john griffiths
we love eeboo games and this one is no exception . great family fun and quality materials ! i highly recommend this one .
fun product for both a 3 year old and 8 year old . lots of fun while building coordination skills and getting excercise .
bought several of these for christmas gifts for my nieces and nephews great price so soft and cute and they are a nice size
a fun game of logic and bluffing . win the heart of the princess by getting your letters to her and keeping other courtiers away .
easy to transform , and can definitely take a beating . my son loves these bots , and heatwave is no exception . very satisfied
love her , exactly what you would expect . glittery and cute . a must have for any monster high collection . 9 year old adores her .
got this for our grandson and it seems to made out of rather cheap plastic ! he loves it tho , so we hope it lasts .
love this idea , grands love it too . fun to do and easy to store . lots of fun for all the girls
i bought this firetruck for my friend's boys ( 4,5 + 3 + 2y ) and they all love it . very good quality ! fast shipping .
this toy is for an older toddler . my daughter wasn't interested at 12 months old and now really enjoys it .
i got this for my daughter but she did not take much interest into it so i am the one that plays it , which i enjoy ha !
my grandson loved this gift . although he is not hard to get into the tub now , it will be harder for my daughter to get him out .
got this for my grandson , he loves the faact that he can build them him self . he loves star wars and legos
awesome ! some of these are weighted and makes theitem seem more realistic . great purchase . granddaughterloves them . thank you .
played this game about a year ago at my son's home . everyone in the family has one now . we love it-good for the mind !
we got this for our 2.5 yr old daughter . like all melissa & doug toys , this is perfect . she loves her horse truck . :)
this game will offend everyone . it is a lot of fun but be prepared to be offended . maybe not the best game to play with your parents .
this is the best game for preschoolers . they can even play it on their own . it is so cute and fun !
it was great fun to complete this puzzle . we also glued it and framed it since my husband loves beer . :)
she's too young to use the internet and follow them that way . however , these are cute little animals--just the right size for a 1.5 year old toddler .
very happy with these pencil grips .. bright colors that kids love ... and fit snug around a standard pencil . good buy . ljk
this was for a two year old that is obsessed with thomas the train . he was so happy to have some trains he could put in the bathtub !
small but my kid loved it .. a.playing all day with this tinny quarter size bottle . this is a good party favor but still too small for that
my granddaughter loved this game and still plays it a year later . she loves to tell you who the animals are and she is learning her letter sounds .
my granddaughter just loves this pony she has a lot of my little pony's and i think this is one of her favorite's .
the doll wasn't very well made , so we returned it . really nothing to it and she was kind of ugly .
these look and feel like p . j . for real people . i always get the best . they are so cute and silky
a must have for other sand projects using larger jars . even mixed with beach sand . kids made some beautiful art .
why you guys all of a sudden stepping it up ? these figures are great ! wish they would do them in a bigger scale though .
my kids love playing with it . seems durable but it does leave lots of pieces around if the kids don't put the puzzle back together oh well
excellent book for my three year old , he is learning colors so quickly and the names of objects shown with the color
i purchased this for my friend's son and he was very happy . delivery was quick and item was in perfect condition upon arrival . he loves it .
my grandkids loved the novi stars dolls . the action figure with the blue hair and the pet were a favorite .
my 2 boys ( 3 and 5 ) love this ... it's bigger than expected and is a nice complement for their playskool rescue bots . even has sounds .
this truck is so cute and my two year old son adores it . very sturdy and kid friendly . has been dropped numerous times and still works .
perfect game for 4-5 year olds . gives a great introduction to strategy and pattern recognition in gaming . this is our sons favorite game !
my 2 year old son loves them ! they fit perfectly in the john deere tool box that is also on amazon .
bought it for a 8 year old grandson . he was very excited about it and loved putting his new vehicles into the figure .
this puzzle is very colorful and keeps a childs attention.easy to handle pieces and great for tiny hands to hold .
i am certain a four year old i know will love this group ! she plays with these critters in very creative ways .
great toy and display for my home . love the quality and build time taken on this set . you will love it
this is part of the ninja turtle series and it arrived in perfect condition ! perfect gift alone or with other turtles and accessories .
this was brand new and no problems , we use it to put the legos on and it is helpful in keeping things stable .
my daughter loves this backpack ! she wore it very proudly for her first day of preschool . it's brightly colored and the perfect size for a toddler .
get what you see . small pieces so don't purchase if you have other small children that put things in their mouths .
great toy for my 2 year old son . soft enough for him to grip and even play with inside without causing damage to anything .
my toddler loves this toy and he learns alot of his letter and even animals on it . definatly a must have for any toddler
i ordered this to make some more advanced bracelets and it was broken when i received it , i made it work but it si just the point !
my niece really enjoys this ! she is learning how to color now and this product is the best way for her to learn !
my daughter loves this kit as does her younger brother . they play school regularly and she thinks it is just perfect for her " class " .
my granddaughter loves the doll and all of the accessories that came with the doll . good addition to her collection
our grandson loves elmo so this was just the right thing for his first bed . he loves sleeping in it in his elmo pjs .
i bought these for my daycare children and they love them . these are great for my 1 year old great sounds great price .
my grandson is 6 months old and loves to play with this toy . his grandfathers are fishermen so they were pleased with them too .
i bought it as a present to a 4yr - old girl . she especially likes the carriage , which can open and close .
this is very cute the kids love it and it is much larger than i expected so worth the price
bought for twin nephews and they seem to like it - played with it all day and that speaks volumes because these kids have zero attention span .
exactly as described . my 3 year old son was so excited to get one of his favorite trains ! ! great quality , and attractive price .
it's very cute . my kids loved it and so did the party guests . you need to purchase a backdrop for it so they have the market cornered .
great floor puzzle for young kids or family to do together . the kids loved this and i enjoyed watching them
great for pretend play and can even help teach beginning math concepts ( 2 by 2 ) if used properly . cleans up nice due to storage component .
purchased this to go with my lone ranger collection , it's neat and easy to put together and it's a nice display piece .
i heard she loves it , and even sleeps with it at night . happy to give a gift that a kid likes .
son was very happy with it . he loves minecraft things . i feel it could've been a little bigger for the price , but am happy overall .
cute train . works well with the other thomas engines that my daughter has for her wooden train sets . item as pictured .
just what i expected . my 18 month old & his play mates who are a few months older love it !
a 5 for i am happy when she is a real deal and she will keep them forever knowing her she is overjoyed with her x-mas from gram
we gave this to our 2 1/2 years daughter and she loved . is a good size for her and had nice colors .
my grandson loves this and plays with it almost every day . it's pretty intricate and life-like . he loved assembling it .
my son said this was " the best ! " lego creator set yet . very fun . kept him busy for a day . :)
all things train and all things lego ... can't really go wrong ! my grandson loved them and likes the added fun of putting numbers on his buildings
what small boy doesnt ' want one of these ? definite hit . buy with weapon / mask thing . fits size 4-8
the inno tab 3 is wonderful for children who are just beginning to learn how to read and also get other softwear to teach youngsters about new things.cathy
makes it very easy to hold all the dolls that my daughter has and all of their accessories so that they are not all over her room
i got this for my granddaughter for christmas and she loved it , looking into getting more clothes for these dolls .
this was a christmas gift for my 6 & 8 year old grandsons and they love them , they play with them all the time .
my 6 yr old is starting to get in to scrapbooking and journals and diaries . this is just perfect ! she loves it !
i got this ball for a gift . but it is not really that fun . it is even hard to teeth on as back up .
i bought this for my niece and not long after giving it to her the storage bag broke ! for the price i would expect a more durable product .
just perfect for 2 year olds . there's no need to worry about choking . kids played with them all day . great
i purchased 5 of these for my family . they loved reading the story to their kids and enjoying the memories of the elf
my daughter can put the underwear on her ag doll easily . the underwear fits nicely under all the other clothes for the doll .
this is a great idea , but unfortunately once i put it on the leapfrog leappad the leappad did not work . i will be returning .
i gave this to our then six year old granddaughter for christmas last year and she loved it ! very good purchase for her .
great educational fun toy ! my three year old grandson really enjoys playing with it . makes a child use his mind .
difficult to fold to close properly . i didn't mind that it was cardboard . but some parts when folded didn't fit nicely and it looked misshapen .
these are very poorly made . my daughter played with them only a couple of times and they are already falling apart . very disappointed .
charge time pretty quick flight time pretty short but overall very quick good response powerfull for a coaxial its worth buying
bought as a gift and my little cousin loves it , she even sleeps in it a lot . nice size shipped rather quick and great price .
these are nerf darts and not a knock off , as advertised and good quality . they fire correctly from the gun
this is a must have for your collection . good quality . good purchase . arrived on time . son loves it ! happy with my purchase
again these where great for little boys at xmas time and as a gift that gave them many options to play with all my g / sons loved them
was purchases for grandson pre-k angel tree . the teacher and boys and girls love it and really enjoyed playing with it . good quality
this toy was a hit at the beach ! from my 21 month old through to the 6 year old they all loved making bricks with it !
this is such a fun game for all of my family - adult children and grand children . we even take it on trips to play at our motel .
my son loved it but it is not well made not well thought out ... could be a lot better for the company
my daughter loves it . its one of her favorites . she plays with this doll all the time . would definitely recommend .
the sizing is great - she has a big foot , so the fit is perfect . they are wellmade and look like a hobbit !
beautiful earrings to match the rest of my peacock jewelry . they are a good weight , not too heavy on the ear lobes .
the erase and chalk with way over-priced for the money they are asking for . you will do better with crayola products and they are cheaper .
a fun game that is offered in several levels of difficulty . it is entertaining and takes a lot of focus ... which helps time pass quickly and quietly .
changed batteries , hit reset several times ... stuck in demo mode . waste . noticed two other reviews to this effect on another site .
so this is a cool doll but it said that it would be the basic clothes and i got the doll with the prince clothes
this is a good product but the pictures on amazon make the product look larger than it actually is . overall its a good buy
my 5 and 7 yr old love this game ! we ordered the next level , the setters of catan , right away , because we love it !
doll is a good size for play or to display . came packaged well and seems durable . highly recommend for gift giving .
i bought this as a gift for a friend's one year old and he loves it ! fun interactive little toy !
my grand-daughter is going to love this toy on christmas day ! i can't wait to see her face light up !
super toy ! biscuit is very cute and lifelike . seems very responsive to commands . a special friend for a child .
santa brought this for our 5yr old boy and 2 yr old girl . they set it up in our foyer right away .
great toy for the little one .. bought this for our grandson and he immediatly took to it .. i would recommend this toy ..
same as above two comments , for a 4 year old little girl that loves her art stuff , adding to her collection .
cheap looking / feeling materials but the items work well for teaching currency to our 4 year old . worth the price to me .
great game , easy for most ages , and fun . we like to play with friends and family on game night . good fun !
i love that frankie hair it's very blue under . i usually like the mh dolls with more clothes , but it's very pretty doll ! !
small little carrying case for all my boys thomas the train and friends . has a small track inside the lid as well .
my child loves all thing dora , and the monkey is her favorite of all . it's a very good buy indeed .
the expression on the doll we received looked a little angry , but my daughter loves carrying the doll around and giving it hugs before bed .
there are lots of pretty colors on this stuffed animal . so cute , whimsical . i am very satisfied with this purchase .
grandson loves these - calls them " sleep buddies " in his bed . cute , small , have been washed and wear okay .
i bought this as a christmas gift for my not quite 2 year old niece . word is she loves it !
this product is really cute for kids and the animal noises are good . it is kind of hard for a toddler to pull the handle though .
these leap frog games are excellent . it will be fully enjoyed by the grand kids who are between 2 and 6 years old .
my daughter really likes this game and is stunned at how many times it guesses correctly . good , unique gift for the harry potter fan .
very cute , great deal , came very quickly , lil girl will love it ! was happy with my purchase and can't wait to give it to her .
good for the littluns ... very simple and very entertaining.not much learning happening but certainly makes her eyes light up .
of all the melissa and doug magnetic sets , this is the best because it has its own carrying case . that's great .
this set is small , but awesome and fun ! the kids i bought it for really enjoyed making it and it worked great !
my kids 7 and 8 love to play dinner games and they look forward to it every night . it is simple and quick .
a family member was gifted with this and was very excited to receive it . i'm sure that it will be a source of great joy .
my niece was ecstatic about receiving this doll from me for her christmas gift.she loves monster high so this was perfect .
my son loves to build things and he spends hours with these over several years . they are great for lego lovers and block lovers .
loved the rv zombie , detail is amazing and the package was in excellent condition . i would recommend this for all fans of twd .
gave this to my two year old neice . she loved it and it fit great in her hand , perfect to grow into .
works fine . great price . the minimum word count for reviews is annoying . what else is there to say about a charger ?
pretty nice looking item , again not in scale with other ships but its a toy not a real scale collector item .
beautiful dollhouse . perfect for my daughter . very detailed and lovely patterns , colors and shapes . comes with furniture . doll family sold separately .
love this toy . easy for smaller children , well made and sturdy . even older kids enjoy the ease of making a quick project .
my 3 year old grandaughter loves all her critters . the nursery set is one of her favorite things to play with .
these were cute party favors . the kids liked them and the eggs are strong and sturdy . they don't break easy like most plastic eggs .
this game is hilarious . we played it a party we hosted and everyone loved it . guaranteed to make you laugh .
would recommend ; sturdy and good quality . purchased for 3 year old and he loved it . lights and noise good touch
as many people posted-these are for 30 pounds and under which is not stated on the site . very misleading and not safe if your child weighs more .
i cannot play without the river 2 . it adds a whole new dynamic competitiveness to start each game . a must have
i am a day care provider and bought these for my older day care children . the cloths are so easy to get on and off .
hands down - my favorite melissa and doug set ! ! the cutting food sets provide endless fun for my daughter . highly recommended .
i purchased this item for my 8 year old grandson and he has really enjoyed playing with this toy . the price was good and the shipping was quickly .
i , m very happy with mine it flys very well its an indoor chopper for fun i turn on my air conditioner ... :)
so this toy keeps the little ones occupied while you are cooking , and it is educational to boot . can't beat that . highly reccommend !
i bought this for my 3 year old because he loved my older boys bumble bee transformer . its easy to transform and makes cool sounds and is interactive .
fun in the tub for your favorite dinosaur lover ! perfect size for little hands ! good time for interactive play at bath time ?
hours spent creating and crashing ! great for both 2 and 7 year olds ! ! the wooden case keeps everything neatly stored between play !
hours of fun playing this game . if rules confuse you check out video of how . to play by watchitplayed on youtube .
these toys are pretty flimsy and even in shipping marked fragile so i cannot imagine they would last with boys who are rough and tough !
i bought this to complete the set . noah doesn't play with it that much , but wants it none the less .
bought this for my grand-daughter who absolutely loved it . it is the go to snuggly at her nap time . so glad we got it .
great quality and great sound ! i love melissa & doug puzzles . i have others with sound and still are working fine years later .
monster high fashion pack outfit better vaule then single packs i have bought / like the 2 pack fashion for frankie stein
this doll it's absolutely beautiful , my daughter loves her , the face and the outfit are lovely and pretty . she is very pleased with her lagoona
this inflatable basketball hoop is wonderful . it doesn't tip over too easily and since it's inflatable you don't have to worry as much about injuries .
not a safe toy for 2-3 year olds . would not buy again nor recommend . i am very disappointed in this toy .
the little ones love to practice learning how to open all different locks ... yet to be see if it was too educational - ha !
these pans were of very good quality , and my niece loves them . they truly were an excellent gift that you can be proud to give .
this went over well for the young ones 2 years old and 4 years old . i should have bought 2 of them
this 4 piece outfit is really cute ! my granddaughter received this as a christmas gift and she screamed with joy !
nerf super soaker scatter blastfun gift for the boy that has everything .. he really likes squirting this at everyone !
this set has lasted a long time . i am very happy with the purchase and will be handing down to the next child .
it is durable and the 5 year old loves it too . like the guide showing where to put components back .
it's one of the toys stella requested from santa and hasn't stopped playing with it.she loves batman and all the superheroes .
my daughter loved this christmas day , but after that has not played with it much . i would purchase more animals rather than the vehicle .
received the product with box damaged , but my daughter loved the doll . didn't want to go to the trouble of resend it and get another one .
my grandson loves it and so does his visiting friends . sometimes the little cars fall off the ramp but he just picks them up and tries again .
my daughter loves this she sleeps with it at nite its a great nite light and changes color so cool for young kids
i bought this as a gag gift and it didnt fool anyone , very fake looking , and darker then pictured , avoid ! ! !
this is a nice little rc helicopter . it is a little bit more difficult to fly than some of the others , but with practice its not bad .
great detail on doll and clothing . haven't opened the box yet , but looks great . hair looks great too ! even the white lock .
my daughter loves this thing ! the songs are catchy , but mostly she just enjoys that she can put all kinds of things in it . very cute !
the price was great , the cranking is kind of hard for my children to do ( 6 & 3 ) but it is very cool gift .
really like this train set . it comes with a lot for the price . good quality . also works well with other brands of wooden train tracks .
solar car - world's smallest solar powered car - educational solar loved it , so small but really fast , needs light close to it
they like playing with this and although it is a bit messy , it is a fun way to keep them interested in science .
we got this for my sons 7th birthday , as he loves history , and we all love playing this game .
purchased this for my grandson and it arrived in perfect condition in box ; and goes well with the other ninja turtles !
my 2 year old , who is a huge dora fan , adores this . it feels pretty durable and i even washed it once . so very satisfied .
the jewels are nice looking , plastic and come by the dozen in many colors and shapes . they were perfect for filling our son's treasure chest .
okay toys - but my daughter loved them . overpriced for what is included ... but my daughter played with them for two years .
this toy arrived broken up into about a thousand little pieces . no wonder it was damaged , the stuff it into a box that's 5 times too small !
purchased dishes for use in grandkids cook n grow kitchen they are receiving for christmas . hey will love the bright colors .
this game is purely enjoyable . my wife and i bring it as we travel . our whole family is starting to get addicted .
my daughter enjoys spending time with this magnifying glass . the construction quality looks good . i am hoping this will last a while .
who can say anything bad about toy story ? purchased to go along with the innotab for my 4 yr . old grandson - great learning tool .
these cards are fantastic , even speaking as a fan , the detail , quality , vibrant color & beautiful artwork , makes these a must have .
these do not fit any barbie dolls as the are super tiny . total ripoff . do not buy these which we used as stocking stuffers .
perfect for the dream lego builder . thought it should have come with more of the little people but other than that the kids were pretty satisfied with it .
i gave these to her today she loved them . she added them to her collection of her * miniature princess dolls .
love this . bought it as a christmas present for my nephew.works great ... takes a little bit to figure out the controls :)
bought for my 5 year old son . he loves it . it is just like all the other disney pixar cars .
this is another quality bruder product . works just like shown , very cool how it grind the paper and ' trash ' . my son loves it .
authentic and high quality . goes well with my other angrybirds plush characters i have . :) looking forward to getting the other characters down the road .
this toy will never lose its appeal . i loved them as a kid and both my boys have loved them as well .
this is her favorite fairy game . she has not put it down since she open it .. perfect gift for my four year old granddaughter
my son is just getting in to k'nex and i think this was a great starter set . he is really enjoying playing with it .
lots of room and just enough moving parts - my three year old will play with this for hours -
these are , great and there are plenty of them and i can shoot them anywhere inside of my home . thanks .
my 5 year old son loves this puzzle . it is well made and the pieces are very sturdy . this is a great educational toy .
this was a christmas present for my 8 yr old daughter and she loves the colors and was happy to have this for her collection .
who would not love all these different colors of play-doh * this set offers lots of choices and lots of fun time . thank you
stuffy is very cute , but over priced . i wouldn't have spent the money but grandma is over indulgent ! he isn't played with much !
this is basically an x-rated apples to apples . great on sober and drunk nights hahai would highly recommend this game !
i've used this to make both envelopes and small boxes - works great ! if you follow the instructions , you'll have no problems .
this is such a fun toy . i love the quality of the toy . love that it is wood . the kids love it also
this is a fun item . wish it were a little stabler since it can tip if leaned on . but that is to be expected with active boys .
very pricey . kids love them but man they are expensive and i don't know why . funny thing is , lego was expensive when i was a kid .
i love this product and use it on a daily basis . it makes holding my son's artwork easy and none of the artwork gets damaged by bending .
i purchased this landing gear to replace broken landing here after my five-year-old broke his the fit is perfect and it was very easy to replace
rapunzel is very popular right now , tin purse can take the wear and tear of a little girls , great for carrying those important little things ...
my three year old twins just love doc mcstuffins . they carry this bag around and doctor toys . this is a great toy !
sent as christmas gift and was sent in just a few days . he loves it & he and his friends play together with the beyblades
great quality for the money . my son loves it . worth the price . no complaints . withstands quite a beating from my 2 year old .
this completed my son's costume for halloween perfectly . good quality and fit perfect do to the thick elastic back . would fit any age
how do you really review paint ? it's paint . being crayola it's washable and that's always a plus . and you know kids and paint ! :)
my dughter is showing an interest in science , so santa brought this kit . it was a lot of fun for the two of us to do together .
my daughter is totally into owls right now , so this was a perfect gift for her . just needs plenty of light to really move !
my 8 year old twin grandsons play football and the jersey went over very well when they saw their elf wearing it.what a clever idea .
i bought this tiger to add to my twenty month old daughter's zoo talkers set . she loves it . the end .
it came quickly , nicely packaged and a great price ! my 5 year old is having some great fun with the different designs ! love it .
this was the best christmas gift he got ... he loves octonauts and this comes with fun pieces for him to share with others or just play himself
bought this for my disabled son . play-doh helps him out in so many ways with sensory , strengthing his hands , coordination , and creating new things .
so many crayons ! the crayon holder itself i found sturdy . my 6 year old daughter loves it . big bang for my buck !
what a fantastic company ! i hope they come out with new products in the future . the packaging is almost as great as the product-cardboard !
my kids love this toy . i've used it for both my kids , a boy and a girl . both have enjoyed playing with it
the kids are loving this . we haven't tried it in water yet - - i can't wait to see if it works !
these blocks are fun for our toddler who loves to stack them . just wish they were colored on all sides .
very high quality play doll . we did not show the 3 yr . old the drink and wet feature so as not to have too much wet diapers .
this is a christmas gift so has not been opened yet but i like the idea of the volume control being limited for small children !
our sons room is decorated in a racing / car theme . this really added to the rooms décor . easy to hang looks great and is a good buy
how cute is those bunny slippers to go with the nightgown that i had order for my niece she loved them and so did i . thank you !
amazing price compared to walmart and other sites , sturdy , heavy duty and will definitly keep from getting damaged . would buy again !
this was a christmas gift for my 6 year old grandson and he loves it . it was a big hit .
it has taken at least 6 months of beat downs from my son . still going strong ! a definite buy ! 5 stars !
brought this for christmas as a gift for my four year old gra daughter . she will love it as i also purchased the scooter that ghoulia rides
i collect mice . this is one of my favorites . isn't it darling ! small , soft and realistic . he is so adorable !
this game is pretty terrible . pretty to look at but bland gameplay . this is definitely a bargain bin title . just terrible .
my 4 year old and 6 year old love playing with it in the bath . it's sturdy and a nice size .
stands up to rough play . does exactly as advertised . my son has spent hours and hours playing with this toy .
3 year old grandson loved it . phrases in auto and dino mode are funny and informative . easy to transition from dino to auto mode .
bought this for my 1 year old neice . she and my 4 year old son can't get enough of it .
my kids love prancine . she goes everywhere with us . the story included and the " baby prancine " are also a hit with my kids
and the 7 year old used her xmas money to go right out and buy her own ! awesome product . just wish the offered refills .
our granddaughter loved this . the kitchen was a huge hit with our granddaughter , and these cut grocery cans added to it .
got my son one on his fifth birthday and within a week he was reading time all by himself . very impressed with this toy .
this is a fun toy to play with for kids and adults . the item was received in new condition . it provides for hours of play .
the color is more teal than blue but other than that my son loves it . it gives the leappad a little of his own style !
my granddaughter loves camping and playing legos with her brothers and finally they have them for girls ! she loves these !
the frog legs seem to hop as the wheels turn and children love it . it works smoothly and looks very cute . i highly recommend this pull-behind toy .
this play kitchen set is really adorable , it's way better than i expected ! and a great size too . :) love it
as all the other books that we have purchased this is a wonderful product , they are loved and used everyday ,
great quality and my 5 year old loves them . they get played with a lot and none have been broken .
i purchased this as a gift . child was obsessed with it . i'm sure the adapter will get plenty of use .
the product is excellent i arrived in the estimated time and in perfect condition my son loves it and plays a lot with the
we have a my little pony fan and so i bought this for my daughters birthday . it was a hit !
xmas gift for granddaughter will have to wait till xmas to open up great deal i like the bright colors
love this merida doll she is very pretty and has great hair . my daughter has realy enjoyed playing with her .
another very good , well made toy . my grandson loves it . obviously the sort of toy that will last a long time .
fun product to prank with . absolute " gas " at a party . fool people into thinking you have a bad case of wind .
i gave a set to an adult friend 2 years ago . he ask for more last christmas . he says everyone visiting his kitchen plays with them .
very fun to play with my 9 year old son . but he beats me every time . oh , to have a young brain sponge again ...
amazon shipped fast ! great product ... a bit messy . my daughter seems to enjoy making weird crayons . overall a great toy for the holidays !
can't wait to see the look on my grandson's face when he sees elmo sitting on his cake for his second birthday .
obviously these are just for plays or fun , or halloween , but they are made well , not flimsy like you find in the cheapy halloween costume section .
worth it and totally wonderful .. a great find .. my lil one loves it and her room is more cleaner then ever .. lol
it was smaller then i expected . although out grandson liked it and it was easy for him to transform . all the pieces stayed together which was nice .
we loved this . she plays doctor all day long . the stethescope has a childs , cough and heartbeat sound . that is her favorite .
this red ranger is up there with the red armored one it's beautifully sculpted and detail with articulation out of this world . good job tamashi nations .
well babies grow up don't they . it is nice to have a doll that represents the age of the child playing with it .
we like it and don't have any complaints . although not my favorite melissa & doug puzzle we had fun putting this together
i bought this for my niece and she loves it . lots of little pieces so i wouldn't get it for a younger kid , especially the little ring .
we bought these for our kids a couple of years ago and although they have been played with a lot they are still in great shape .
cute castle , the quality is high as expected with lego . don't know what else to really say about this product .
it's made pretty cheap , pieces break off very easily , including the staircase , balconies and seat . but , my daughter loves it regardless .
i love this set and my son does too ! these guys are very durable and offer kids hours of entertainment !
my son loves legos and has a few hero factory guys . this is his favorite . not too complicated and hold together pretty well once they are built .
i love these for my toddler but they wear out quickly and have to be thrown out to soon . lucky it came with 6 of them !
the adults have just as much fun as the children . most of the games are too advanced for my 3 year old grandson .
i could only find pink gloworms in the stores . glad you had a blue one for a new baby in the house
this train was a great addition to our wooden train sets . it works and looks as described and so far has survived twin 4 year old train adventures .
great quality my plas with these everytime he plays with his legos . not much else to add , great product and all of the legos piecies fit .
kids loved it .. the colored oil runs through the water ... cute timer for a variety of purposes but broken on first day .. cracked
kiddo loves her spynet gear : i know she loves to play spy with the spynet video glasses , and her spynet video watch , and her infrared goggles
my grandaughter loved this item and plays with it a lot , works well and was just the rite toy for her age
haven't had any issues of of yet . we use the rechargable batteries and this is our back up ! does the job .
got it on sale , super cheap . 5 year old son loves it . opens 1 new game and some videos . worth the few bucks it cost .
this is a pretty good , middle-of-the road bey . i would recommend it for someone who is just getting started in the game .
arrived timely . it is a gift . looks fun ! good for basic learning skills . all of box is intact and in great shape .
the grand kids love it , they can put food on their play dishes so it is moore like a real tea party .
quick service and in good shape . it gets a lot of use from the boys . easy to use and store .
this game is awesome and the expansion only help it's awesomeness . get you mentally disturbed buddies rounded up and have a gut aching good time playing this game .
my kid likes the item . i believe we still have the item . i would recommend this to others with kids .
we always love melissa and doug products . this is a durable fruit set and the crate is perfect for storage !
bought this for my grand children for christmas . they really enjoy playing it . a very good quality product . amazon gives a very good buying experience .
my three year old son loves monster trucks and school buses so he really likes this monster truck school bus !
my two grandkids love playing with these realistic foods . very well made that will give them hours of play fun .
my daughter is obsessed with trains and was so happy to have this to go with connor . great color and quality train .
i would have rated it higher but pete has no buttons ! this was the first thing my grandson noticed . my daugher-in-law had to sew some on .
this trike is so cute and fun ! not for bigger kids though ! it was easy to put together and came in fast !
so cool ! it's just like daddy's office at home ! my daughter really enjoys plaing with all the rooms in her loving family dollhouse .
the train is just what grandson wanted . they are well constructed and are genuine . great for kids that like thomas
its not very big , and i am really not to impressed with it . we will see come christmas morning how my 4 year old likes it .
i bought this nerf gun for my niece and she loved it ! no issues at all , and she loved it since it was a girly version .
my daughter loves thes stamps . i love how you can use the box it comes in for storage , less chance of getting ink everywhere .
so far my grand daughter has gottin it out and played with it as her second choiceafter christmas.this toy is a hit !
this is a great case that protects the explorer tablet from getting broken when used by little hands . always protect expensive things .
my grandsons were not impressed with these not easy to put together and not much fun to play withi would not buy them again
what a simple game but so much funit's a cross between traffic jam and the triangle peg board game
this item , as well as the other leggo friends was received crushed , and looked like the item had been opened and tampered with . highly disappointed .
my granddaughter has a disability , so having this puzzle helps her with her occupational therapy that she needs to do each day .
i would recommend to others . it is fun to fly and entertains people of all ages . it is easy to learn how to fly .
now and then . that's about all . all kids get bored with toys eventually . a lot of reviews here , so mine won't matter .
this is an entertaining game , good for a group . can get very silly or dirty depending on the group that you're with .
my son absolutely loves these games . he loves bashing the aliens and the number bash . it buys mom and dad some valuable time .
well made , just like their calendar . lots of " chores " , more than i would of thought of on my own . great gift idea !
this toy is very stimulating . it lights up and has music . i have had success using this toy for children with autism to engage them .
this little tikes toy car is perfect for toddlers . it is durable and high quality materials . it can be used inside and outside .
this was purchased for a tween granddaughter , and i know she will love it . it's pretty and tendy and has a real lock !
my granddaughter played with these all day christmas . the products came on time and were well packed . it really made my granddaughter's christmas .
my oldest daughter is obsessed with jasmine and loved that she could have aladdin as well . he is well made and holds up to frequent play .
this figure is a must have . the details are above and beyond what you see in this picture . get it now ! ! !
i bought this gift for my granddaughter for valentines day ! she loved it . she's 7 yrs old & it captured her attention for alot of time .
no collection of the logging locos would be complete without ferdinand . this was the feather in the cap for this part of our collection .
i enjoy this game so much , that i purchased the ipad app of it as well , and play on my subway commute to and from work !
my grandson loves this puzzle . he knows the different vehicles and can do the puzzle very quickly . the pegs are really nice for little hands to play .
i was very disappointed in how cheaply this is made to be fisher price toy . i wouldn't waste the money one another one \
my daughter loves this doll and all the accessories that came with her . this is one of her first monster high dolls and most definitely not the last .
i bought this for . y grandsons 4th birthday . he really liked it along with all the turtles that i bought .
got them for my 2 and 4 year old and they love them and they're easy to wipe off with a washcloth when everyone is done .
have never laughed about a game in my life like have this one . i hope they will keep making more expansions .
my grandson loved this . very simple toy he really enjoyed and it kept him busy for a good time span .
this puzzle is fun for toddlers and teaches them numbers and how to fit puzzle pieces together . the quality is excellent and the price was great as well .
this is a great beanie baby for anyone who loves the backyardigans . it's a fun tv show and is a very cute and cuddly stuffed friend .
great size and sturdy . no sound effects just pure imagination for your child . my son loved iron man along with three other superheroes .
sound s good and color is okay . the screen is a bit smaller than expected . quality of the screen is not good either .
the grand-girls absolutely love this . they would serve each of us a slice & sing , then go make ice cream to serve with the ice cream set .
great for working with younger childern and motor skills . it's a great starter . helps with sorting colors too . great for hand / eye coronation
it's a big piece of plastic but went together easily and my granddaughter was gaga over it . wish it included at least one doll .
i had this toy sent to a three year old - based on the leap frog toys my child has had , this one looks great too
my daughter loves her laptop and has played with it everyday for the past 2 weeks ! made very well and has many different features to keep her interest !
such a great toy for a toddler , my 2 year old daughter loves this . easy to assemble , a few adjusting heights . great !
i love this line of educational toys and highly recommend them to others . my granddaughter had a lot of fun .
these collections are always , miniature , realistic , representations of members the animal kingdom . i find this one to be cute , decorative ... and , educational .
very cheaply made . set much smaller than it looks . bought to go with my granddaughter's play kitchen and they are by scale much smaller than the pic looks
another gift for my granddaughter who is three years old . she loves her tag junior pal and the fact that it says her name is an extra .
my daughter received one for christmas and it is just a depicted online , she looks great and is now in my daughters top five among abbey bominable !
this is a cute item , but for what i got it wasn't worth what i paid for it . i would not purchase it again .
just what i was looking for for my grandson . perfect for making rainbow bracelets and crafts . was shipped quickly and arrived in good shape .
this was added accessories for halloween costumes , but has survived lots of play and tossing about . the activations are fun and it's been a successful purchase .
good quality , would buy again . it would be nice if these items came with little idea booklets to use for projects
this doll was a big hit with my niece . it's so adoreable and just the right size for a 3 - year old's arms .
we gave this as a gift to an 18 - month old and it was very well received . in fact , he wanted to play with it immediately .
daughters wants them all they are beautiful . they have blondie locks and red riding hood may get giftsets later . great price at justice some on amazon
these are great quality wood , however they don't stand very easily on the carpet . i'm a bit disappointed . the kids still play with them though .
great addition if you have a zillion legos like we do ! would recommend especially if you can get a deal on it !
this tartan hello kitty doll is adorable . she is one in a series and is a total keeper.well made and well designed . not a cheapie knockoff .
my grandchildren love legos and this a great addition to their building sets . i am anxious to see if they can even create some other buildings with it .
was a gift for my 36 year old son , he got a kick out of it . going to put on his desk at work .
spring is around the corner and its a fun project to do when its too cold to go out and play and hints of the promise of spring !
i love the hape play kitchen and accessories - cute pretend play items that actually look like they were made for kids . no nasty looking plastic food !
this doodler is a nice size , pretty strong and a cute color plus the stampers which my daughter loves , good product .
nicely made with attention to detail . the app is larger than expected , that is , it is about the size of a grapefruit .
my grand daughter loved this at christmas . the nightgown was made of good material and was very pretty . she plays with it a lot
i bought this as a gift for my niece for christmas , but had quite a bit of fun playing it myself .
my grandson loves cars . so i bought him this set and he loves playing with these cars . the price was reasonable as well .
my daughter loved this group of chipmunks . great price . she plays with them everyday . buy if your kids like alvin and the chipmunks .
plants , ghost , steam punks , bear calvary . new factions and new ways to harass your opponents , i mean friends , i think ,
my son loves this ! it's such a great versatile toy , and if anything happened to it i wouldn't even think twice about repurchasing it .
this is the wonder woman figure you have been waiting for . no crazy turn of the hips or falling over issues great figure .
these bracelets are a great addition to your superhero party grab bag ! love that so many came in the bags !
four year old kids like it . they're pretty smart and it does keep their interest . it's the cyber age after all .
this quickly became our favorite deck-building game . be sure to get rumble of ry'leh as well ! the games are worth every penny .
hate that you have to mix and sometimes not enough paint to finish picture , otherwise they are pretty and fun and i buy alot of them
my son is just getting into elmo , so i had to get this for him . its so cute and cuddly ! perfect size for my baby !
if you are looking for crush prove balls , these are not the balls to buy . don't bother buying these ... they get crushed very easily !
leapfrog is great . this pen has surprisingly been durable and does not eat through batteries . easy to use and my daughter loves it . great or travel .
this stoy is hard to find and i think if you get it at a good price then cool , optimus prime is a great action hero
i got this as well as a bag of balls for my grand daughters 1st birthday . she loves balls ! well made . she loves it
diesel may not be the prettiest of the thomas train collection but it is the fastest . can pull lots of trains behind it .
this was purchased for my grandson for a christmas present . he has tons of legos and is very happy with them all .
shrinky dinks monster lab was a hit . great fun coloring and then watching them shrink in the oven . hours of fun !
item is exactly as described and pictured . my kids love it and use it often and it keeps them busy .
my son loves the gun he wanted a nerf gun for christmas so i got him this one and he loves it .
like any lego product , this is a great gift.the instructions are clear and the finished product is great . lego is a quality product for sure .
it was a great gift for christmas . kids love it . it also interacts with the ipad which makes even better .
love this set , love the droids , comes with plenty , kids have been playing with it since the birthday a month and a half ago .
great for little ones just starting to pain . chunky grip works perfectly . these have lasted us for quite a while . great quality .
xmas toy for grandaughter.she is a barbie fanatic . i know that she will be spending hours playing with it . thanks amazon
again , bought several of these for the grandson's . they love lego's and you can't go wrong with this one . they were all excited .
this is a very good set but there are limitations on what can be built with it . it was a good starter set .
if your kids or grandkids loved the movie , the legos version will simply add to the magic . a must have toy !
but it broke the first time i used it . very cheaply made and it's really small , i would not recommend it .
i love this product .. it is educational as well as very cute piece to display in a young ones room
so much fun for the family , a great way to connect . kids love it as well as the adults .
anyone who has children that is into monster high should buy this . my granddaughter loved it . and when my granddaughter is happy then grandma's happy !
my daughter loves this line , she has every character in at least 1 version , beautiful doll , has already provided her with hours of fun .
the kids loved these little prizes , especially the boys since they like bugs and insects . the girls get the butterflies .
if you enjoy apples to apples and you're a horrible person who can appreciate un-pc humor , you'll enjoy this game .
good product , interesting combination of items , as usual lego brand is the best . highly recommend for kids to play with it
this is a very detailed and fun toy . i bought it as a gift and it came in great condition and it has excellent quality !
my son has been wanting this game for a long time . he was very happy when he unwrapped it . very pleased .
my fridge has become one of the most interesting and entertaining parts of my apartment . it was worth it to buy 2 of them for the additional pieces .
these are exactly what i was looking for . now my son can move his set ups around without having them fall apart or moving each piece .
fun for a toddler , sturdy . easy to use . thankfully the volume is adjustable ( for the click sounds )
daughter loved creating her tiara . it has everything you need plus more . great for little hands to keep busy on rainy days !
my 3 year old loves this , as does his 6 year old step sister . highly recommended ! ! !
my grandson put this at the top of his wish list for christmas and , as usual , grandma came through for him .
these are adorable ! ! my daughter loves them , they are soft and furry and sweet.with super saver shipping , you can't go wrong .
my niece has sop much fun with hers i decided to get one for my daughter's boyfriend . he loves gadgets like this and was excited to receive one .
sent this to my 3 year old grandchild for birthday gift and it was a huge hit ! ! ! very detailed and hours of fun !
it's a lovely idea for dexterity purposes with a toddler but overall its actually quite boring . can't store in the box with strings attached .
i didn't read this description thoroughly and my grandsons were disappointed that they had to go find a helium dealer to use this .
just another awesome gift for our grandson noah . he just loves playing with all this thomas toys and they are build so well .
kids love these , fun , quality isn't perfect but it is workable . they were a hit at the birthday party for prizes .
these cubes are our best for vounting . addition & subtraction abab . abcabc . patterning thcubes slide together and slide apart no snappinh
i definitely recommend buying this ! it is great for little ones ! great way for infants to see family that live further away !
since they love playing the game angry birds , they love these angry birds with sound . they enjoy collecting them . they are well made with good sound .
i love all things daryl dixon ... all things . but this little guy is by far the cutest in my collection ! ! ! <3
i thought it would be bigger than what it was . the should give size dimensions for these products . it does work exactly as advertised , though .
i sure like the way the colours are put together ! ! ! it makes a unique style of its own ! ! ! thank you ..
as with all monster high she is cute not sure she has any educational value but i like them better than barbies
it's very cute for a girl but it is not very bright . its very colorful and light to carry around
i bought this for my great granddaughter for christmas . she really enjoyed pushing it around with all her baby dolls . very well made .
this is for a future birthday gift . not sure how well it works yet . will let you know more later .
this is a neat little holder , but is smaller than i anticipated . about the size of a lunchbox.not sure about durability , time will tell .
purchased this item for my grandchildren ages 2 and 3 . this is perfect game to get them interested in fair play .
very good tonal reproduction and sturdy build.quite enchanting watching the expression on your child's face when they play with it !
just the perfect size for toddler hands . our grandson is 17 months old and loves to produce " sounds " on the camera .
granddaughter loves it ! good buy and value for the extended entertainment time ! great gift for any little one ! good quality & durable .
we got the meep for my nephew as a christmas gift and he loves it ! thanks for making him happy !
suuuuper cute . our little elf looks so studly in his little jersey . my daughter was thrilled when he showed up in this !
my son absolutely loves this train track ! it was his favorite christmas present . i like how it can be changed into different tracks not just the one .
poor quality ... split after a month of play ! nice soft material for kids but just has not held up to play .
abbey is so cute . i love this outfit so much and she is just too cute ! ! ! how can you not like them .
this adds lots of fun to the game of spies . the kids love to use the goggles when they play .
i am saving for a birthday , but the blocks look really cute . i wish i could have bought several sets .
very soft . it has plenty of secret places to store all kinds of stuff . i can't wait to see what my grandson does with it .
i purchased this easel for my granddaughter when she was two . she has really enjoyed using it . very durable but easy to fold for storage .
adorable giraffe rocker . my granddaughter has a collection of giraffes and this rocker was a perfect addition . she loves it !
my 9 month old likes it , but we keep having to find the phone . there needs to be a way to attach it safely .
these lego lightsabers are a great accessory for star wars collector . they are also needed to replace lost parts of lego sets .
takes seconds to set up and the kids love it.what more could i ask .
i got this as part of a white elephant party and it turned out it's a lot of fun . i would recommend .
great toy for a toddler . it is quite large and a lot of fun for all the children in the household .
the baby loves this toy and has played with it so much that we have had to changer the batteries 3 times since we got it
as expected , kids love it just as i did when younger . i am of course ... letting them win ... maybe .
my 6 year old son loves this and so does my 16 year old nephew ! it is great quality and easy to use and store .
durable and good value . this would be a must for those buying the super soaker . would recommend it to others .
i got this for my second cousin and she loves it . but if you love hello kitty you can't go wrong with hello kitty yahtzee !
it's very educational and although he's only 6 months old , he loves to push the buttons and hear all the sounds and songs .
i was very good . the cost seems a little high . i bought three different sets so i would have enough for all my little ones .
very happy we purchased this ... great toy ... hours of fun ... great birthday gifts too ... i plan on giving them ...
we have a granddaughter living in panama and bought this to send to her for christmas . it is so adorable !
these are very sturdy , wooden items . they have held up much better than all the play paper and plastic food boxes .
this is a large inflatable that easily held several 5-6 yr olds for floating fun . it was a party hit ! ! !
this doll was a gift for my granddaughter . it is very realistic and a great addition to the other frozen dolls i purchased .
she loves it and it was easy to shop online rather than go to town and in to the stores
one of the better looking x-men . if not the best one . get this guy if you are a x-men fan
purchased two sets of these sweats for grand kids american dolls . perfect fit at 1/2 the price of true american doll clothes .
great item i even play it and i am 58 it is a long game but fun so a great gift .
cool , but small and didn't glow in the dark even though it said it did
i thought there would have been more contents in the box . using for present hope they like it . looks a little empty to me .
my kid has a lot of fun with this and its cleaner than crayons and markers . would recommend to parents who don't want a mess .
another quality fisher-price toy for little girls . interactive items to keep them interested and involved and happy and she seemed to really enjoy playing with it .
items as described . nice to throw a handful into the goody bags for my son's five year-old dinosaur-themed birthday party .
another high quality puzzle from ravensburger . great details in this fire engine puzzle . my 3 1/2 year old loves to do this ( with some help ) .
arrived on time . excellent christmas gift . we all remember little people farm house , this toy seems to be as big a hit with the little ones .
i bought this play food for my 2 yr old daughter for her play kitchen . the food is well made . my daughter loves it .
nice compact sturdy case for the tag and book storage . would recommend to keep the materials in one place . nice addition to grandson's learning materials .
this toy is greatly made , make sounds and has animals and cars , great for children learning and fun . great purchase
the girls loved this with their new computers . added a little more play time and kept them interested because they love toy story .
the lego ninjago skull truck 2506 is a very popular toy and we were very excited to get it . it was exactly as described and game very fast .
it is scary looking , the size is good . my husband really enjoys it . it is very well made , and looks realistic
very useful for chalkboard . my granddaughter loves erasing her picture and starting all over again . perfect addition to her chalkboard .
this is such a cute dollhouse for a 2 year old ! my granddaughter received this for christmas and loves it !
great toy glad i bought my son has not really played with by him self but likes to with others
bought this for my 5 year old grandson , they have one memory game , bought a second for the twins to play with
i bought this kit to do the modifications to my double horse 9053 that i saw on the internet . the parts worked fine .
i really like the s clip better then the c clip . it just like a whole lot better and looks nice
my 3 year old loves this toy ! its very exciting that he can " catch a fish " all by himself . very cute toy .
what kid doesn't like bubbles .. this little things are perfect size for small hands and these were the perfect fit for a dino themed birthday !
these balls are great . safe , nice colors , holds shape . good value . i expect to have them for years to come .
my grandson loves this . he is 4 years old and really into dinosaurs . this has kept him occupied for hours .
fisher price is known for quality , and these little figures are so real looking ... they really do look like the dwarfs . good toy for my grand daughter
good quality vest . my son got this for christmas and he loves it ... he thinks he is a true safari guide :)
my girls play with this for hours . it is really a great toy they can redo over and over . so many different designs to make .
i love playing this game but getting anyone to play it with me is impossible i need to find new friends i guess
this is a very cute stuffed animal . it is super soft . my daughter loves it . great value for price . would recommend .
the airplane and terminal operations look very impressive as a centerpiece to my daughter's lego city . it is fun and interesting to play with .
looking all over for patrick items instead of sponge bob and this is a great gift for my grandson ! beanie babies are always fun !
cool ! i love this doll , but sometimes do not look well-groomed hair . in general , all the dolls in this series look very good !
great product . my daughter got this for christmas and she loves it ! quality is very nice and just the right size.price was nice too.thanks !
my nephew loves to play with real pan but i figure that this toy could be a nice way to play with something more for him .
great little puppets for the price . i am a teacher , and use these for small prizes for my elementary students . great detail and well made .
this out fit was very cute but it came without the earmuff / headband so i returned it . i did not reorder .
i needed some swag for geocaching . the different colors and shapes are perfect for leaving a treasure for the next person .
once again i am thrilled with my purchase . i have never gone wrong with a ty stuffed animal . they are not only adorable but last a long time
bought for christmas along with the other games so he would have a fewdifferent game to plays and help him in his learning .
bought this for one of my grandsons for xmas i think he will like it but i will not know until xmas
got this for my daughter as a christmas gift and she loved it ! she plays with it all the time !
these sturdy puzzles have a great box to store them in . my daughter is definitely a hello kitty fan and will enjoy them .
11 yr old loves the bizarre monsters--she thinks this is super great - - 8 yr old sis likes ever after ones as sturdier built
it's good if you've been at it for a while or if your a beginner but not very competitive all in all it's ok
great christmas present . i got it on a lightening deal . my son is 5 and loves it . great for lego fans and sky lander fans .
my nephew , who is almost 2 , loves this toy ! you can't go wrong with melissa and doug's quality . i highly recommend this item .
this doll is adorable , the size of the doll is excellent for little hands . the clothe is awesome and impeccable .
very durable and excellent product . my grandson and grand daughter loved the swings . i purchased another after i ordered one.very safe and secure . weather resistant .
it fits with thomas the tank engine tracks and is a fraction of the price . a big plus for us .
every household needs one of these ! and a nice change from all the battery operated items thats out there.great gift idea !
he really likes this . also bought additional markers for more choices of colors . portable and cool to use when traveling after sunset .
durable toy and my nephew loves it ( it stands up to his rough playing ) will definitely order more of these action figures for him from this supplier .
this is an awesome tool . i just have to remember to use it . children love structure and this fosters that .
one of grandsons ( age 3 1/2 yrs old ) favorite toys this christmas . he played it over and over again ! would highly recommend this item !
this is not a perfect circle like a globe . however , children can understand the geography and locating countires . it's an inexpensive tool to use to teach !
my grandson loves this . he is a fan of outer space , and even has an astronaut suit . good quality and fun .
good price . now both grand children have an extra loom . they were so surprised to receive the second loom and bands that i purchased .
pretty fun , not overly engaging , but hey , it's a shooting dinosaur ! ! got it on sale , and wouldn't pay even half of retail .
bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter . i alo purchased a woods doll house . she enjoys playing with this every day .
i expected more than one beyblade and one string . if you don't already have beyblades then i suggest buying more than one .
we have 3 boys , and 2 of these trucks ! they are sturdy , easy to use and wipe clean well . i highly recommend them .
purchased for my son who loves mythology ! i'm saving for christmas along with some other figures . it seems durable and looks just like the picture .
buy this for my god daughter christmas and she love it so much dora really teach the kids good stuff
i am always tryiing to buy what my grandkids want . this is not easy with 10 grandkids but if they li to build things legoes are great .
love the 3d touch to this globe . our son always looking for stuff in it making stories and looking how far he would go :)
i ordered this as a gift and was pleases with how well it was put together . great toy for the price !
the markers are brand new and were nicely priced well . they came well packaged and very fast . i'd get them again .
i'm a big star wars fan and love lego sets and this one is pretty great - - can't go wrong with a lego jabba that's included too :)
very well made and has provided hours and hours of enjoyment for my son ! great product !
this toy and the hello kitty stamp set were both a bit hit for my grandaughter.keeps her entertained for hours . so glad i bought it for her .
i put these in the treasure chest favor boxes for my son's pirate-themed birthday party . they were surely a hit !
item as described . didn't contact at all , but everything was exactly what i expected . this made a perfect christmas gift .
don't risk a failed re-entry or having your prized model rocket burn up on descent . use this flame resistant material .
this was a good deal for everything we got . my kids love it ! i really like how it came with the case and cord .
another set that is just ok . it's better if it is played with in conjunction with other little people sets .
my 2 year old loves his weebles . he kisses them goodnight , tucks them in and makes them breakfast in the morning . they should make more !
what can i say ? she is gorgeous ! ! ! i give her 5 big stars ! ! !
was looking for something to give to my grandson for christmas ... this is a cute little football ... good quality and fun . pleased with my purchase .
this item was purchased from recipients wish list so am not able to comment much on it . however the recipient seemed pleased wit the gift .
we actually used these for easter and they were a big hit ! my kids loved finding a non-traditional dinosaur stuffed egg . super cute and lots of fun .
my son is currently obsessed with this show and this was a hit with him at xmas . 5 yr old cousin also enjoyed playing with it .
the mini trucks from wonderworld are fantastic ! my son likes the moving parts . high quality product . love the 5 oclock shadow on the dump truck driver .
bought this toy for our 15month little girl . great toy to introduce shapes - its a great price and you receive 10 blocks instead of the usual 8 .
i think she is adorable , great for any lalaloopsy lover , she was a great santa gift for my 6 yo daughter .
fit the doll and my daughter loves it . easy to put on and take off . just wish the socks and shoes came with it ;)
this item is very cute . it is not very sturdy , but is usable and for the purchase price i would order it again .
this is required for launches because it keeps the chute from getting burned . regular tissue paper may work too but i was buying engines so why not
got this for my youngest for christmas ... shes gonna love it ... shes been wanting this for a while now :-)
these are high quality bands , they are not like some of the cheap ones that break or are stuck together . worth the extra money .
the eggs are small and the dinos are very tiny . my grandchildren , ages 4 and 6 really weren't very impressed .
easy for storage , easy to tote around , durable , and cute - easy to find when you want your trains - love this , highly recommend .
the kiddos love these . even my 2yr old can use this . they are sturdy and even hold my weight of 170 pounds . would recommend to anyone .
cute , well made and affordable ! my little girl loves dressing her american girl doll in them.what else can you ask for ?
my son did not care for this at all . for the price it's okay but i wouldn't buy it again .
toy has so much to do , my son doesn't know what to do with himself . it has an on and off switch to control the music and lights
this cabin was better than expected because the detail are incredible . my son enjoyed putting it together and keeps it put together as a display .
we love this thing ! i keep it at the breakfast bar with the coloring books and my kids love it !
i bought this doll with very cheap price which is $ 6.00 . thank you for this lightning special for this special doll .
this is absolutely the cutest little play set .. it is for a little one who is six years old
never tire of lego . my 5 year old spent a few good hours building this . we still play with this .
some of the parts are hard to wedge into the groves causing some fretting , but the kit is educational and fun for those construction oriented .
this cover is great . slips right over the leappad and has held up great . the price was half of what i could buy at the store .
authentic disney product with the seal on the foot and the accurate lables attached . beautiful piece , for a gift and a good price too .
my daughter loves it . sticks all her barbies in it and she's packed to go ! it really holds a lot and the lid is her favorite part !
i liked this product so much that i ended up buying 2 of them for 2 different grandchildren . i am very happy with them .
this product was a great christmas gift.it came on time and in new condition.it provided hours of fun play on christmas .
everything was adorable but we lost a piece as soon as we opened it :( the pots and lid are so small .
i've gotten this in time to be a santa . my son was in shock that he got this item from santa . awesome bow and refills !
well made , sturdy enough to last through the tough handling of a toddler . comes with a well made wooden storage box . great learning tool ! !
this is a very cute , educational , and engaging toy . i wish it was back lit . the screen is a bit hard to see .
it's not only a card but it becomes a toy . it gives the recipient a few minutes of play time .
very cute and it's exactly as pictured . it seems to be made well too as my daughter is always playing with it .
my grandkids on team umizoomi fans so they love this whole line of toys . they spend hours playing with them plus watching on tv
thin , but they work well for keeping kids clothes clean and moms happy while encouraging children to find and enjoy their artistic side
i returned it because it some how got on my order by mistake . i did not really use it so ...
i wanted to purchase a piggy bank for my 2 year old granddaughter that wouldn't break , this is the perfect solution for a 2 year old .
the grandkids liked it for a while and some still do . but not as interesting as some of our other things we have .
bought for my two year old , unfortunately he broke it but it was fun while it lasted . perfect size for him too .
great game , but the instructions suck ... by a book as there is much to learn , but well worth the time in learning
adds more depth to an already incredible game . if you are looking for an expansion to carcassonne , definitely give this one a try .
my grandson loves caillou , and he is learning the alphabet . this was a great gift for him . good quality , and colorful .
child loves to put this to her ear , and helps keep her away from my cell phone .
great basketball for my two five year old boys ! no need to lower the goal now :) this will be a great step before the regular weight .
i got these for my granddaughter . she got a loom for christmas and she loves having extra rubber bands to make bracelets for her friends .
cleo is a monster high doll with the same attributes and shortcomings of the others . she displays good in the box for people collecting them .
was a christmas gift for my daughter ! she loves it ! we love frozen and all the characters and amazon had the best price !
another great product from melissa & doug collection . thank you again . my granddaughter loves feeding her babies ... she loves it .
kids love to paint , bottles lids come off easy keep them put up . washes off very easy to make clean up quick .
love hape ! ! good quality , the toddler loves it ! a fun addition to his music box !
this bounce-back car was a gift for my son , and it just didn't work at all the minute we put batteries in . complete and utter failure .
my three year old got this last christmas and hasn't played with it once . i guess it is just too old-fashioned for today's kids .
cute little shoes ! fit my daughter's american girl doll quite well . nice color and seem durable . my 11 year old was very happy with them .
my grandson loves dinosaurs , and he loved this puzzle as well . i may have to get him another one soon .
grandsons loves this game and plays it everyday . great price and holds up to three boys . i would recommend it
my daughter and i use these to help her swim underwater , now that she loves swimming underwater we play games with these .
so i had to order more cars , my 2 yo gets so excited , and it keeps the 5 yo entertained as well
excellent markers - my kids really love these for coloring and art projects for school . they are so much better than the dollar store markers !
good variety , fast shipment , not sure what's so special about them , but kids were happy , perfect for easter baskets or x-mas stalking stuffers
i wish these were out when i was a kid . i played with this so much my wife had to hide it . the kid liked it too .
this is a favorite and gets played with everyday . mattel toys are usually very durable and this is no exception .
these bracelets make for a great birthday present . my daughter's friend loved it . she's a very crafty girl . very cute .
haven't tried it yet but hope it works , it should be great flying around the auditorium at vbs . came quick now to get the helium for it ...
i purchased this living room for my granddaughter's dollhouse . she has really enjoyed playing with it . very cute and realistic .
who doesn't love play doh ? we donated a case of colors to a silent auction for my son's preschool and another toward a classroom .
love to play with my three year old she loves playing with these and has learned so much from them .
i got this for my grand daughter and she loves it . she plays with it all the time . she loves all the items in it .
she is really great and nice as alll monster high dolls ) i love her outfit . and the shoes are so beautiful
all the toddlers we know love these , and the tubes make them easy to keep in a bag for entertainment when waiting in restaurants , appts , etc .
i will be using these for what goes into a cabinet when i introduce going to the grocery store with preschoolers .
the grandson's love these legos . they never get bored of playing with them after they get them put together . they amaze me !
i bought this for my grand daughter for christmas and she loves it ! she plays with it almost every day !
another gift my son " had to have " . he never used after first time . it was delicate so it quickly became broken .
both my girls love it . they skate all around the place ! i have to help them attach boots hand to dora but that's not a big deal .
this is a wonderful set , and l love this perticular uniform is my favorite . l wish he came with the photon shield
this set came with a large base and wheels to attach . the kids like building things , but some of the pieces are loose and don't stay together .
my grand daughter loves legos and did her mom growing up . i was so glad to see that they are finally coming out with some girl lines
these puzzles are such great quality . can't be beat . i'd highly recommend them . my 6 year old loves these puzzles .
this is so nice , lots of pieces which makes many different ways to build a sandwich . the kids are loving it . great purchase !
my son really likes this bey as it's his first with the " 4d " ring that spins . it also is pretty good in battles .
i finally bought this game for my family at christmas . i loved it as a kid . no matter your age , it's a fun game to play .
my three year old grandson enjoys playing with the glove ! his friend has one as well and they have great fun together .
i used these for party favors for my sons birthday . great price for the quantity ! all the kids loved them & they work great !
so soft and cute . i love this and my niece likes to cuddle and pet this kitty ! nice workmanship as well
no batteries ? awesome ! ! ! my 14 year old likes this item which accompanied his other hex bugs . he is all about science !
very fast , lots of power ! my son loves this thing because it can go over anything . too powerful to play with in the house .
my children really loved playing with this toy . it's a good toy for the 3 or 4 year old people .
great size ! not too big , not too small for a young child . super soft and adorable . makes an inexpensive gift that looks expensive .
grandson loves this tractor . strong and durable . likes to put stuff in the trailer and push around the house . fun
great toys ! sturdy , made from recycled milk jugs and made in the good old usa . what more needs to be said ?
his very favorite present this year " much cooler than my old one nana ! " keeps him very happy even when he gets cranky !
only 4 stars because how nice is a dolls dress ever . the fabric is ok not as chintzy as others . granddaughter is happy and that's what matters .
cute outfits . like all monsterhigh items it was pricey , but got a good price , plus outfits are hard to find
some of the animals did not make a sound . granddaughter enjoyed playing with the puzzle but we could not hear sound from some of the animals .
the value is very good.me and my 4 year old play with it and it improves his motor skills.he seems to like the ducks the best .
this bust bank is incredible . the details are very nice and the bank is beautifully painted and crafted . a great addition to my superhero collection .
my son learned all of his shapes with this puzzle . it's durable and colorful . we live all the melissa and doug puzzles .
i love playing this and hearing my son's funny stories . i think the adults enjoy it as much as he does .
i bought this for my son with autism as a fidget toy and my other son ( typical ) can't put it down ! glad it was a two pack
this looks very real . we are very pleased . the only think i don't like is the handles move with difficulty . perhaps that will improve over time .
these are the perfect size to use on almost all the different toddler car tracks we have - absolutely great !
great style . wear the same kind of outfit now.great quality . my neices like these for there dolls also . we trade off clothes often .
my son has a collection of thomas the tank engine toys . this one added to that collection and he loves it .
got here on time like the paint brush even my kids love them she feel like a artist . i like her drawing
perfect present for my nephew who is two . bought this to go with his set and he would rather just play with this .
very . cool for boys who love guns has the lighted scope lots of fun would recommend makes machine gun noise very realistic
accidentally purchased a duplicate set . girls love these and didn't realize we already had them . good toys . will make a nice christmas present . shipped fast
these have held up well and the boys have had lots of fun with them . works well inside or out .
very easy set to build . it brings out alot of confidence when your child can make something by himself . heloves playing with it . great toy !
this board is perfect for aiding the imagination of toddlers with magnetic letters . especially in homes where refrigerators are now stainless steel !
super cute , soft and snugly baby . my 2 year old loves carrying her around . she's the perfect size for a little one
oldie but a goodie that will never go out of style ! hard to beat animals and their sounds , my kids fiddle with it quite a bit .
these are good quality toys . i got exactly what i expected . my 3 year old loves them . i have no complaints about this item .
well , how adorable can you be with these slippers ? well made , and just what every american girl doll ' mother ' wants !
just what my grandson was looking for . wish it was available in the stores rather than on line . glad i found it .
my family has been getting more into board games that require interaction and conversation . this is an intelligent and fun addition to the smash up line .
this is quality piece and replaces the original perfect . it is easy to install and worked great . it arrived on time and in good condition .
actually my grandson loved it . i bought this as a gift and it was his favorite toy for a long time .
my great granddaughter loved it . it was her birthday present from grammy . she loves her music and likes to make it herself .
i chose this product because the melissa & doug brand products are superior . this one is great , brightly colored , easy to pick up .
perplex us has gotten it right again . no more electronic puzzles , my 12 year old loves these and has gotten all his siblings younger and older involved too
this is an adorable beanie boo . small with big eyes that kids love . it's a great gift for the stuffed animal lover in your life .
some pcs are too small for kids under age 3 , however , this pattern building is made for 2-3 yr olds .
good " makes sense " product . seems to be a well made product . works as adverised and saves batteries and was shipped quickly .
arrived new in package and on time . it is a very pretty doll and shimmery and the hair isn't rock hard like the last cleo doll we got .
we are now getting it for our nephew and we are sure this will be one he has for years to come .
this was a present for my granddaughter who loves the monster high dolls ! this was a great addition to her collection .
i love this puzzle storage . it's a great way to organize my daughters puzzles . i might buy the small case for the smaller puzzles .
i got this as a christmas present for my 4 year old grandson and he really loves it . thank you so much
they fought over these , too . great fit for kids and look comfy .
my son loved these books . he's outgrown them now , but it's a great gift to pass on to the younger ones .
my baby girl loves this pool ! the hubby bought it for her as a surprise for both of us and it is wonderful .
my son loves the show ... not this.runs too slowly , he becomes bored.not interactive enough ... a shame too , it had potential .
of course my daughter loves these ... they are mlp ! these are the better kid tattoos as they stay on longer and go on smoothly .
see my enderman review ... good quality & kids loved them ! not much else to say . emroidered " squares / pixels " good touch .
this toy is still in use and very good condition even after many month's use.perfect size for little hands too.it is cheerful looking and made very well .
the lego set is just what i expected . it is large , and has some very cool pieces in it , plus 2 body pieces .
pretty good fun , gets a bit frustrating at times for building as the wires have to go somewhere - demo is a blast bwahahaah
i bought this when my grandson was 11 months old for christmas . he loves it ! for the price i give it 5 stars .
12 year old grandson loves all of the figures available and is already planning on buying more , especially frozen movie figures .
my grandson is very happy with his new toy , playing all day , the toy was what i expected and more .
each stick measures 4 1/8 inches long and 7/8 inches in diameter . thick enough to be quite sturdy , we haven't had any break .
this little bubble gun is a pure joy for our granddaughter . we fill the backyard with thousands of colorful bubbles whirling on the wind and giggles ensue
this is a great toy set for using at the beach or in the sandbox . it has a variety of tools to keep kids entertained .
my 2 year old is starting to really enjoy puzzles .. this one is vibrant in color and easy for her to grasp the pieces . thank you !
anyone like to learn ? fascinate your kids or grandchildren ? have an interesting and challenging toy on your desk ... relaxing too ! this is fabulous .
this is the perfect set to add to anyone's box of dinosaurs ! i will order more of these definitely for sure .
balloons very large and beautiful , buy them for my son's birthday and then leave it as decoration for her room . he loves these balloons .
i would buy this item again . a learning tool to go back to multiple times and the kids love it .
this item is soft and washable - we have washed our several times . the color stays bright after washings and my child really likes the item .
my only complaint is that it spills easily . but as a whole it is great for kids to fill up the markers
in the drive 200 miles here and back , the grandkids love these , and these dont stick to the car seat .
one of the cutest abbeys yet ! i love the hippie type style ! my daughter just loved this doll ! i do too !
i love funko figures and the walking dead , so this was a great buy and looks great on my shelf next to my plants vs zombie funko figures :d
fun child's toy that brings back memories to this grandma . my grandson , who's 3 , loves making silly faces with this .
recipient uses it all of the time ... has a great time with it . boys , cars , trucke ... what else is there to say ?
perfect fit on american girl doll . cute and able to use with a variety of outfits . well made and light weight .
this was a little smaller then i thought it was going to be ! but it still reminded me of the one i had when i was a kid !
this is such a fun , flexible toy that can change shape . it is the perfect size toy for those " little " hands .
i bought this for my daughter and her little cousin so they can do a princess day and make some tiaras . so adorable .
my little friend wanted this for christmas and he was so happy when he opened his box ! he likes mind games and leggos .
this is not a very exciting little toy . i gave it to my 10 month old in her stocking and she hasn't been very interested in it .
very good for storing small pieces , transporting , folds down to a very packable space . great product . highly recommended , i would buy again for my son
very nice jacket and cute boots . quality is good , and they are easy to put on the doll , and seem to fit well .
i have a 4 year old . . . thought this would be similar to what his dad has ; he wants something more realistic .
great toy great sound , bought for my one year old grandson he loves them , bought a lot of vetch smart wheels , he plays with every day
i use to love these as a child and remember making so many different keychains and coasters . would make a wonderful present for anyone who like crafts .
great addition to our ever expanding munchkin game set . i only wish the printing was consistent between all the expansions ; it gets distracting when the colors change .
my 3 year old loves anything thomas the train , and his face lights up every time i purchase a new piece for him !
the spinning is not exactly " frictionless " so the momentum does not last long . the string is flimsy and has broken a couple of times when pulling
my two year old daughter loves this toy . she loves to hammer the balls and watch them come out the bottom .
my little man loves these cute little train sets ! i love that you can add additional pieces to it as needed . highly recommended !
for some reason this particular toy just never became of favorite . seems to be of good quality , but might just not be in our little ones taste .
she was thrilled with this toy , love amazon and doing business with such good people ! thank you rose and jenn
she loves it and carries it with her whereever she goes ! now her twin brother wants one so i just bought another one ! thank you !
fills the bill for a crawling infant ... just what we neededwill last until the next generation ! glad i found it !
this thing is great . easily one of the best on the market . the modding community is really what is going to make this gun stand apart .
my daughter has had hours of fun drawing on my driveway with these . at this price , you can't ask for more .
i purchased this product for my nephew before christmas as a lightening deal . his eyes lit up when he opened up this huge transformer !
kingdom builder is one of our favorite family games.the variety that the nomads expansion adds , plus a 5th player make it even more enjoyable .
got this for my 14 month old grand daughter . she loves to play with it and has not gotten bored .
of course it's funny , and messed up , that's what the game is all about . it only made the original game even better .
i'm rating a four until my grandson opens at christmas and has a chance to play . otherwise looks like a fun toy !
bought this along with the pad and the grandchildren love it , more pens for everyone . stencils are easy to use and the spillproof cup works well .
bought this for my daughter when she was about 1 . she is now almost 2.5 and still loves it . she laughs at all the different sayings !
these are cute little finger puppets . these are great for the price and i love the variation in this package .
bought this for our grandson for christmas with the vhech game love it and he will too appropiate for his age
my son had to have maggie for his walking dead collection . if you love walking dead you need one too .
purchased for my 9 year old niece and she is thrilled to add this new , colorful , doll to her collection.super amazon price & top holiday gift !
bought for my grandaughter whose dad was on deployment and she would hug it and tell him no matter where he is she loves him .
my son spent a lot of intense moments coloring his favorite characters with the color wonder pens . wish there were more
my son loves how all of a sudden the train " disappears " and then reappears at the bottom .
this is a great add-on to a great game . this is a smaller expansion , but still adds lots of new things to the game .
ive found nemo ! everyone , look here ! he was in a little can the whole time ! fun game for little kids .
i don't recommend this toy . you could get something much more durable and entertaining . this is very cheap ! keep looking .
i like the baby doll . she is cute . i have all of these dolls in my collection . thank you very much .
just remember it is made out of cardboard but my grandson loves it we have found a lot of treasure sailing in this ship ! ! !
quality was excellent and the people i purchased them for were very pleased . great value for a great product . recommend .
great for car rides works pretty well . a little cheap but that was to be expected with such a low price .
hot wheels continues to make strong cars and trucks perfect for any little boy ! i will definitely be purchasing more of these in the future !
grandson's favorite character toys ; he loves all the parts and plays for hours on end . the products are well made and easy for little hands to manipulate .
the button for the timer doesn't always work with this game , and the pieces are small enough that they can get lost very easily .
great family games . my 8 and 11 year old really enjoying playing this . fast paced and thinking game . hours of enjoyment .
this was a game my grandson who is 6 asked for for christmas andmy husband helped him put it together and we played with it severaltimes that day .
this was a huge hit ! well made and realistic . if you have a dinosaur lover in your house , this is a good buy .
what you see is what you get ... my daughter loves it . so soft and durable . happy i got it ... awsome product ... a must bye
what is not to love any little girl would love to have the stars shinning on her ceiling with this soft butterfly
got these for my son , and we have played with them several times . just like what i expected - the same ones i played with in elementary .
my son loves these bottles . he loves just taking the lids off and putting them back on . great addition to his kitchen .
this would work even for children less than 12 mo old . it lets them think through how to open the poppin pals and encourages finger and hand coordination .
i got this bank for my niece and she loves it ... it is very cool and it sounds great .. thanks for this
you get many markers for cheap but the cap is too hard to open and close for a 4 year old .
ice cream shop is almost like real life.the chocolate syrup looks like it really coming out of the container . my kids love playing with this set
bought us for are greatgrand son and he loves it . it is perfect for him so he leaves my iphone along .
my five-year-old grandson asked for this . he loves it . he has learning problems but playing with this has helped him with his imagination a little .
awesome expansion . i enjoy this game quite a lot . i am going to keep purchasing these to get into a very big battle eventually !
my 10 month old baby loves to play with these in the bath tub .
great for digging in the sand at the beach or in the yard after a snowstorm . very unique gift . i ordered several for gifts .
this is well worth the price . this will keep someone independently busy for a few hours . we have been using the other ones like this as well .
this is a very nice mystery van any collection of either hot wheels or scooby-doo memorabilia . the color and detail are perfect .
we loved adding these dice to our zombie dice game---our whole family loves playing this game and we range in age from 5-42 . :)
our little one loves this wagon - he started pushing it a month or so before he could walk on his own . classic .
ertl john deere sit-n-scoot tractorertl collectibles.it is a cute toy but almost too small for my two year old nephew though .
very educational toy . nice size magnets and colorful too . great price also . i would recommend this to anyone that is considering alphabet magnets .
i may of not read the product details but this is a very small gift . i thought it'd be a bit bigger
my son has the bow and arrow and wanted extra arrows . he loves that these have the suction cups and can stick to anything .
looks just like they do in the pictures , if you need some bright cloud balloons buy these ones , they'll do
the jaw kept coming detached and teeth would get stuck down resulting in me fighting with it to reset . will not buy again or recommend .
i had these as gifts at our company picnic and the girls loved them ! i will definitely buy them again next year !
this is probably my second favorite expansion for dominion . for it's size it definitely has quality cards with very few that aren't fun to play with .
i bought this for my 2 year old , although i put it away from christmas , the pins are very colorful , and it is super cute .
our 11 month old daughter really loves this ! she still wants our remote but she enjoys playing with this one too .
boots were purchased for my daughters 18 " american girl doll . price was great boots look good and fit the doll , all is well .
both my kids love to paint . we use these paint brushes with crayola washable paints and they work very well .
the toy was exactly what my little nephew wanted . he loves it - - what more can you say about a toy ?
another family joins the cats and hedgehogs ! they are very cute , but their tails complicate playing with them.the 4 year old prefers the cats for that reason .
got these for my boyfriends birthday party and he loved them . my 8 year old son loved them as well and wanted me to get him some .
great grandson loved it . this was a birthday present that was well received . blake loves it and uses at a lot .
my little girl loved this playset and was ecstatic to add it to her monster high house for her ghouls to use . awesome birthday present .
kiddo is still sleeping with this little guy ! he is soooo cute ! and , the online codes are an additional bonus . a santa hamster ... nice !
just like when i was a kid-same fun stuff inside to watch spin around . my 2 1/2 yr . old son loves the stars .
very fun and a very good puzzle to exercise the mind . i love using it with friends ( by turns ) alone and with kids .
great assortment of play dough tools . kept my 2 and 4 year olds entertained for at least 45 min in one sitting !
the gun doesn't stay on . the characters are rare and overall my boys are happy with this set . pretty cool toy .
anything made by leapfrog is great . i bought this for my grandson . he loves anything thomas . he uses it daily .
my grandsons both loved this but the recipient who is 2 1/2 really enjoyed it . after opening other gifts he came back to this one .
this helps children's creativity and helps them learn vocabulary words . my 6 year old has had a blast playing this !
it works great , i just wished it would hold more books . it holds 8 . very durable & holds the pen .
our 6 mo old likes it but the music gets annoying after the 69th time ! wish there was a function for just lights and no sound !
it's got a lot of tools for pretend play , but i wish it were a bit sturdier . everything that lights up and makes sounds works properly .
my baby loves this item . it's perfect for his age . it sings just like the leap frog videos he loves .
i got this for my little four year-old niece for christmas , she loves it . the doll is super cute and fancy .
for $ 10 this provides a lot of extra ammo for the nerf guns . it seems year after year , nothing delivers like nerf ...
my son uses this daily while at school and at home working on homework . it is a great stimulation for his adhd .
we are using these as a potty training reward . look just like blue's pawprints . stick well but not so well that they are hard to remove
this is a great conversation piece on my sons computer desk . he loves watching the balls drip down . it's good quality and is unbreakable !
again , granddaughters love the soft exterior and hidden pockets . another recommendation for parents of little girls that love stuffed animals .
very great price for 100 glow stick bracelets . the kids love them and i made very little dent in my pockets .
used 4 of these to help me create a diy lego play table for my kid . saved a few hundred bucks with this
this is a cute game for scooby doo fans . the figurine is why i purchased the game . we used it as his cake topper .
great dolls and well made . they were a nice addition to our doll house . the children love playing with them .
our boy doesn't have the patience to use it for a sustained amount of time . never the less it still teaches hand and eye coordination .
great gift for grandbaby to go with her anituque kitchen and to learn colors , shapes , and sizes in her learning
my grandson loves spongebob and enjoys his game system.easy for him to follow , and plays it all the time . i recomment it .
got this for my daughter as she loves stuffed animals and this one is just too cute ! she loves this one
legos are kind of expensive but this one is pretty affordable and it is a neat addition to my collection .
i purchased this for my grandson for christmas and although he hasnt seen it yet , i love it and im really excited about giving it to him !
my kids play lazer tag with these guns all the time . they have held up well , and we have several pairs . i highly recommend them .
this was one toy he asked santa to bring on christmas morning , but he was so happy to get it on christmas eve .
my grandkids love it . still playing with it a year later . holds up well . they also use matchbox cars on it .
too advance for my two years old but my eleven years old loves it . so they enjoy iplaying it together .
we bought several sets from cards 4 less . each set had very few repeats and some revolutions . overall a great buy and will order from him again .
if you pay more than $ 50 for this set you are playing too much . set is excellent though ... get it if you've waited
my 1yr old loved it for months and carried it every where . she still pulls it out sometimes now at 2yrs old .
we purchased this for our 2 year old grandchild . she has had hours of fun with it . well made & sturdy . great price too .
action figures like these are very expensive in my country . here i found these in fair price and excellent material . thank you very much .
does so much and interacts with the other pieces great toy - even strong enough for a 3 year ol . d boy
who doesn't love siamese cats ? our whole family has siamese cats . my granddaughter still has this toy and sleeps with him at night .
we have to be careful about who is playing this game since it is extremely offensive but it did bring quite a few tears and stomach pain !
when my daughter saw the slinky she could not believe it . her face looking at the tv and the slinky have no value to me she love it .
it is a chalk eraser and it successfully erases chalk from our melissa & doug chalkboard . not much more can be said about it .
i bought this for my grandson as a stocking stuffer . he has really enjoyed playing with it . it helps him learn numbers too .
seems like a solid durable instrument but it's a bit stiff and my daughter struggles to move air through the chamber - maybe it will loosen up a bit .
purcahsed as a christmas give . our grandson liked it , it matched the larger boat . he plays with it for hours .
this telescope actually lets you see a couple of houses away . cute for the money . nice as a toy or party favor ..
my son is a mine craft fan is was very excited when i surprised him with these . he loves it !
grampa is king.my littlest baby girl the newest arrival in our family and my fourth grand child is now the proud owner and very happy with her new involving toy
we havent tried this game yet as we just opened it yesterday for christmas . its for our 2 yr old to stimulate her growing mind .
opened it first and didn't play with anything else til he got it together so he could show it off .
arrived in wonderful condition . it is going to be such a great gift for our one year old . she will love it !
i has a sound of fireworks and picture you need change picture manually . it is not a video like i thought.but my 5year old love it .
this bucket should be much more great if they put some couple of lego minifigures ! but its a fair price
my daughter loved getting this toy . the car ran better than most expensive remote control vehicles i've gotten for my boys . really cute set .
good quality and great fun under the christmas tree - played with for hours and enjoyed by all - barbie is timeless .
my nephew loves this character . it's his go to in one on one battles and when he uses her , he usually wins .
definitely worth it . the girls are 3 and are really grasping the concept of using this scooter . i would definitely buy it again for the kids .
cute toy . kids like it . goes with all the other little pony stuff . hasn't broken yet , so that is good ! ok value .
very durable . easy to assemble . best purchase we made . my son loves it . would buy again . stickers come off easily , but that's minor .
we all enjoy the president puzzle . we are learning with our 5 year old about past presidents ! she can grow into this for sure .
a beautiful white catmid length lavender hair a cute little bow on her tailmiss catrine is s must have cat
awesome set ! wouldn't pay regular price for it though ( $ 18 ? ) . if you can get it for less , definitely go for it !
this tower telescopes to 3 levels , and easily slides back together for storage ( in the box , or the crayons might fall out if tipped . )
my grandson loves mario games and the ghost cracks him up ! he's gonna be so thrilled , i may get a bigger hug and kisses !
my son is absolutely thrilled with this action figure . it is well made and the detial is very nice . we will be buying more from dc collectibles .
i loved this as a kid and now my kids love it ! it's fun to play with youngsters that can't read yet .
this is exactly as specified in the description , right size , looks like mario , same size as the others in the set
yep , chipmunks , o how our children love the trending fads and toys . ty has made these quality dolls for some time .
this is a cute remote . my daugher still prefers the real thing but she has fun with this one the little song is catchy
warning : this only comes with one car not 2 as described . amazon is aware of the problem but has not fixed it yet .
this and the horns triceratops were hot items for the grandkids last christmas . they love them . hours of fun and they have been sturdy .
my son loved this beyblade ... i shouldn't mention that i have spent about $ 500 in the last three months on beyblades ...
just a fun stocking stuffer i got for my nephew . the tire does move around on the light and can be removed .
fisher-price little people dc super friends batmobile met all my expectaions as fisher-price always does . my grandson loves it ! so does his mommy !
got this for christmas , they are really well detailed and i am pleased all of the ones i have .
i happen to like this one so much better then the others . i got it for my niece and she put the other 2 away and uses this .
this is a fun game and can be played with one child or with a small group of children . it is an active game .
love this ! great set with all your little artist needs to keep busy . nice carry case too . quick ship and great price .
great for anyone who likes the walking dead . the second in my collection . great detailing by mcfarlane . great value as well
ghoulia is my favorite monster high doll . she is just wonderful.being a 25 year barbie collector you can trust my opinion.her hair against her white skin is stunning !
these are a super cute decoration and went perfect with my son's mickey themed party . easy to put up and take down . definitely recommend !
i bought this for my 4 year old granddaughter's birthday . she loves taking pictures and this is made for children and saves the life of my camera . :)
shipped fast and undamaged . needed this one to complete my collection . can't seem to find any in stores and they are still very reasonably priced .
when i first got this she got excited my little sister was saying wow haha i thought it was funny
my son loves this thing ! he is 11 months old and tall for his age , but this was a perfect size for him .
bought it for a child in a family that i adopted for christmas . he just loves cars , and i know this will not disappoint him .
a yoba a 501 troop . and its was so coo the robots ! ! wow this was a good deal ! !
a great toy . my child likes putting the cars in and out of it it's great ! give it an a .
my daughter ( and myself ) love playing with this toy . our house likes all of the kid o toys purchased so far !
my son needed this for a special day at camp . he had a lot of fun with it and wore it a lot .
these are cute rings , and easy to use . they are great for a party for someone that enjoys scooby doo .
my daughter just loves barbie's and she is into music so this one fit where she is at this time . does not put it down .
ordered two of these and am very happy with them . my kids love them . they're perfect entertainment for road trips !
my step granddaughter loved this . she is a big fan of monster high , so this doll was quite a surprise for her .
very cute realistic mixer . my 3 year old granddaughter loves it and plays many hours in her kitchen with it . well made item .
this toy is a good size and made well . the colors are bright and this toy has a hit for both my children .
great gift ! came in much larger than expected ! ! ! was a great surprise on christmas morning for my 4 year old !
my girls in kindergarten work this puzzle 3 or 4 time a week . the love the size and the 60 pieces is good for a 6 year old .
bought this for my nephew for his b-day , and he loved it . hours of play time have already been invested . great toy ! ! !
looks good flew stable and precise . speed is same as the s107 , maybe a hair faster due to all plastic frame instead of metal.well made
this is a great addition to the dominion game , and together they made a wonderful gift for my grandsons this year .
imaginext is so creative ! great product at great prices ! so much fun ! i just wish they made sets for little girls ! ! !
the girl loves the gang ! toys are poseable , colorful , and great fun.pricey but worth it . :)
these microphones were loved by all , adults included . they have a squeaker in them ! great item to spice up my daughter's rock star party .
it came in good time and in great shape . i hope it lasts a long time and my granddaughter gets good use of it .
we bought this for my daughter when she was 3 . we played it over and over again because it was simple to play and very educational .
read all the other reviews first and was not disappointed . my daughter and son-in-law said i did my homework . it was the nicest one they have seen .
cheap and easy way to learn new words for kids.can easily bend though ... i bought other levels as well .
we are an angry bird and star wars loving family so we just had to get the star wars angry bird plush line ! !
another fun game for family game night.although i like the normal life game better , this is a welcoming addition as if it were a different game .
these come in and fly off the shelves so i was happy to get this for my daughter as a valentines gift
the girls play with these for hours upon hours . i am very pleased with the graphics and ease of use for the girls . great product .
my oldest granddaughter is teaching the young one about this game , i just love watching them . one of the best gifts .
nice flying for indoor and outdoor . the battery can not be changed without taking it apart .
i found this product easy to work with and no gluey mess . the puzzle looks great and will soon be on my wall .
great fun for young and old , those that don't claim to know much and know-it-alls ( we all know at least one ) ..
we homeschool and this series has been very useful with teaching as well as review of sight words , which is extremely important .
very disappointed in this product . five minutes of use requires sixty minutes of charge . save your money or spend it on something else . returning this one .
got this for my son at christmas . he plays it more than any other game for the xbox one . very fun .
does not do much . granddaughter loves the one princess song and that is all . i thought it would offer more interaction
despicable me 2 minion tim the singing action figure ， product packaging is very good , looks very cute , i am very satisfied
american girl stuff is too expensive and the quality is not that good . i have seen better made clothes for 19 inch dolls for a lot less money .
my grandson will love this for his christmas present since he picked it out and has played with one before .
i used this for the top of my sons cake . not so good for that but as toys they are of good quality and haven't broke yet .
completely awesome . my son loves it . there is so much to do with the play center . i am highly impressed with its capabilities .
i got this for my granddaughter for her birthday . it is so cute and i can't wait for her to see it .
grandmother thought this product was just the cats pajamas for the wee grandchildren , and indeed it was . good product . recomend
she's been playing with her polly pocket color change makeover salon playset for hours . she loves the color change on the clothes , hair and toes .
well , i did purchased this car thinking that it was bigger . i won't recommended for little people . the price is much better than the stores .
my grandson although only 12 months old , plays with this phone quite often . i can without hesitation recommend this purchase .
my son is going to love this so much . it is exactly what i expected and what i paid for
the color is much vibrant than i thought , this product has a good realistic ratio in shape , very good details , also
if your kids enjoy playing store or accountant , or just love math ... this is a great toy . most ages will love this toy !
my daughter loves discovering things in this pad . its great quality and a great toy . i am very happy with it .
the soothing noise and movement of the little beads really capture a toddlers attention . good for their hand-eye coordination also .
i have several toys from green toys , and this toy is as great as the rest . the quality is great ; it can withstand some rough play .
getting a three-pack with three different neutral shades of color , was great for the money . seems to be a good product for the money spent .
gave them to my son's teacher for the treasure box . they seemed to be a hit for both boys and girls .
works great ! the little ones sit down nicely . it was a way better price then in the stores ! loved it !
these are cute watches and the kids loved it at first but they constantly fall off and fall apart . not worth it .
made very well . it is very bright and colorful . the velcro fastener holds tight . my son loves all the compartments .
this balloon is huge and we loved it . we filled it with helium and it lasted almost 3 weeks . its definitely worth it .
my 7 year old has taken to collecting all the iittles dolls . this was a great price and made her extremely happy .
how do you not love duplos . =) purchased these for a 1 year old gift for christmas . he was happy .
my grandson loves playing with this in the bathtub , only problem is i should have got one for his sisters barbie to ride in
it's a gift card .. how do you even review one ? yeah it was on sale and it worked . 5 stars !
it is a bit costly compared to other ty similar toys . but is cute . my kids love it . very soft to touch .
arrived promptly and were as described . worked well for the shallow hotel pool . only downside is that they are plastic ( world has enough already ) .
great for the experienced youth , sleeps well , good quality and color . can do many tricks and is getting better every day .
our grandkids will love playing with this little fellow . haven't tried it but it is cute in the package . love that it does not take batteries .
my daughter loves jake ever since we went to disney world . she loves the games and hasn't needed assistance on any of them yet .
this is a christmas gift for my grandson . i think he will love playing with these . this is something that the whole family can do .
it was ok , my sensory seeking son was not into it . it breaks up pretty fast , so keep it away from little ones .
bought this as a gift for my fiance who is a big dr who fan . its a great pen . very nice and different
we purchased this along with the rechargeable battery pack for the leappad and it is a must on long trips .
my grandchildren will love this pretend food in their kitchen . it is so well made . we love the wooden crate also .
i loved this game as a child and the buzz still makes me jump . this is a cute rudolph version of the game .
nice set ! my son loves this things . came in time , it was easy and fun to put together . we'll get another one soon .
this is a perfect walker ! my kid took her first step after using this thing . she has other push toys and we both prefer this one .
my toddler loves this set of chalk , perfect size , great shape , good colors . all around good product , another win from melissa and doug
love duplo products - so versatile ! can make lots of different trucks with the number of blocks included in set.two year old grandson loves !
he was very excited on christmas morning to find this ! he is really into sharks and this was really cool !
a nice added feature to thomas the train sets . when you run out of track the bumpers are a good place to park the trains .
we read our daughter books at night and she can read these herself on a car ride or just playing by herself .
like usual , wonderful construction toy by lego . loved by my 10 year old lego fan ! great quality . would recommend anytime !
it is exactly what my daughter said she wanted for christmas . and , they are so cute . definitely recommend to the little mermaid lover .
grandson is 3 , and he loves transformers . this was a great gift for him.he shows me how he transforms it , so cute .
cute idea , though the bed isn't long enough for the dolls . well priced . now i need to find a house .
it's ok . not a lot fun and kids have not even looked at since we unwrapped it . few more words because i needed to write more ;)
this is a fantastic product . no batteries . no light bulbs . so simple and fun . my daughter loves it and the markers work great .
my son plays with it . so loves it and has no complaints about his cake . the pieces are every where .
kids love these figures . spend hours playing with these . good quality item and at a good price . this is one of a series .
i use these to teach preschool children how to name patterns and how to create their own patters during the study of dinosaurs .
wonderful , my 2 year old plays with this every day . i would purchase it again any day of the week .
these are great play bottles . the disappearing milk or juice really makes it fun for the little ones . these are good quality .
my toddler absolutely loves this set and plays with it daily . great set for the price . very happy with this purchase .
this is the best nerf gun on the market right now . yeah it shoots one , but man it packs a punch . and it's tiny !
real cute horse with book . i don't know how much my gndson will like it because it's a christmas gift but i like it a lot .
it is very cute but the pull back stopped working pretty early on . but my toddler still likes to play w / it .
another request on my grandson's christmas list . he said " oh wow " when he opened the package , according to his mother .
my daughter loves this . great for teaching on how to write letters . talks your child through it very well so that they understand .
my 3 year-old loves this puzzle and i enjoy playing with her . this is a terrific product !
not much to say but ok play , ok spin , big size , and bright colors . good for a begginer going rookie .
while not the most exciting of the lego figurines - mr . sherlock is very cute and handsome indeed . my son loved his costume .
very nice and at an affordable rate too , you won't go wrong with this furniture . i love it , love it .
this is a great item . we have enjoyed our net with several orders of caterpillars . this is a neat process for children to witness .
got this as ad on to the bands kits and the extra bands for the bracelets . they are just extras for the kit.work well .
these are great quality . i got them at christmas for a great price . one of each color so my kids knew who's what who's .
sorry it took so long for me to right a review . this was adorable . my granddaughter played with it all year .
product was cute , i hated putting it together , but the shipper was good too , fast i got it sooner than i expected .
reminds me of the tonka trucks my brother had in the 60 ' s . durable and rugged , great for indoor or outdoor play .
plenty of beads to choose from . you will run out of some letters fast but there are many to choose from and more of the common letters .
great bang for your buck me and my son are very happy with this toy and enjoy playing togeather with it
my son got this for valentine's day and he absolutely loves it ! ! ! the first two days he would not leave it if he was awake !
my grandson loves these bugs , and that's good enough for me . there are two of each kind , in different colors
great toy for my 4 year old .. she is going to have lots of fun with it . also very educational toy
this is a great lego set . the beachhouse has two stories and lots of fun little details .
i bought these for my kids and my nephew . they love them and when they get together and play with them , they have fun .
it's trouble with an angry birds theme . if you already own trouble , not much point buying it unless you have to have an angry birds version .
zoie loves pita mirage . she really was not into the lalaloopsy dolls . when she received this doll she squeeled with excitement .
the barbie collection is growing but my house is not . this is a cute storage solution that doubles as a playmat .
yeah you'll make that noise too . i love this game and the pieces that come with it . good stuff ! ! !
such cute shoes . they are a little hard to get one , but after a couple of tries no problem.glad i purchased them for my girls
de muy buena calidad , buena calidad para niñas , lo que más gusta es la calidad , se lo recomendé a los amigos
we could not find steve anywhere and luckily we found him on amazon . my son was so happy and the price was good .
my kids had this as children . my grandchild lives to play with it ... especially the toothpaste feature . she likes it very much
well made jackets with fun medical accessories ! wish it was not all plastic , but my girls have fun using the otoscope and thermometer .
not yet used but i am sure it will be great . looks super cute and easy to operate .. l l
this little car is perfect for my two year old and really zips around nicely . it is easy to control and has some nice speed .
my daughter loves alot of project runway things and this one if just like the others . many hours of fun for her .
this is the only mini set i could find with the penguin to go with the octonauts play set for my 5 year old son . he appreciated it .
our whole family loves to play this game , even though this particular one is made for preschool age kids . it's a very fun game !
leapfrog doesn't disappoint with their selection of leappad games . all of their games work on skills and are not just mindless games .
the new map and addition of stations are all things that make this sequel to the original ticket to ride amazing .
this flash is by far the best flash in the market it looks to real to be the prize it is they should sell it for 20 dollars .
these are kind of like legos for girls . they play with them for hours with out competing for them with the boys .
just a bunch of extra darts . nothing special . the perform as they should and get good range from a good nerf gun .
bought this for my grandson who loves to play cook . product is very durable even for the roughest of play .
my daughter loves this product , and that's the whole reason i bought it for her , so i'm happy with it .
my son love legos this is his first set ever . great for starter ... comes with a booklet with a ideas .
cute train , easy for our little one to remember the name of the train . a great addition to the set , battery operated for fun .
i was looking for a gender-neutral kitchen dish set for my son . this was a good choice . nicely made . he likes it .
my daughter was thrilled to see molly this morning ! he's a great size and looks just like the nick jr character .
nice size , good quality , doesn't leave marks on the fridge . got two sets since they do get misplaced — not a big deal .
we buy games , toys , etc . for our grandchildren which are educational and fun.legos is all of the above.great way for child to express their creative talents .
present for my granddaughter . she loves th and even lets her little brother stamp a few times :) good quality product .
i bought this as a bribe mechanism to potty train my daughter . she loves being able to get a treat out of the machine after she goes potty .
my granddaughter is always looking for new figures for her loving family dollhouse . she has really enjoyed adding this sister to her collection .
boots is a pretty typical beanie baby . it seems to be well made . my 2 year old loves it . that's what matter to me .
this was a working replacement part , no complaints and not really much to review on , it worked as it should have
well built and getting used over and over again by my son . he loves it so i'm thrilled . it snaps up when activated with great effect .
since the children love playing angry birds , they love these toys . the sound was great and they are well made .
super cute train that my 7 month old loves . he will push the button and dance to the music over and over :)
i have bought lots of die-cast thomas and friends trains from amazon . we love most of them , but this one isn't as well made as others .
i wish his eyes moved around like the original , not as good as the tickly me elmo , but a nice addition to the set .
the magnets stick well , except for the base part that slides down the fridge . all of our letters played correctly .
these are great for the kid who is a dino enthusiast and loves doing craft projects . they will make a really nice art display piece in his bedroom
he absolutely loved this game ! you should have seen his eyes when he saw this game , under the tree . yea !
arrived promptly , as pictured , no problems . what little guy wouldn't get a ' kick ' out of this toy ? i'm pretty sure my grandson will !
i love these ... i think they are so cool and so much fun and all the children i buy then for really like them
my 7 year old loves monster high and 13 wishes is her favorite ! she goes around pretending to grant wishes for all her toys and love this doll !
every infant should have this ! i like the seahorse better than glow worm and i never thought i'd say that !
love it and usual with all monster high ... howleen is so cute and i definitely recommend this 2 pack special from monster high
what kid doesn't love something that glows in the dark ? great addition to a starter set , definitely recommend more then one set for some extreme building .
my son loves this also . he loves to turn things and make them move and this is another hit from thomas and friends .
the controller dosent seem to do much it flies but dosent do anything go in circles.it is new and i havent gotten it down just yet
we have purchased many sets of these for gifts and they quickly become the kids favorites ! we even keep a set at grandmas .
these are great . the tops are magnetic . i love that the labels are painting on . no more dealing with kids pulling stickers off . great product .
another great one of their toys ! ! a great new spin on the regular puzzle ! makes it all that much more fun !
its a very good idea for the little ones to play with . came very quick and the item is just as described on here .
we hunted for this game and amazon was the only place that had it . we had all vintage games set up for christmas what fun !
this is a march birthday gift for my grand daughter . i have not opened it , but expect it to be as advertised .
this was a great price and a good addition for the beam box . my 4 and 5 year olds love it !
i bought this toy for my grand child for his birth day . he really is having fun with it . great
i bought this for my nephew and now he won't sleep without it at night and during his naps . it was the perfect gift for him .
my daughter loves these , i wish the rolling pin actually " rolled " but other than that it's great . she uses them all the time
i got this for my 3 year old and he loved it . it transformers really easily and is a nice size for toddlers .
we didn't keep this car as it was huge and my son had changed his mind by the time it arrived . seems like a good concept
great quality , soft and plush good size and she loves it ! melissa and doug make great gifts with kids in mind .
was not sure about making this purchase at first , as this was a gift for a 5 year old . major hit with everyone young and old !
farkle is one of those games that children can play on their own , or it can be challenging for adults to play with them . very enjoyable .
my children love this . they play with this one , and the rest of the ones i got for them , a lot .
it's wonderful ... you can turn the sound off and play for hours . my husband does on our plane trips :)
i bought these for my nephews and grandsons . they all are having a blast with them ! love to see those smiles ! :)
this is a great gift for my 2 year old foster daughter . it is a perfect size . she loves it .
we really enjoyed this addition to our lego star wars sets ! ! ! it was truly a great find for the right price ! ! !
nice paper , large size , clear and interesting pictures . especially nice for girls 3 and up . would definitely recommend this book .
nice addition to the wooden train tracks we already had . gives you a few more options to setting up the track in new and fun ways .
this is a good learning set of tools for new babies . but it wasn't quite as sturydy as i had hoped . stil , worth the buy .
great addition to the set although i wish evie and mike came with the castle for the price of it
just an ok product ! not sure it was worth the amount spent . should have read reviews before buying this . good day all !
this was a christmas gift for a young grandson and was a hit with the skeleton he also received . yeah !
my daughter ordered this peppa doll by mistake ( i have since disabled one-click ordering ! ) but she is soooo cute that i just ordered the george !
hilarious , wonderful gag gift . sent it to my deployed husband and he said everybody loved it . a fun and unique gift .
this is always a hit and the smile on the little ones face was a joy to see when he turned it his first time
great for teaching types of clothing and generalizing of skills . currently using it to teach special needs students how to use specific clothes .
i thought that the set was a bit on the childish side.it was more simple than expected . the quality was excellent .
my four year old grandson loves this set . he is constantly building something with them . can't wait to add more pieces to his collection .
this is a beautiful house . i just wish legos were not so expensive but they are great and have been tried and true for over 30 years .
the chain saw broke right away . the drill i purchased from amazon.com earlier was a huge hit ; however , this toy wasn't very durable .
we love playing with dora as does my kid she takes her every where she goes and her friend boots too great toy fast delivery thanks
not much you can say about tracks , but they served the purpose and also aren't too hard for the little one to snap together .
i got this fashion pack for the doll i ordered ... it looks really cute .. this is for a 7 year old ... and the shipping was fast ..
recommended to begin your childs learning . great interactive toy for kids aged from 12 months :-) move on fom this into early reading
my grandson loves to watch the rocket fly in the air and chase it down . he places it on the launcher and eagerly awaits the next launch .
i love it when parts fit correctly , i'll definitely do business with these folks again . thanks for the great service .
a little disappointed with this toy . not as easy for a little one to use as shown on tv . balls go everywhere .
great expansion for dominion and i recommend it to anyone interested in the series . it's worth the price , especially if you get a discount from amazon .
my son loved this plush , it was just what he wanted for christmas . he was very happy and excited to recieve this as a gift , perfect size
my grandson has the turtles and granddaughter asked for april well made and is flexible . was packaged well and madesturdy came with a few small sticks ...
cute . these are so adorable i know my granddaughter is going to fall in love with them as soon as she sees them .
they are legos ! you can't go wrong with legos . the box had a nice equal quantity of the sizes and colors .
my daughter loves to play with her lite brite , but goes through the sheets quickly . these were reasonably priced and my daughter loves them .
purchased for my grand daughter . she said it was just what she wanted . she now wants bunk beds in her room for her and her sister .
again , wish the controller was mode 1 but it flies nice and is certainly worth the cost . amazing what they can pack in for the price .
my 2 year old son likes these toys as they remind him of daddy's big transformers . sturdy and easy to transform .
i love that all the pieces are in a metal box with a sturdy clip . nice art , creative toy , paper with it would have been good .
need more shows with the bubble guppies . my granddaughter ( 15 months old ) loves them and sings along ! she loved all her plush guppies .
awesome buy , lots of food and good size and a great variety of food i highly recommend this product and it will last for a very long time .
another great lego choice . got it for around $ 25 on amazon . great price for a great lego ! very satisfied with it !
my son had so much fun with this i even bought the matching gloves that they show but wish it came with some people might assume it comes with
well built and great way to help learn numbers , abc's and colors . great learning tools . another fine product from melissa & doug .
these extra darts are always good to have on hand . it's nice that 36 come in the package - nice price value !
i thought this would be a great gift to teach my nephew his abc's . he seems to like it alot
i know he sleeps with this little guy ! these action figures are well made and very representative of what he likes .
hours of mindless fun . when the fun with balloon is over , you can always suck air from helium tank , and sing songs .
our kids love these ! they are super cute and a great gift for the price ! ! ! the colors are very vibrant too .
my grand daughters have enjoyed playing with their barbie dolls . changing their clothers and shoes . it has entertained them greatly .
my son was very happy with this curve bow . i was a little skeptical , but it does very well . now to get one for my daughter .
this was a wonderful addition to our christmas thomas track set . it made the train go from 3cars to 6 cars . my son loved they seemed holiday related
unlike some of the duplos , this circus set feels worth the cost . the animals and people add a lot to the playtime experience .
i loved his reaction when he saw this . he plays with it all time ! so glad i bought this for him .
solid and durable as they were when i was a child . my grandchildren love them and it keeps them busy and creative for hours .
this is a very cute and entertaining toy ! several of our kids are enjoying this toy , super cute and fun
good sturdy little set for the price . i got one for each kid and they love having their own sets .
i got this for my grandson , who is just barely old enough for it . it seems very sturdy , pretty , and fun to play with .
my 7 year loves putting make up on this ! she even uses the guide to try to put her own make up on lol
i bought this as a tub toy for my 4 year old . great price , great fun and it doesn't totally sink . plus , it has cannons .
my son loved this game , but after 5 or 6 plays the bands stretch and hook won't stay on the hammock . it becomes impossible then to play .
our 20 month old son loves it and plays with it every day ! it is very easy to adjust to larger heights in an instant .
my daycare children love these tubes , they enjoy watching the ooze and waiting for it to start dropping down . great price
my grand-niece never tires of playing with her schleich animals . they are beautifully made , completely life-like and virtually indestructable . and so many different varieties !
bought for my grandson one year old birthday , he loves them , bought a lot of vetch smart wheels he plays with them almost every day
my grandson has been having such a great time learning while havinga fun time with the games offered for his new leappad 2 .
got this to play with the kids and its a fun one for her to count all on her own
much cheaper than tinker toys and my grandson liked themgood quality and more pieces for your money , colorful sturdy
car is a very tender and especially for my nephew fasinan le cars . i hope you will be very useful as a toy educational
grandson loved it , however , it did not emit his singing like what i would have liked . good quality , made to withstand a 3 year old
my niece loved this gift . she's been using it in her artwork , and is happy with how the markers work .
bought this for my daughter but lost many of the shoes and bows accessories shortly after receiving it , do not recommend for smaller children
this were perfect for the pokemon 3 ring binders that are available.they hold cards front to back . a total of 18 cards per page .
my kids love lps so finding ones they dont have is hard but thankfully i did with this pack my kids love them
this set is really worth the money . translates into a huge savings on batteries . so glad we made this purchase .
love spectra and i love this doll ! great shoes . great hair . just so in love with her ! ! ! cute pom poms too
haven't used them yet , but they seem fine . just hope that they hold up when we start to use them .
i purchased this card game with the intentions of encouraging math fact practice and it does that with a bit of stategy built in . yeah for the classics !
i have wrapped this item as a gift for my grandson , age 10 he will receive it on christmas when we open presents
i love the size and the details are amazing . it is well worth the money . if you are a daryl fan you will love it ! !
bought as a christmas gift for granddaughter . she loved it . they are pretty small but seemed of good quality and color .
my daughter got this for her 1st birthday . she loves it ! i love the little laughs and the sweet little voice .
my 3 month old just loves this toy ... he smiles at the birds and the bright colors really catch his eye . i recommend this toy !
i bought these for the school event and was very pleased with 120 different colors of crayons . good buy for the price .
didn't work well . bought two . too much effort required to make these work and the instructions are poor . tried various light sources without success .
can't tell you how many times i have been invited to play school with my granddaughter . it was a hit !
they are all on a base allowing them to stand up . my grandson loves the figures . he took it home him to join his toy story figures .
it takes a second or 3 sometimes for the color to appear on paper ... the box and the colors are great though !
super cute . i love that these glasses come with a little carrying pouch . i bought these to go on one of the madame alexander 18 inch dolls .
key is to print them on a computer so they still look like regular cards . though i didn't and it's still fun .
i have all the other cards against humanity packs , so of course i had to get the second expansion . great game ! love to play !
this is the best party game ever . if you disagree you are wrong . mix with alcohol and optional strip rules for best results .
she opened it , said she loved it but she doesn't play with it at all . madison is 6 the doll is cute
i bought this for my granddaughter and she just loves it . she plays with it all the time and it has held up very well
would have given it a higher rating if the price were a little lower . other than that , it's a typical jumbo coloring book .
mis hijos varones de 4 y 6 años estan encantados con esta pista , todos nos pusimos a jugar con ella en navidad
i bought these to match the kid kraft kitchen and table . super cute and sturdy . not cheaply made , great price .
my son loves to play his leapster leapfrog toy story game . it keeps him entertained and away from doing miss haps around the house
nice set , comes with lots of extras and even a care and instruction guide . it is probably a little too advanced for younger children
cute large toy for small stubby hands . bought in the after christmas sale for next years holiday . i like that it is such a big toy .
the lights and sounds on the book , keeps the toddler engaged and happy.so far , the book has been a hit ! !
great set , seems to have a but more tracks then most . we also added a spiral starter set so that there are two ways up and down .
my almost 2 year old enjoyed this toy very much until it broke . it lasted less than a month.what broke ? the reverse setting so he can't unscrew .
bought this for my 9 year old daughter , this was all she wanted for christmas . she was very pleased with the doll .
when traveling and want to keep a child busy without a mess this is the ticket . grandson loves these books .
nice puzzle and was fun to build . it took about 4 days with about 3 hours a days of effort to complete it.overall , great puzzle by ravensburger !
i purchased this card game for my daughter's family and they have already played it . they love all games so this one too .
my son has a large collection going on , not easy on the pocket , but they keep making more and more legos .
our did not come with the right pieces , but after fixing it , my 2yr old likes to kick the soccer ball in net !
its ok my baby plays with it sometimes . but its not worth the price . it should be cheaper . just a material and a ball .
my 7 year old granddaughter was just bowled over when she opened this on christmas . she alwaysgives good hugs but she practically knocked me over with this thank-you !
it works with our thomas wooden train set and gave us lots of fun ways to build new tracks all around the house
i got this for my niece 1st birthday she loved it . very nice toy will definitely recommend it . will be buying more for sure .
my grandson wanted this for his birthday . he is trying to set up a lego city , and so anyone into lego's will like this .
this is a very nice car very fun to run easy controls for the youngsters to learn how to run
this diary is a lot thicker than i was expecting it to be , it's beautiful . my daughter loves absolutely it .
had to return them . not quite what hoped . my son who loves balls isn't crazy about this one as i thought he would be .
shes the perfect size for adult collectors hands like mine . the accesories were super cute and the mane was easy to style with no " box hair "
the only thing i would add is more " people " for the bus . we have already misplaced one & i have been unable to find specific replacements .
this game was 2 hours of non stop laughs . someone literally peed their pants from laughing.you must purchase this game at all costs !
this was bought as a gift for my 4 year old grand-daughter it looks so cute but it is still in package
i love love love love this tiger its great for that one person that loves tigers they well love it
a great addition to an already hilarious game . it is a standard size expansion with outrageous and funny questions an answers
this is the dumbest toy . the " doo doo " gets stuck inside the dog ? this is garbage not worth it
i got this for my son for his rockets he hasn't been able to launch them yet still trying so will update when they launch !
im a fan of dragon ball and this figure is one of the best ! ! ! trust me on this one ! gohan !
very detailed and can be hard on some of them . you cant do it real fast . the dot to dots are fun .
its nice just as the product explanation says . four year old likes it and its very easy to clean up .
i love these block and they matched the size we had here for the grandkids . it had some more shapes so it was a good addition .
my 4 year old's second favorite transformer . easy for him to transform , durable , and keeps him occupied . stays together when in car mode too .
my 6 year old great nephew loves scooby doo , so he was happy to get these for his birthday . i liked the sturdy box they came in .
game for grandson and he loves it . he loves pokemon items of any sort . he asked for this one especially .
this is a fun and powerful toy . i am impressed with the height that these rockets can reach . i had fun along with the kids .
my grandson loves this plush . he takes i everywhere and has even made it a castle to protect . goes well with mario , luigi and bowzer jr ..
i buy the melissa and doug products for my kids . the pink is a little light but the kids like the selection .
my kids bought this and wanted to make lanyard after lanyard . quality is good ... and color selection is great too .
good quality , long , and my boys , five and six , love it , whether for inside or out . i would recommend this as a gift .
great game that plays well enough like 4th edition . very suspenseful , and never the same game twice ! grab some friends and dive into ravenloft !
this is a great toy , and has the added fun of great sound affects and the ability to extend it using motions remeniscent of the tv program .
this is a great addition to the child's learning experience . adds variety to the curriculum already in place . lots of good things packed inside . highly recommend
my girl's 3 and 8 both love monster high dolls . this is without a doubt a great deal with a doll and an accessory .
i bought three of this set , one for my own kid and two as gifts . my own kid likes the officer mccain there .
i just wish it was bigger . its actually a very small piano , but my son still plays it .
i'll probably add more of these as time goes along . my hotwheels loving grandson loves this addition to the set .
amazing item ! i got this as a gift because i have a frankie stein obsession and i love it so much ! cute details and awesome creativity !
we've had these dishes about 4 years and they are still going strong . i have even run them through the dishwasher when it has been needed .
this is a perfect item for a 3 year old . it's heavy enough to be sturdy but light weight enough to move around . my daughter loves it !
my daughter love it . it work great as far as erasing but some colors aren't very rich and it's hard to see .
this is very cute and soft , my son uses to play with our pet rats . lifelike and fits well on finger
if you've got a tractor fan in your house , these are the perfect sand box toys for them . our little guy loves ' em .
we love these melissa and doug puzzles . my son has gained a better vocabulary learning ship , sailboat , cruiser , school bus , airplane and train .
i purchased this for my friends sons 3rd birthday , she said he loves it and plays with it every day !
very happy that it comes with two male / male adapters and engine , daughter was drawn to this bridge the most at toy store .
got this for my son last christmas and he still goes around playing with sid ! he loved this toy & the dvd that come with it !
this toy is just okay . some pieces fall off easily and they are hard for to get back into place . i usually just keep them off .
kids love doing floor puzzles this one is easy enough for 3 and 4 year olds to do on their own
it wasn't as cute as expected so i returned it unopened . it didn't come with any accessories . don't buy it .
my son loves gio . it wasn't a bad price but more than i wanted to spend .
this puzzle was ordered for my grandchildren and arrived in good condition and fast shipping time . they really enjoy playing with it too !
noad likes this as well . he is into the star wars angry birds . he brings them everytime he comes over .
i purchased these to go along with little people noah's animal set . they are to cute and will be fun to learn and play .
solid construction , well detailed just like the actual game character and has plenty of joints for posing any way you wish !
very cute plus mermaid doll loved by fans of the nick show . was a huge hit as a gift to a toddler
cute little finger puppets . used them for favor bags for a monster birthday party . kids loved them and they still play with them .
always like to have these on hand . kids do go through bubble bottles very quickly . i give with wand gifts , too !
the glow sticks came quickly and were brand new as advertised ! i was very pleased with the price ! they will make great birthday treat sack stuffers !
easy clean and easy to play . it promotes eye and hand coordination , sensory , and problem sloving . my daughter loved this toy as an infant .
purchased this for my two year old granddaughter . great stroller . well made . she loves it . i would recommend this stroller .
a simple gift that was enjoyed very much by the 9 year old girl i gave it to . she enjoyed .
straight out of the box , doll arm fell off . they will not stay on which frustrates my dd . cute toy , very poor quality .
this is a cute playset for girls ! i know my daughter will enjoy this christmas morning ! just hope we don't lose the little pieces !
very nice , good quality . it was a little more that i thought it would be . the discription was very limited .
it seemed a little on the cheap side to me but the 6 yro girl i bought it for seemed to be happy with it .
pieces are well made . the colors of this puzzle are great and both my kids have a great time playing with the shapes .
great selection of cars at a great price ! the cars were a better selection than my local big box store had for the same gift set .
sent this to my grandkids for christmas and warned their mother , my daughter . she laughed and said if they didn't play , she and dad would .
takes up more space than i thought but my kids love this ! add the tunnel and 600-800 balls for more of a blast !
nice looking tube for use in pool . thicker walls than the ones we picked up at local target . happy with purchase .
gave this as a gift to our 36 yo son . he even put all the cards in sleeves to protect them . great thinking game !
this was a great gift for my grandson for christmas . it was well priced and appealed to children up to teenagers .
i gave this as a gift to a 5 year old girl , but it was not very intuitive to use . she needs help building a construction every time
ordered this as birthday gift for grandson . was well received , so much so that now must order 2 more for other grandsons .
this was all my daughter wanted for easter so i paid the almost $ 30 price-tag for them on amazon since stores were sold out everywhere .
i like it . it can make your thumb very sore if you play too long . i like to make up my own scoring system too .
this is a very nice drum for a child . excellent quality and very durable . has an excellent sound for a toy .
i bought this to go along with my daughters kitchen set and it goes nicely with it . durable and great for pretend play .
my daughter likes her pillow pets , but they truly don't make a great pillow , too lumpy ! but it's a great stuffy .
bright white ! just what i was looking for . these do not break easily like some of the other bands i have ordered .
this lego set is really cool . it arrived on time and was just like it was described . my son loves it !
i cant play cards against humanity without getting a few good belly laughs in . this expansion pack will be a nice added addition to the original game .
my kids are having a great time with this whale this summer ! it was a great addition to our new pool !
my little 7 - month granddaughter loved this . it has so many cute features and i'm sure she will have many hours of fun .
got this along with a lot of other fisher price loving family " rooms " and my daughter loves them all . she plays with it almost every day ...
another great set from lego . my son spend hours playing with it . the transformation to the two other mode was easy .
good quality wooden toy item . i have no complaints . it makes a nice addition to my daughter's dollhouse and the doors open and close as advertised .
awesome villian ... i would buy this doll over and over . she's great for kids too . but mine is for collecting . really great face expression .
i bought this for my daughter when she was one and 6 months later she still loves playing with it ! to my surprise its still in one piece !
we have laughed and played for hours with this off color toy . my kids love it ! ! i love it !
grand nephew love hedgehog . so anything hedge hog he was happy . it was a great size and nice and plush .
great , kids got for christmas . i like these dolls 2 but my girls love them plan on adding more to the collection .
excellent quality , size , colours.my daughter , 2 and a half years old , loves iti would recommend it over any other tea set
this is a great toy , i only would have been happier if the battery was working to play the music .
a good puzzle for my 3 - year-old grandson since he loves trucks of all sizes and shapes . melissa & doug make great , sturdy puzzles for kids .
these are cute but really small . i still think they will be fun ; but much smaller than i thought they would be
this is a great toy for educational lessons . teaches letters and sounds while having fun coloring .
i ordered this for my oldest grand daughter for christmas . she loves the building toys , and really liked this item .
i actually returned this . i found it at costco for less , but it has been a great little camera that my kids love to play with .
this is perfect for 8 yo gals--we are tucking it away for stocking stuffer gift . she'll go nuts as it is nothing short of adorable
good monster high doll for the price . grandchildren love this doll . is very cutely dressed with a very nice purse as an accessory .
i got this on sale for $ 80 which is a great deal on this one . good build , and the building looks great .
i should have looked more closely at the description . these are very small cans , and i was looking for full size .
once again another one to add to her christmas gift . she loves them so we got for her . great toys and very well made .
bought these for my 5 year old niece , she loves them very much . they come with little stands to keep them upright . very cute .
bought this for two of my 4 year old nephews , and it is so much fun . lots and lots of fun !
i gave this to a 2 year old and she immediately began playing with it . i think that it was a great purchase .
my six year old daughter has an extensive collection of disney princesses and elsa was an addition to that group . she is absolutely beautiful !
i am building a wardrobe and accessory kit for my granddaughter to use with her american girl dolls . this purchase fits in nicely with her school uniform .
bought for granddaughter for christmas gift . she loves it . bought two games for christmas and then two more for her birthday in jan .
she was two when i gave it to her she still likes to play dolls with it and it's just about a year later .
purchased for my grand-daughter's birthday party . several of the adults tried it , but no one has figured it out - yet .
took some time to assemble but we enjoy the multiple sizes , my son has built and destroyed all sorts of structures . so far they seem quite durable .
it is super adorable . my 2 yr old loves it . the animals inside the vegetable crates move up and down when the wheels of the tractor turn .
great price for a great sketchbook . definitely worth it if your child loves to draw or color . especially if she loves everything music related !
this was requested by my grandson for his birthday . he was delighted to receive the fire chief car.if a child likes lego sets then they will like this .
it's great they have a remote control for girls . my daughter loves to chase my sons cars with it . too cute !
wouldn't everyone , little kids and older ones like parents want this very cool way of seeing the little things in nature ? ? ?
my grandkids love the toys . i bought them both one and they love when i mouth the letters along with it . :)
i don't really consider this an educational toy but these but my 2 year old granddaughers loves it . recommend you buy--you won't be disappointed .
the canvas that holds the balloon is good quality and will last a long time even with frequent use . this gets the job done .
lots of fun . great old fashioned toy . lots of fun for all . just don't forget the batteries . fun fun fun
purchased two of these for my grand daughter , she loved them , they do appear to be well made and i'm sure popular .
very sturdy and well made . perfect size for my 4 yr old to tote around and happen fun with . nice sound .
this game is super fun . the only game i have ever played that can be more fun to lose than to win . very hard , but very fun
this was requested by our granddaughter for her birthday . it was well-received - an appreciated gift . the price seemed reasonable .
when i first bought a schleich figurine for my grandson's , it started a tradition for birthdays and christmas . i always know they will be a hit .
bought for xmas . 2 yo son loves it . good size and soft enough to sleep with . seems to be good quality
nice finger paint sheets . thick enough to not have any issues with the paint seeping through and nice glossy feel , just wish they were slightly larger ...
very nice quality bracelet making kit . love that it is latex free . made a great gift and was very much loved !
recommended for an older child . my 5 year old struggles to answer the questions or think about an unusual animal . cute idea
my girls love this . they are totally amazed . they walk around with it making rainbows everywhere . it's wonderful ! i'd totally advise the purchase .
this is the funnest game ever it is fast paced and i even bought a second set becuase then more people can play ... loads of laughs
this is a great addition to any of the thomas take n play sets to help the sets fit together .
este es un material educativo muy bueno los niños tienen diversidad de papel para realizar diferentes plegados . a mi hija le gusta mucho .
i'm very happy with it too ! fits him well and so far is holding up well ! like the shell look to it !
a great quick game and plays excellent up to 8 players . the presentation and build quality of this game is off the charts .
for our littles investigator a good way to keep them busy during the holidays , my kids are going to have fun
kids love this thing . i ordered a second so they can shoot them back and forth with the neighbor kids .
melissa & doug always have well constructed toys . this goes to show they've done it again . satisfied as usually . will by again .
this game has quickly become the family favorite for ages 8 and up . the ability to have 2 to 7 players make the game even better .
its a nice toy , but it doesnt have anything different than the other airports your child may have . good quality
my boys love this . they are better than tiny legos but just as fun . i would recommend this toy to anyone .
the cookie cutter pieces are tiny but the tools are great ! there is a nice variety of tools to get a wide range of effects
one of the best gifts ever ! i ave a 2 and 3 year old , both girls , and they love these microphones !
love the klip klop princesses . these extra pieces hook together . i only wish they could hook onto the stable somewhere for extra play area .
i was looking for some pieces to my childs loving family and i love their products ! ! this was a very good addition to our set .
i bought this set for my 10 year old son who loves nightwing ! it met his expectations and he has been very happy with it !
love the learning aspect of this game as it teaches perceptual and problem solving skills . amazing that even my 4 year old is catching on to the strategy .
awesome find .. i love how they look so realistic and how sturdy they are . my daughter is 18 months when i gave her this and she loved it
another well-made product from fisher-price . a bit costly considering that there aren't many pieces that come in the set . fun creative play without the use of electronics !
i purchased this for my grand children . the love it and their mother likes it even more . great for keeping sizes seperate and for easy clean up
the inflatable space shuttle toy was a hit with everyone at the party . all the kids were posing on it and even playing with it in the pool .
i bought these doll panties for my grand-daughters american girls doll . they fit perfectly . made of good materials , washable . pretty colors to choose from .
i loved this when i saw it and my granddaughter did also . she has a few sets of grandparents , so we all take turns !
bought my daughter for xmas thought would be a great first jewelry box . its a bonus of plays music . i just hope she likes pink
my three year old likes these and they are very cute . it is a good idea , and helpful at this age to understand the bath process .
do not remember when i ordered this but i do know that i had bought the game board so i cannot say much else .
i got this for my grandson for christmas and he loves playing with it . he plays with it a lot .
this is a nice prank toy , looks realistic and it even stinks a bit too . i am glad i bought it .
my girls love and can not stop playing with it . i can't either ! try it you'll like it . 3 more words requiredd
i bought this with the cheerleader outfit and both were more then i expected fine quality and should last a long time
this doll is lovely . my 5 year old was over the moon excited . she loved the fact that it sat up on its own .
my daughter loved receiving this doll . whenever a new one comes out we have to have it . the perfect gift .
my 17 - month old girl loves these little " ba-ba's " and uses them to feed her ' babies " a huge hit at my house .
you work together to slay the monster at the end . strategy is a key role in this game . i recommend this game to anyone who loves mystery .
i love this rick grimes figure . definately , would recommend to any collector . i know the value will increase for resale .
this was a christmas gift . and my son loves it . he is an action figure addict ! he plays with this all the time
i saw a huge improvement on my toddler's fine motor skills after buying this toy . great toy and she loves the reinforcement of stringing it through .
glad i got her when i did . 19.99 on amazon . im a adult collector so shes going to stay in the box . very pretty .
granddaughter enjoyed coloring and nobody had to worry about her making a mess . the product is great for all ages .
these go great with the nerf and strike elite firestrike blaster . it is always good to have extras on hand for a good " nerf gun war " .
my 5 - year old son is having a great time with this . it's easier to change over than an transformer and a lot more fun .
my kindergartners and first graders play with this in the playroom . i think it would also be a good tool for individual play therapy .
my 7 year old grandson wore it continuously after he opened it for christmas . i bought it for him to use as a magician . sturdy enough .
i bought this to teach my music students to keep rhythm and learn to play along with cd's . i like its sweet bell sound .
this is a tried and true game from my childhood this game is a classic ! this is the regular monopoly game not the other versions made later
my son now does not burn through so many batteries . a wonderful idea for the little ones that have all these new devices .
she is a huge animal lover . she loves the peacockbright beautiful colors . she's just not ready yet to put iton webkin
my grandson loves these figurines i hope they last for many years . product seems like it should hold up through the test of time . we shall see .
lego star wars millennium falcon 7965this series i intend to collect ! ! great set , have you will know ! ! discount when buying a good !
very pleased with our purchase . my daughter enjoys these dolls . great price . i am sure we will purchase more . thanks
bought this for my daughters birthday . she loves it and it was not all that hard to put together . requires two people though .
i ordered these as extras for the band kits i got for my grandsons for christmas . they are extras to make more bracelets .
these have a sturdy construction and are much more colorful than your standard plastic dinosaur set . i detected no lasting odor .
at a great price this small box of legos keeps my boys happy for a little bit . they enjoy when they come with little guys .
i bought these for kindergarten party favors ... their super cute and just the right size .. im very satisfied with thes ..
another happy child ! learning is now fun . he's played with his cousins and now he is on cloud 9 ! a great tool ... eh , toy !
my daughter loves swiper and has a blast playing with this , dora and boots .. with her backpack thing i paid 20 for all 4
sophia's is great for american dolls ; i have bought several items and they all work great ; my grand-daughter loves them
my 3 year old grandughter is going to go crazy this christmas morning , when she opens this with its matching case ! ! !
this was perfect for my 18 month old grand son . he absolutely adored it and dragged it around all christmas .
we've had plenty of fun with these seemingly unbreakable pots and pans . they go great with anything . try them and see
kids had a blast with this toy ! wish i would have bought 2 instead of 1 !
this is one of the nicest hulk toys i seen in a while . it really shows how strong the hulk really is .
this will be a stocking stuffer for my harry potter fan along with other small potter themed fun stuff like harry's journal / diary .
didn't stay linked in a ring , difficult to keep the appropriate amt of water in them to make them whistle . we tossed them .
both my grandson and granddaughter love this to take their thomas trains with them to visit family . it stores neatly and holds enough trains
this is a super cute outfit . it fits my daughters 18 " doll perfectly . very well made and looks just like the picture .
it is well-constructed , and holds everything nice and neat in one place . which is kind of the idea . just sayin .
i wish i had bought more of these ! they are great for connecting railways . a must have for all thomas and friends train collectors
this item works great and the kids loved this . they actually all wanted to use it with all the different sounds .
all thomas wooden railway pieces i have purchased have been of good quality and a great addition to my grandson's collection .
my daughter has been wearing the necklace she made and the earrings for over a year . works very well and pretty neat .
my neice says that any monster high doll is the greatest gift ever and that her nonnie is the greatest nonnie ever for getting it for her for christmas
it was a gift from " santa " and he is now a serious learning magician . recommended . easy to follow directions for his age .
great . my boy managed to pick up counting 1 to 12 within 2 weeks playing this . a good alternative is thishttp :/ / www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000gkatu0/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8=1789=390957=b000gkatu0=as2=travguid0ca-20
perfect fit for the american doll i purchased two pair of these for the girls so they can play dress-up
my grandson loves playing with this batch of items in the set . he loves playing with his play doh and this set makes it more fun ! thank you
this toy allows you to my daughter enjoy the adventures of the rescue boots , while watching the tv series , and spend a great time father and daughter
keeps the finger prints off the screen and protects it from messes . easier to wipe clean . helps to protect the screen from scratches
great figure ! my son loves to play with all of these figures . extremely durable and he is very rough with all of his toys !
would not pay what they are asking for it now , but i paid the regular normal price last year . it's a nice set . my son enjoys it
my grand-daughter loves playing with this toy ! she love's the colors ! this is one of her favorite toys . it's great !
my grandson wanted something to display his minifigure collection . this was perfect . he liked it so much his mom got him another one !
nice toy , it goes well with the castle or alone . has good motion and sound effects . grandkids really love it .
my great grandsons love to play with this . it teaches them coordination and is very well made . fast shipping too .
it is great small and perfect for a toddler . she loves it . good quality and washes up nice easy to care for
fun , soft toy suitable for a boy to keep on his bed.soft and safe for play and to sleep with ! assembled well . thank you !
it is the first battery operated member of the thomas & friends family , very good , excellent . very strong and beautiful !
my girls love theses dolls ! item as described with quick shipping ! not as easy to play with as a barbie but defiantly more loved in our house !
wrong game for leapfrog explorer game . did not get to try it . never returned it . it has been laying around for a year .
just the perfect gift for all her monster high dolls she has quite a collection and with this she can display a favorite andchange it any time
this bey came early and was cheap . it wasn't as good as it was made out to be by other people .
my daughter still ( after a year ) plays with these beads a ton . they are very durable and come in all shapes and sizes .
lot's of stuff missing and the bands are really thin and break all the time . not really worth the price
a two-year-old loves this car ! she already knew how to count to three , but this reinforced that and added to her ability to count to ten .
this toy is very well made , and my 7 month old loves all the different spots he can grab and hold on to .
my babies are just starting to use this . it's cute and it is fun that it lights up and plays music .
if you like lego and star wars and collections ... there you have it ... it's a never ending collection ... enjoy it no matter your age !
what boy does not like hot wheels . these larger monster jam vehicles are very well made and our grandson loves to play with them all at one time .
these are great party favors . while not the best quality in the world , they have great details and for the price , you can't beat it .
seafarers is definitely my favorite expansion but this board is too small to allow for any of the seafarers expansions . bummer .
i gave him several games for christmas , and this was the winner ! he can play it hours at a time if i let him , he recommends !
my kids love these and they're foamy so there's no place for water to get trapped and mildew . they love making soup in the bath :)
these were purchased for carnival prizes . the kids will love them ! i will buy them again for the next carnival .
the friend we got this for enjoyed her gift . i hear she is still playing with it . good buy !
i love doing activities and new things with my daughter . she already had one so i got one for myself . she helps me and i help her .
i bought these for my neice for christmas and she loves them . she is sure she needs to get more of them .
my daughter really loves this doll this was the second monster high doll i have purchased for her and will probably purchase them all eventually
hours of fun for our toddler . he just can't get enough of this . easy to pop up , easy to take down .
we got this for my son's 7 year birth day and he loved it . he is into science and magic so this was the perfect gift .
exactly the same although seems smaller now . maybe because i'm bigger ;-) my grand plays forever on it.would buy again .
small and cute . nothing great but my daughter enjoys it , occasionally . is not worth more than $ 10 , in my opinion .
this is a good kit for spare parts . it comes with most stuff but not the logic board so if you burn that up you are toast .
cute little doll shoes . fits my daughter's 18 inch american girl doll perfectly . great price ! i'm pleased with this purchase .
we did this tradition for 2 years in a row now and it has become one of my kids most favorite things to look forward too .
got this and the mini super hero pack we love these everyone play with these even the older kids do
girls have had endless fun with this and still continuing to go back to it . great craft item and would recommend product .
amazing game to sharpen the visual skills . kids and family can play together . i would recommend 7 + years an appropriate age
it helps to children to draw with a flare for imagination . the can draw any thing and make special drawings for the family .
this was recommended by a friend . grandkids love it . good for the years they suggest . kids love to draw and print .
a lot of fun for my kids and for us ! ! all three of my kids enjoy their furbies ! ! ! a must have :)
i bought this as a secret santa gift that i divided up and give the child a couple pieces a day till christmas . they loved it !
of all the lego city sets , this one is my son's favorite . he loves the " lamborghini " and thinks the crook is hilarious .
good swimming pool for kids . we like the decorations or fish on the outside makes it more kid fun / friendly . not for big kids .
my doll has two outfits now . her sporty jeans and her fancy dress . best dresses doll in my kids room .
my sin really likes this toy . we got it for hi , for christmas . i would recommend these accessorizes for the medieval castle .
my son loves hot wheels and this is comparable if not better . it is a heavy duty toy that can last throught baths and mud puddles .
this tiger mutant is ready to slice and dice with a sword and a axe.he is one tough cat . battle cry : fear the cat ! ! ! .
it was better than i expected very well made and very article in every way i feel like a kid again now i want to collect them all
i love her outfit and style . very fun and she is so cute compared to her stylish sister . she won't disappoint .
it was a great christmas gift for a 6 year old who saw all the commercials during the holiday season and immediately needed one for christmas ...
these were bought for my grandson and he loves to play with cars . they were made very well and he plays with them all the time .
she's absolutely beautiful , and is definitely worth adding to any collection . her hair is lovely and her outfit is amazing .
the girls loved these and used them every night . they even carried them to town with them after dark when mom would allow .
these are the by far the best quality magnets that i have bought . very cute pitures . my son loves to sort them by beginning letters .
these are really cute and they giggle , my 2 year old grandson loves them , great addition to his set with thomas , best prices on amazon .
wow i mean if you like doctor who then this is really good to get , i found it at a great price
this is a nice toy but , alas , my grandson already had one . i found out too late so i guess i have one to sell .
these are comfortable and they are also very very durable and you can really tell they are going to last for a long time
cant praise this one enough.my son loves team umi and will play this like there is no tomorrow.great buy.pleased with this
good quality , bought on sale . our daughter is thrilled to have more to add to her collection especially princess luna !
i bought this for my daughter but she doesn't know yet . she wanted one so i bought one for her birthday .. i hope she will like it
it's a lot smaller than it looks . however , toddlers like the toss game and the concept and enjoyed it as a party game .
all of my granddaughters love horses . when i saw this , i knew they would love it and i was right . i would buy it again .
my 2 year old grandson loves thomas and friends trains .. i have just started buying them for him and he loves this one as well
my kids love that they can choose from different colors and be able to paint all they want ! super happy that we got this !
my daughter loves this magnifying glass . it is plastic and seems to be very durable . very similar to a glass one .
i think i would've loved this product , but my husband found another bouncer somewhere so instead we returned this one . thanks
ordered this for my 2 daughters and they love it ! my 9 month old plays it non-stop . very cute toy .
this figure is great if you are a fan of the flash or dc or even action figures in general
this is a great little game system for my grandkids . what i would change about it is to have the screen a bit bigger .
having this carrying case is great . the small handle on it is nice as well . it prevents a lot of damage that it would otherwise encounter .
i buy these figures for my little one to play with . he loves them . we have several different sets . they look just like the game .
i got this as a gift for my sister who is going to school to be a nurse . she loved it .
was excited to find it at a good price but when it shipped to me it was not the interactive harrison so i had to go through return process
the grandsons have been playing this for hours at a time . they are 14 to 8 years of age and love this board game . grandma 11
my toddler loves this book , we have bought all the melissa and doug books like this because it keeps him busy .
we play this a lot even though our children are slowly aging out of it . great for them to play with younger siblings and cousins .
these make great projects . they did not take to long to get to me . will be back to get more .
these are very cute . my daughter is a big mlp fan . she got these for her birthday and hasn't stopped playing with them .
the game is fun but more than 3 players are needed to make it more challenging .
very sturdy toy , stands up to my five year old sons rough play . many hours of enjoyment as he crashed , bashed and rolled it over ramps .
he loved it . took him 16 hours to put it all together and when he was done he told me " papa i am legoed out ! "
i purchase this one to be a gift . i think the kids will surely love it and great for lego city collectors
what bad things can you say about a crayola product--none ! the paints are bright , thick , definitely washable and lend to lots of creativity .
these were a good party favor , however they were much larger than i expected them to be , so it was a little disappointing .
my son was so excited to see this on his birthday cake . and he kept them and played with them for many months after .
fun fun fun this is great and so much fun for the kids i would encourage you to by this
my daughter enjoys the moby clutching toy quite a bit . we also have the mouse and she is playing with this one more for the time being .
though i am way out of touch with what cartoons are on these days ... the granddaughter loved this and that's all that matters to me .
my grandson luvs his new addition ! well constructed with a removable tail and walking stick . great addition to his set of ninja turtles .
got this for my husband who is a cubscout den leader . he uses it to teach the scouts knots for the beltloop .
great toy , my granddaughter loved it . no problems and i saved money on line . i would suggest it for your little ones
my grandchildren have great fun with this and i recommend highly . " melissa & doug " never fail in quality of product .
the design and color of this dress is super cute . well made . a little long but it works . my five year old daughter loves it .
bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter for christmas . a great addition to the doll house and wooden dolls .
excellent complement to the box beam my son has always been a fan of bots rescue what remains now is to get others to complement the game
this is a smaller set than expected . we used this to complement other play sets that our daughter already had ..
bought this last year and it is still in use 1 year later and holds up well . still a bedtime cuddle favorite .
this was a christmas present and my little niece loved it . it talks and dances . like it a lot . thanks .
this was a figure i could never find in stores and was a great addition to my collection . the packaging is very sturdy and looks great .
this is a fun toy which my son loves . the cubes that are vacuumed up are different colors so they help with color recognition .
board too long , too much for young ones to catch on to . didn't keep grkid's , or my attention . the object to win was boring .
this was a christmas resent to one of my granddaughters . the quality was excellent , it is exactly as advertised and it was well received .
my daughter is a huge animal lover & grandpais a huge turtle lover . the turtle is really soft & no troubles playing with him in webkin world
very nice books , i was surprised how well they are made and how fun for the kids to place dinosaurs in their own habitat
i love this . we have gone through so many batteries im glad leapfrog came out with this ! charges well and hold a charge for a long time
bought for my grandchildren who are 2 and 3 yrs old . they love to make things . good quality construction . helpful to learn abc's . recommend !
this was the birthday girl's favorite craft . she couldn't wait to get started and spent the whole day doing to the stickers . recommend !
it is fun for them but messy for us to clean up . of course the kids want to keep rearranging the straws while their drink is in it .
great group game . we like it . the pens of course get squished by friends that aren't as careful drawers . that's ok .
very cool , very well made , soft - my 4yr old loves dinos and small stuffed animals , so he loves this :)
this is the best white ranger figured ever made till date nicely sculpted and detail . it also has his sabad sword the nicely sculpted and detail .
it lit up and dribbled some solution but that's about it . made a fun noise . i'm sure my son would have loved it if it worked .
no regrets ! my grandson is quite satisfied with the minecraft core creeper figure , in fact , he put more of the minecraft figures on his gift list .
goes through batteries really fast . my daughter loves it . definitely buy the charger cord that plugs into the wall to save on batteries .
filled wish of grandson for powered engines to go with his two others . sure he will play with it for a long time . arrived quickly and well packaged
very nice kit for the money , great for girls who love american girl doll , nice plastic lifelike features , my daughter loves them
these mini hooks are great to have around . you can adapt them to the rainbow loom or off-brand looms and even for spool knitting .
my dog liked to chase this when i would fling it around the house . what a hit for him . he needs a little fun too .
bought this for my grandson who loves fire trucks and lego . he is enjoying it and i highly recommend it .
christmas gift for the little doc lover in my family ! she loves to play pretend and doc mcstuffins is her favorite ! !
just as marketed and seen . this one was really enjoyed by boy who earned it . make more that are simple and still look the part .
my daughter loves this for her ag doll and it fits perfectly ! shipping was quick , and this dress is very pretty and sweet !
my daughter loves this puzzle and all of it's combinations . good quality . what a great puzzle for the price ! she loves the expressions the bears make .
very fun game . better with at least 4 players , i prefer at least 6 .
this dollhouse is wonderful . it has many great features , and is of high class quality . most highly recommended . dame hilda
my little granddaughter loves this doll ! need i say more ? pretty and well made little doll .
what a lovely doll . the words it speaks are clear and easily understandable . seems to be made very well and hold up to a good loving .
i really like this beyblade it has so much power i give it 5 stars it is very big and has to different modes i prefer boost mode
i purchased this for my 10 year old nephew and it was really a big hit . lots of nighttime fun ! works just like it says !
eight year old daughter received for christmas and still loves it , so i'm happy with this product . would recommend to any monster high fan .
we love this game . my daughter starting playing it when she was six . it is easy to learn and fun to play .
it is a good educational toy for kids and also for manual dexterity . i would highly recommend it to others .
we haven't used this yet - it's a christmas gift . so i can't review this right now . i will rate this later
my 2 year old dd loves this toy ! she has thrown it and it still works . it's very cute . love the books too .
i ordered this for my niece who rides her bike everywhere and brings her american girl doll with her everywhere too .
my daughter loves playing with this at church so i bought one for home . it is a great size and very sturdy .
i ordered this for my niece who rides her bike everywhere and also brings her american girl doll everywhere too .
great set with all the characters . good quality , still being tossed and played with regularly and not broken or worn after 3 months !
moon sand is awesome . kids have a lot of fun with it . it can get messy , but is pretty easy to clean up .
just arrived & he'll have to wait for santa but mommy loves to garden & he's her best helper so it should be a big hit
easy game to play and fun . directions are easy to follow children and adults will enjoy finding the murder . i like the old version the best
my grandchild loved this ! just the right size for little hands . he loves the show , and the characters in it .
i bought these to make minecraft keychains as party favors for my son's 8th birthday party ! i love perler beads !
our granddaughter and her big sister are fans and love dancing with justin beaver ! one of their favorite toys . great gift !
such a cute doll ! very soft and snuggly ! my 1 year old loves to play with the little patch of hair !
my one year-old son loves this toy ! he loves hearing all of the animal sounds and got the hang of pulling the handle fairly quickly .
this box had some decent crafts in it . some others were a waste . the playdough it comes with is cheap . good for rainy days though
what little girl does not want a princess mirror of her own to decorate ? certainly not my two girls . they love this mirror .
grandaughter loves playing this plus it is teaching her as she goes along to pay attention
i bought three of these for the children . delivered quickly . great educational toy for the children.purchase with the rechargeable battery set . save money and downtime .
my daughter suggested these for my twin 3 yr . old grandchildren . she says that they are happy with them .
great set of cards for a beginner . the pictures and numbers both make it easy for a child learning the concept of the game .
exaclty what you would expect from a plastic , sword , shield and body armour . kids love it , you get what you pay for .
perfect height to stand or sit - very educational - great quality , and bright colors ! love it ! overall a + and great purchase !
i was requested by my 9 year old grandson , it arrived in time , and he's excited to put it together and play with it .
i purchase this for my grandsons birthday . once he figured out how to work it he had a blast running around squirting everyone .
great in the car , on the go , etc . weather we are on a little long drive or really long drive it's great !
if your toddler loves wonderpets , this is an excellent addition to your collection . they are super cute and well made . my daughter loves them !
the plastic that protects the ipad is a little flimsy . it also prevents " apptivity toys " from working on the screen .
i bought this off the christmas list of my grand twins . they loved it and i love watching them fit the peices into the puzzle .
well made and user friendly . our 2 and 5 years olds use it for dolls and bugs a-like !
i would definitely recommend this product to any family who loves to color . it made my son very happy ! good work crayola :)
the children enjoy building with legos and can make many things with it ... they also can identify with colors and stack them however they want .
what can you say , sully is everyones favorite monster and we love this guy when you shake him he does 3 different things for each shake .
just a little packet . saving for my daughter for christmas . all good , its quality you expect from lego . my daughter will like it .
captained by jim kirk's dad for 12 minutes before he rammed it down a romulan mining ship's ore collector . if you gotta go , go full impulse .
she opened it and hasnt put it down ... just loves the amount of horses ... i was surprised by the great quality too ...
great quality hairbrush for american girl dolls or any dolls with hair that needs to be taken good care of .
funny string farm , my girl loves that because the kid likes the colorful product , lovely animal , and have the interest in the string .
good thinking game that appeals to people of all ages . it was a hit at christmas with many wanting to try it .
we purchases a children's bbq as well , but they like playing with these foods more than the grill ! highly recommend
i like it because the stampers are magnetically held in , however , it doesn't thoroughly erase . my son loves it though .
bought it for my 21 month old daughter ! the set is cute & seems sturdy enough ! not bad for the price !
my 8month old grandson loved the dragon ! he smiles and laughs each time he sees it ! got him the dragon and his twin sister the unicorn .
i bought this for my classroom but don't like the tones it uses . it needs a nicer chord . going to try to return .
my grandson is 4 and he was able to assemble this almost completely without help . he adores legos and had graduated from the duplo to this smaller size .
bought them to give for my daughter birthday presents . i really liked it ! i would recommend them . very cheap and nice .
nice quality play food . grandchildren love these sets . good size and realistic appearance . would recommend these sets to other buyers .
i bought this for my son for his 4th birthday . this toy is a big hit with him and all of his friends . highly recommend !
these do fit the cards but they are all tinted orange . not clear as i had thought when i ordered it .
what can be said he is dave , cute adorable my daughter thinks he is funny , and made a nice gift for the mrs .
i got this one as a birthday present for my four year old grandson and he loves it . thank you so much
the spinosaurus is my daughter's favorite dino , so she loved span . he easy to switch from a dino to a jet .
this was smaller than i thought it would be . there is not a flat bottom to the bag ...
the girl was delighted with this doll . it seems many details and beautiful . the girl has not stopped playing with it since i gave it .
we happen to love visual games in this house ! this one does not disappoint ! we have played it almost every day since christmas !
my granddaughter just loves this . she received it as a christmas present and has enjoyed working with it since she got it .
my kids love this horse . it's fun and pink ! i'd purchase again in another color . well worth the purchase . kudos !
my son loves to draw and sketch so we bought him this kit to help inspire him to do his best !
you get what you pay for . i wasn't very impressed but they do look pretty and the variety is nice
you get alot < there good size and bright and show personality . good for decorating boxes to send or treat bags for halloween '
had for over a year . my daughter loves it and batteries are still going strong . does not get hot and looks like shown in picture .
one of the lego chima sets i gave my grandson for his 9th birthday . he loved putting it together & setting it up in his world of legos !
my daughter loves her barbie house . it was quite easy to set up . it came with alot of little stuff . pretty surpised .
i got this for my nephew and have no complaints great christmas gift . he loves the lights , sounds and pulling it along .
this cops and robbers set was perfect for our 5 year old son . he will be so excited when he makes a lego city this christmas !
we have bought three of these things . each one is now broken . the legs are very fragile and break off very easily .
durability , sound , and appearance were good , my kids just weren't interested . still recommend it though .
my son loves this tool belt . he pretends to fix things and the toys are just the right size for him . it is lots of fun !
very cute , realistic , and the striped pole adds a special touch . another winner from melissa and doug !
i'm not sure why my kids like watching these things it they love them ! everything arrived in great condition , great product
very awesome figure , detailed and very articulated . and also the accessories for this thing is off the scale hasbro really outdid theirselves on this one
my niece was jumping with joy when got this . i would say it is a good product and she still enjoys playing with it .
helicopter broke before i could use this , but this has all the spare parts that you may need . its good to have around . 2222222222
i really like it , good quality , good design , my daughter love really love it , i use masking tape to adhere it to the ceiling .
my toddler boy really exited to play with it ! but i always need to keep watching him due to swallowing
great product my nephew loved it . easy to build for little hands . love that it was 2 n 1 where they can build different skylanders items .
it is a great educational toy ! i would buy this againi feel sure my grandaughter will enjoy this product
can't wait until christmas morning when our little one opens this ! it is so adorable and the voice is not annoying as some toys tend to be !
this came in record time , perfect shape , my son will love it ! much cheaper than toys r us ! ! very satisfied .
this again was purchased for the grandsons and they love games and anything to do with dice . great fun for homeschooling .
it's good to put whatever you like my kids use it a lot and i happy they like what i got them
my six and seven year old sons really like ninjago and legos so this was a perfect gift for them . they really enjoy it .
this are perfect for my grandson . he is a little young ( 4 ) but he absolutely loves these legos ! the item was shipped very quickly too .
thanks to the advice of a fellow reviewer - i changed the batteries and now all the functions are working perfectly :)
helps to keep the bugs crawling i guess . i have not actually seen them in action since my grandson lives far away .
a must have for every nightmare before christmas fan ! i love the board and the token pieces , definitly a new favorite !
i really thought u would get more then 1 but its still a good toy for hand eye and for muscle tones issues
my almost 2 year old son received this for xmas and he loves it . he has learned how to steer with it too . great buy .
just what you'd expect . the paint is beginning to flake on ours but that's because my kid " pretend " bites it .
lego and anything with lego are perfect for kidsgreat time . enjoying the kids playing and building it for hours and very durable made.lego is great .
excelent quality and all the games , this psp is beautiful and all the specification is really , thanks i recomend it
fun and educational . now that my son is 3 , we use it to practice spelling .
great fun until the inflating mechanism stopped working just a few weeks after it arrived . we'll see how the manufacturer responds to request to fix the problem .
i was told these would be manual transmission style but they are in fact automatic transmission style . will return promptly as these are literally ruined .
item as described , it was a gift for my grandaughter . she loves it . so i guess it says it all .
we needed something for our daughter to use during nap time at day care so she wasn't sleeping on an interchangeable cot
this is the coolest toy ever , my 6 year old girl and all her friends love it ! i recommend totally !
i like it because it is easy to carry so i can give this to my son when we have nothing else to do .
all schleich animals i have purchsed have been fantastic . wish i could get them all . extra large , extra sturdy , and great detail .
super fast ship ! there was only one of each , no duplicates . my daughter loved them ! ! thanks so much ! can't wait to start trading .
my two-year-old his a huge thomas fan and this was the perfect addition to his set . very fun for him to play with .
this toy is great , plastic with smoother corners and big enough for a two year old . i will buy more like this .
my son plays this game all the time he enjoys taking the pups a bath and rinsing them out again
i have not opened these yet as they will be gifts for some girls in a month or so . they look fun .
it's a small jar and once the lady bugs finally arrived , they never ended up hatching . big waste of money .
this is a fun system . your kids will be dancing and singing all day long . highly recommended .
i have not given it to my daughter yet , but it looks adorable . the price is great-does not look like a cheap piece at all .
love farkel and when i saw this i knew that it would be a hit at the next family game night !
i got these to give to my little great-niece for christmas of 2013 . i have been informed that she loves them .
i like games . i really like games with friends . this game is really fun as long as you don't cheat .
my toddler loves curious george . this is the perfect size for him , and is very soft . it is a new favorite around the house !
nothing to complain . no nasty smell , good selections for the colors , toddler likes it alot ! i will recommend this product !
my grandson was excited about this toy , he is really into doing experiments and him and his dad can do them together
the markers are bright and appear as nice solid lines . the classic colors are great for my nephew who just needed basic primary colors for school purposes .
christmas gift , they could not stop playing . this proves you don't need a video game to have fun .
costlier than plain old crayons , but my daughter loves them . normal crayons break and crumble ; the twistables don't . love them !
my son is very pleased with this lego star wars corporate alliance tank droid . he and his brother play with this a lot and i highly recommend it .
these bands glow in the dark ! that makes them even more fun . i tried them out and they glow quite a while .
any kid into mythology will be sure to love this . very durable and authentic looking . great price and a wonderful gift !
we love it ! now she has a living room suite in her critters carry house ! lots of accessories to match this . well constructed .
my son likes this toy , but it's pretty flimsy , even by cheap plastic toy standards . for what you get , the price is too high .
my girls absolutely love these dolls . great for small hands and rough play . perfect birthday or christmas or even for just becuase gifts .
really awesome worker placement and estate building game . so many ways to win . lots to think about and deep strategy .
lots of improvements over the old version . you can no longer lose pieces in the ' hinge ' ! recommended for everyone ! woo hoo .
a birthday gift for my grandson myles who is 6 years old , he and his 8 year old sister beat me in this game everytime .
if you have a leappad 2 , you need the recharger pack . it makes recharging simple and you don't have to have extra batteries around all the time .
got these as an easter gift for young grandkids ( more durable than others the reviews say ! ) . they love them ! thanks !
good quality and great price . my 4 year old kids loved getting this set to go with the octonaut playpod for christmas .
i havent opened the package yet , its part of my collection but its the real freezer
my granddaughter loves it ! i bought the dolphin cruiser for both granddaughters because i saw how much fun they had with the adventure camper .
although price is similar in stores just ordered while i was making other buys . brand new in package and nothing to complain about .
while this truck is small , it is very detailed and true to form . my 2 year old grandson loves it .
good toys for the price that it was . my son loves angry birds star wars , so he was quite pleased with them . ) )
our grandchildren have thoroughly enjoyed this . it also presents numerous opportunities for fun discussions with the children because the scenes are releveant to their experience .
my daughter loves this . she has been playing with it since she got it and i am hoping it never runs out .
our little one loves yo gabba gabba . we recently went to the live show and started the collection , they are cute and pretty resilient .
you will not be disappointed with this basket of pretend food . very realistic and high quality . my daughter has hours of fun each day !
my son love his dump truck , he tows everything around the house in it . i also love that its made by a great company .
mix and match with other sets . make huge complicated arrangements for you and your child to have hours of fun with each other .
the vtech kidizoom camera is the best thing ever for little kids to explore their creativity through photos and videos . hours of fun and excitement !
love this figure ! gave it 4/5 stars because the mask on the figure stays on , but it does not fit the whole figure's face .
my granddaughter put this together all by herself and is enjoying it . it is like a lego set almost with a bit larger pieces .
this is one of the prettiest barbies i've ever seen . way exceeded my expectations . my grandaughter is going to love her .
pink from bimini ... quite a way for a little crab to come to play with the kids ... she is very popular , too
my 16 month old all they way up to my 7 year old have had fun with this toy since it was opened on christmas eve .
gave this gift to my niece for christmas and she loves it . great gift for promoting child creativity . good quality .
super beautiful doll , great hair and features , wonderful addition to the monster high world ! daughter especially loves her green " skin " .
my grandson loves his new car case . he takes his cars in and out . this case seems to be made of very sturdy plastic and will last .
grand daughter has loved receiving her as a birthday gift . the local stores had the more expensive version with extra little accessories that get lose .
the folks that won this as a bunco prize played it and had a great time . it is especially fun if your group is less inhibited .
you can't go wrong with lego , especially if that lego is based on superman and the awesome movie " man of steel " .
this was a gift for a child who loves pirates . hours of imagination with this toy and the melissa and doug quality is great .
the thing is cool and it came in perfect condition . i love having this figure and im so glad i bought it
we love this game . my son and his friends really enjoy playing it . great for family night and for playdates .
perfect replacement . easy factory swap . too early to tell durability but it works as expected so far . would buy again .
i don't feel like there is not anything special about this laptop . my 2 year olds don't play with it that often .
a dirty version of apples to apples . fun , and can be quick , can be long . lots of house rules can be made .
my 3 yr old is really enjoying this game . we are using it to practice english and spanish colors . lots of little pieces to lose though !
looks like kids would love to play with this grill set . like that it is durable and would recommend it to any one with kids .
this is one great puzzle . it is a great teaching aid as well . i love everything about it . we love doing it together .
it used it only twice this summer , but it worked really well . the bottom of the pool was very nicely made for babies .
i love most of the thomas train products , but " victor's " voice is not as clear , and his words more difficult to understand .
as our grandson grows older , he enjoys combining construction toys with play-doh , instead of just squeezing shapes out of the extruders .
this was a gilf for a 1 year old , they loved the gift and i would purchase another when i have the need .
we all love pretending with this . my son love to put honey on all his pretend food , now . yum . lol
legos have been a part of our lives since our sons were young . now we have introduced our grandsons who are thrilled .
14 month old has some trouble with the buttons . but she likes it , just can't fully use it .
perfect size for diaper bag and for the little hands to play with . goes well with the sets , he will use these a lot .
this a great buzz compared with the same at double the price . this was a perfect present for a toy story fan .
my boys loved this and so did i this was well worth the money .. very educational so much fun watching these grow l
this item was purchased as a toy but was broken in the package it arrived in . she made do with it but it falls apart easily .
my kids love the grocery cart and all the grocery items from melissa and doug . everything is always great quality !
bought this for my two year old daughter and she loved this little bus . nice little toy for any small kid .
i bought this for my nephew who loves dinosaur train and i have not heard any complaints ! good value and cute .
my grandsons loved getting this for christmas . they all enjoy playing with each of theirs and doing boy things with it .
this dollhouse is huge ! the house and furniture are sturdy and well-made . plenty of space to play in this one . another great kidkraft product !
this is a great and cute car set . can use other sets to make a really neat . comes with a road sign , dog , etc .
my 7 year old grandson wanted this toy for christmas . he loves to assemble legos . they are a great toy for the imagination .
i purchased 2 of these as my grandkids wanted to add this to each of their school back packs . product was well made .
great great great rings . awesome party favors . so cute . just keep in mind these could be swallowed by smaller child . not recommended for little kids
good additions to my son's growing star wars lego collection . he was happy to have some different colors as well .
if your kid likes dora they'll love this game . plays like an interactive episode of dora and should keep them entertained for a while .
this is a really cool puzzle my 5 and 2 year old love to sit together and try to figure it out . really nice
my granddaughter loves all the disney princesses and she loves dressing up like them . we got this for her third birthday !
when you're a toddler , you want to mimic everything , even grandma sweeping the deck :) our toddler loves using this appropriately sized broom set .
this set is so adorable ! ! my daughter is constantly baking cookies ! they have held up well to all the play time and tea parties !
love it and it helps to almost complete her klip klop collection and my daughter loves the bright colors and the choices to choose from when playing with her stable
they both have one and they are the best the kids love watching them cycle and they are a great addition to any room
the face on our's is kinda off . but it's for my son who loves cats so its going to get " loved " abused " anyway .
my new pet . no care required . and hedgehogs are so cute ! no one else i know has one . lucky me .
inexpensive price , simple and easy to build , our 5 year old son built it himself . it was a nice stocking stuffer .
i'm happy i bought this for my son and my nephew . now i just need to get a screen saver .
this is a fun , well-built toy that is easy for toddlers to use while still being fun for older kids .
love love this little set . my 3 year old loves animals and this is perfect for him ! specially the elephant , his favorite animal !
super cute little truck . the back tips , the tail gate opens and it glides along very smoothly.and cute little head light too . bpa free .
this is a great product product and very compact . both my daughers love it .
my daughter likes to play candy land . also the figures are fun for her to play pretend with even when not playing the actual game .
this little fellow here is so adorable and the grandchildren really enjoy laughing and playing with him . the nose light up and they think it is so funny .
my grandson loves it . it is not that sturdy . however , he enjoys playing with it . great fun for young kids .
i love games that are more of an all play . have played the original and this just is a bit more up scale .
this is an awesome toy ! my 1 year old likes it , but my 5 year old loves it ! ! ! thank you so much amazon !
my ( almost ) 5 year old is having a great time with the set . great price and buying through amazon , we got a great deal !
the price is excellent for what it was for ! my girl loved it and played with it , thank so much
great price , ran my solar power so non need to worry about batteries . good price and learning tool . lots of fun with fast delivery .
exactly as described ! works very well ! and the program does more than just say the letters , there's games , songs , etc .
great for 5 and 9 year old ! ! ! been playing constantly since opening . imaginations run wild with all the accessories accompanying it .
my wife and all of her friends are big breaking dawn fans and they try to outdo each other with collectibles , good way to keep your wife happy
got this when one of my sons was four . he has really enjoyed playing with it . it allows an opportunity to practice counting in a fun way .
lots of options for cookie cutters with several colors of doh . decent quality as far as the attachments and little machine are concerned .
all of the items fit well in the bag . the toys are durable plastic and can be washed easily . it's a good , basic toy medical kit .
this toy just stop working after one week of use . it was not the best toy ... did not make a lot of bubbles .
those finger puppets are adorable . they are well made and stay actually on your fingers snugly while you are moving them .
this is a very nice brush and it works well on the doll's hair . i would recommend it for sure
chuggington is always a great product . this is a wonderful christmas gift for any child . if you like thomnas the tank you will love chuggington
this is the perfect case for the mobigo . it helps very much with carrying a lot of games and the console itself .
this is a good toy . durable and it will provide a lot of fun and happy times for kids . great value and price . good product .
my daughter loved this . the pieces aren't super high quality , but they're good enough for the sandbox , and a lot of fun .
i love this charging dock for our leapster ! it is such a great must have accessory that everyone who owns a leapster should consider buying .
reasonably priced and fun for my little girl to put on her fingers and act like a robot . she loves them in the dark
these pick up sticks are of a high quality and will last for years of fun . the packaging was also superior .
i got for my daughter for christmas . she can create new design colors with the fashion plates . thank you much !
i remember having so much fun with these as a kid i think he will too . he is nine years old .
great learning toy . we have 4 of these becasue my boys like to spell lots of words ! ! ! we love these
a great gift for my 5 year old grandson who is now taking pictures of everyone and everything he can find .
this game is just fun . who doesn't like memory and it is newer characters that happen to be popular now
my grand daughter will be getting this for christmas . being a playmat and a storage box is just what and barbie girl needs ! i love it !
an excellent game for all ages and reasonble too . my nephew and niece really enjoy thisgame and i do too .
this is one of the best things we ever bought ! my son loves it and plays with it all the time !
me and my husband put this together christmas night . it was easy to follow the directions . its fun for adults too .
i like this toy a lot , because it is easy to stack and play with . although it is a pain to look for the pieces !
thats all this is . a money card - pre paid for you to buy apps and other games and things for the leap pad 2
this was a gift and my neice loves them . she likes anything that makes noise and music so these have kept her entertained for a long time .
im told percy is one of the main thomas trains . well made and cute , like all the thomas trains . good purchase . m
great stamps that come with this doodler . nice bright colored handles . string with pen is long enough . we love it .
cheaper than ag products ! is wonderful for the imagination and suits its purpose just fine ! we bought the back pack too !
great overall themesuperheroescan be longcan also be a chore to set up without a auto-shuffler.solid re playability
this game disturbs , disgusts , and oftentimes infuriates me . i can't stop playing it , and cannot wait for more expansions to be released .
we bought this for our 2 year old who loves to help mommy clean . it is adorable and durable and works great ! ! highly recommended ! !
lots of items came with this , my 10 year old niece wanted for christmas & it seemed to young for her age .
too heavy and not loud enoughnut fun for toddlers , although they seem to prefer an old flip cell phone to this toy
my daughter had fun making this little pony . she is 7 and needed no help . she loves crafts and this was quick and easy to make .
this is needed large plate for legos . my grandkids always start off with this plate and it is large enough for 2 players .
i bought this for my grandson's birthday ... he loves it ! lego products are super and last and last and last and last !
it's definitely small . nad although i think it looks fun , my toddler has no interest in it what so ever .
i absolutely love that each series can fit into each color . i cannot wait to get more figures to complete my sets . i love these !
my two and a half year old who loves trains and emergency vehicles isn't at all interested in these . a little pricey for what you get .
came just as described and is great for my daughter to complete her now complete collection of doctor mcstuffin stuffed toys
not all of them worked , but it was a good price . people love glowsticks at parties and they combined multiples to make necklaces . great favors .
does your kid like spongebob ? and bowling ? or just throwing a ball ? ok great . he'll love these.simple toy , simple review . good product .
another success from lego ! the cart with wheals and a pull cord really keeps my toddler's interest . she plays with this toy every day .
they are what they are , bathtub crayons ... clean up very easy which is a major plus , but seems to lack durability a little .
i bought this as a xmas gift for my great nephew as he is a batman lover and he never puts it down and takes it everyware he goes .
this was a gift for two brothers and they love playing it together , we made sure to get the batteries
our daughter has been asking for walking talking pinkie pie for months now ! we cannot wait until christmas morning to see her open this ! !
the schleich triceratiops toy is great for your kids who likedianasours got this one for my nephew he really likes it
nice large bag of rainbow loom rubber bands . also comes with 100 clips which is nice . good quality bands . would buy again !
very good set . my 5 years old son likes this set . it depends on his imagination what he want to create .
the product was exactly what i expected it to be . i love it and it goes great with other samurai products . it also came three days early !
this puppy gave many smiles and hours of fun to my grandchild . great for a boy or girl . shipped easily .
this is like the old game but made cheaper as everything is these days . now i am writing to fill in space .
this bank is very loud , it does not count money accurately and when you open the door , the money all falls out .
cute set . does not take wear & tear well . my little boy broke parts minutes after taking it from the box . inexpensive for what you get .
the puzzle came quickly and was as advertised ! my little boy loves putting this together again and again ! very valuable teaching resource !
this horse is everything that is advertised . my grandson loves it it gives him hours and hours of entertainment and fun . i would highly recommend this horse .
my daughter loves this doll , so do i . the dress is perfect , beauty long hair and great colors . doesn't include a lot of accessories ,
given as a gift and the little girl loved it , the sounds , and its a toy that can be passed down well made .
the book is excellent for learning and is hours of fun , however i hate how they're made out of paper and rip so easily !
i received about nine or so of the same canadian penny . altogether i had coins from around 22-23 different countries .
this is a very pretty doll . but it does not look like bella . still like adding her to collection . acceptable .
i got my son the mobigo 2 for christmas and he loves playing this game on it ! ! it is alot of fun and great for my 4yr old
purchased as christmas gift . arrived in timely manner and in perfect condition . seems like it iwll be a nice challenge for 7 and 4 year old brothers .
my daughter loves the nursery . however , as a parent parts of it were a big pain to put together . but , it's worth it .
my grand kids player with this forever when we 1st got it ... now they are busy with the pool . we love it ! ! !
just another woderful little girl lego set . my daughter just loves them and leaves them set up as a city .
my grandson loves his new jeep ! ! it is the perfect size for " driving " all over - - easily handled by a two year old .
my son loves to cook and was a little jealous of his sister's apron sets . this is perfect for him !
bought several of these to put gift cards in as xmas presents . everyone loved getting them and trying to get the maze right .
i did some research before i bought this cube . it was exactly what my grandson was looking for . the movement is very fast and smooth .
this was a really good buy . the stores in my area had all sold out and this was the only place i could find this set
the back of her legs do not have the cover that you see on the front . may not be suitable for children .
this toy was bought with other jake the pirate toys . our 2 1/2 year old loved all his pirate toys .
my grandsons , live and breath lego toys . so when i found this one i bought it and they were not disappointed ~
can't go wrong with a melissa and doug toy . this cute decorative cupcake set fits perfect with my children's uptown kitchen .
it's okay.got this as a gift . i like how it has various items that can be used by the kid writing on the diary .
my 4 year old grandson loves it . it came on time for christmas and is well built and sturdy . would buy again .
our granddaughter loves the gift , perfect for either boy or girl . but as a gift and something she wanted it was perfect .
the perfect barbie for any little girl ! my granddaughters will be getting these for christmas . and you sure cannot beat the price .
i ordered what the picture showed and got a box filled with 36 tiny dice . not suitable for young children . probably a mix up
great game , fun and easy to play ! helps to make a family night , or with friends complete . a real blast !
got for childs birthday party gifts for the kids , came quick , cute , priced well , the kids loved them . very happy
my toddler loves this toy and it is very entertaining . she likes putting the mail in the box and the sounds .
cute , but a waste of money in the end . my kid barely looks at it now . i would say hold your money . not worth it .
i ordered these for christmas to al along with the little people noah's ark set . animals are cute and will make it more fun .
i love this thing . it is fast , fun and very easy to fly in a large open area . i have become instantly addicted .
abbey is one of my favourite characters from the mh line . she has attitude and details that are to die for !
introduced shrinky dinks to a young child and she was just amazed athow it works ! it was a hit . perfect price--great product .
a featured game on tabletop with wil wheaton ( on the geek & sundry youtube channel ) , it was fun to play !
my 6 year old granddaughter will love this to go with her doodle bear . bought it for her christmas present .
this should provide hours of fun for my grandson ! superb quality product , nicely priced , well packaged , arrived quicker than expected . could not be happier .
gave to 5 yo daughter for christmas , only played once and doesn't seem interested in it . she is usually very into art .
great size people for my 5 year old nephew to hold and play with . made his christmas morning . quality is great too .
got this for my 7year old to start saving money and a year latter it still works like new . he loves it ! what more can i say
i buy a lot of the melissa and dough sticker pads . this one did not disappoint . the girls will play with them for hours . great product !
we gave these duncan yo yos to our grandsons to get them to learn a near skill . duncan is the classic yo yo .
omg ! ! this is so adorable my son loves it , now his beggin me to buy him all the mario bros plush .
this is a ton of good quality paints . there is a good variety of colors and a good amount of them all as well !
this is great . we purchased before prices started going outragous on . son loves to play with .
all wooden products for thomas are the best . they will last forever ! i would recommend these before the metal or plastic .
have not used it just waiting for him to need it . im sure he is going to play with it
it made quite a bit of gum , had easy to follow instructions , and was fairly easy to make . my kids and i enjoyed doing this together .
bought a peg board on advice of ot for my child . he enjoys pulling the pegs out and tries to stack them .
i bought this for my nephew as a gift . he called and told me he lobed it and it was a lot of fun .
perfect gift for my 7 year old grandson . he loves legos and can play with them for hours making all kinds of things .
i loved these but the princess was more interested in merida and the queen than the boys . it's a girl thing ! they are well-made and too cute !
a little challenging for a 7 year old , but very impactful and fun to chgange , especially after watching the movie .
kids of all ages will enjoy playing with these . it comes with a lot of soldiers.they are doing something different . for plastic toys they are well made .
this was a hit from the easter bunny . my kids prefer to just recreate the angry birds with the dough and not really launch them though .
ghouls rule abbey is a wonderful addition to my ever growing monster high doll collection . the gown she is wearing is so cute .
my son saw this at target for more than double the price . we got this for him for christmas and it's been one of his favorites .
i collect mice . this is one of my favorites . isn't it darling ! small , soft and realistic . she is so adorable !
bought this for my granddaughter who is 9 . she loves monster high and this series flows right in with that . provides many hours of enterrainment
my grand daughter loves this sandbox . she plays in it every day . it's just the right size for a small patio area .
cables work well so far . makes it easy to plug into a multimeter ands clamp onto wires to keep hands free
made of good quality material and stand up great . goes well with other dinosaurs if you are a collector . might buy more of these .
my daughter loves lps toy pets & she was very happy with this playset ! she plays with it all the time .
easy for a six year old to assemble on his / her own and a lot of fun to play with after it is built .
this is a great shake ' n go car . very realistic , my son loves it . i like the lightening mcqueen one better but this is great .
the sleeper gift lol my daughter was so excited with this set you would think it was her big gift
this mask is worth more than what you are going to pay for it.you will not regret purchasing this in the slightest . #somagical
great simple expansion , that works with any ticket to ride map . adds a new level of strategy to the game .
we haven't been able to use this yet . we bought it and plugged it in to make sure it worked . it works .
sticker was kind of hard to put on but overall good beyblade . it attacks and blocks . who knew ? lol me and my boy will def buy more
this is one of those toys you wish was around when you were a little girl ! my granddaughter loves playing with it for hours on end !
my daughter loved this at her birthday party . it stayed inflated for weeks after the party , and she kept playing and dancing with olaf .
this little tool set is well made and sturdy . love the girly colors and the eco friendly aspects of this toy as well .
my son loves collecting the switch ' n ' go dinos . he has several of them . they're all very fun and completely appropriate . excellent toys .
bought as a gift for my kids , they enjoy doing the experiments and it is easy to snap the parts into place .
these are fabulous . total coverage . easily washable . i bought a bunch for my son's class . i love these . you won't be dissapointed
so cute and works easily for little ones . saves the bottle of bubbles from being spilt and much easier for little ones to blow .
the kids love this , they are having hours of fun playing and learning with this leap frog . it was a good purchase .
very happy my son with this product , excellent recommend it are very well made toys , i like excellent i like
a bit of a challenge to build the armor , but fun , the rest of the build was simplistic , looks good on the shelf .
the kids like it in the tub . just large , thick stickers . costs alittle too much for what you get but i am just the adult .
great for my little guys as there is just one step to transform it from car to robot and vice versa .
my son loves them .. good size to play with .. easy to build and wished it had a motor like the carsnice to get this one
lego never disappoints ! this was exactly as described and the degree of difficulty matched the ages suggested.good model to use to interact with other city models .
i like that it gives you 2 different ways to play . you can make the ribbon longer or shorter to make it do different patterns . good quality .
this was just what my grand-daughter wanted to help set up her doll house . she loves palying with it , keeps her entertained .
got this for my for 5 year old son . he loves spongebob ( spongey as he calls him ) . this game is perfect for him ..
my girls are in in love with it , what you see is what you get . my 3 year old is so inlove ... thanks amazon
is like a dream this doll for my daughter , she wants more dolls of this type , thanks a lot , good .
kit for kids ! my granddaughter wasted no time getting to work with this . as a " lefty " she did find cutting the tape a bit difficult .
always can use an additional large building plate for a foundation of any building or city that a youngest is constructing out of their duplo blocks .
nice to have such bright colors and easy to use for the little ones . it is being used lots here .
this was a gift for my daughter and she loves playing this game with her cousins ! she loves to draw !
hello guys this is the review of dragon ball z s . h figuarets gohun ok his head ok his face is come many hands and heads
very cute . great addition to the little one's sticker collection . she love's her stickers and this was a great price .
this pair is cute . wasn't looking for anything in particular , just wanted to add a few to my sons collection .
lots of balls for lots of fun--glad i got the 200 balls . nice size and colors . the best part is the hamper--perfect for storage .
we got this for a friend's son , but looking at it before we wrapped it , it looks awesome and well made .
a creative game that not messy . be careful to put back the stix into a sealed bag to keep it from dry .
her knee wasn't jointed and there's a hole / slit there ... had to use a glue to fix it ... the doll is pretty nice though
my son loves them and good to see them back , good size to play with too.got all 4 now
great price for great product my son loves it , love that legs are removable so baby can play with it on floor and he doesn't stand yet .
i bought this as a gag gift to put in my husband's xmas stocking . it's worth the laugh , but quite honestly , it's overpriced .
yes girls ! they love to make aliens . great toy for a great price ! thanks amazon !
got these as stocking stuffers for my grandkids , , they are okay , they are cheaply made , but my grandkids love puppets .
this is a great little copter for the money withstands many crashes easy to learn how to fly i would recommend this to anyone
my son loves gamewright games and he loves this fast pace card game along with his all his other card games .
grandson wanted a train . he also like dinosaurs . so the 2 of them together made him very happy . which makes grandma very happy
good price , nice mix and match potential and extra clothes for your dolls . the quality is as good as the fashion found with the dolls . excellent !
this story is very good and entertaining . it's kid approved . it happens to be one of my son's top books to take with him when we travel .
very colorful , nice pretty large size , and bath toys are always a good deal if they don't fall apart . this buy was a success .
this toy is so cute and my 3 year old loves it but it needs a lego base plate to keep it in place .
very cute , but not for older toddlers . perfect size for my 18 month old but too small for my 3 year old
this was a gift to our grandson for christmas to help protect his leap frog pad ultragame.so it will stay nice in case he drops it .
learning resources products never let me down ! these ice cream cones are both education and fun to play with in their kitchen ! so fun !
molly bubble guppies plush is a perfect size to carry everywhere and is so soft and huggable that she goes everywhere with my granddaughter !
young grandchild cannot use the internet or follow these that way but these are just the right size for her and well constructed to avoid unintentional accidents .
would have given this 5 stars , but the cost made me go with 4 stars.oh well . great christmas present .
if you currently own cards against humanity , please invest in the expansion packs . for $ 10 , you're guaranteed many more hours of laughter !
lots of ponies in one set . that's a good thing . my daughter doesn't seem to care that they are small .
its not exactly the same as the candy land from when i was a kid but my 4 year old loves it all the same .
my nephew really enjoys playing with legos and was really happy when he opened his present . i would recommend this product .
anything involved with thomas train trackmaster is a bit hit in this house . our great-grandson loves the toy , so we love it too .
learning resources pretend & play cooking set is just what my 3 year old wanted it lets her play like mom
these are awesome ! they are big and well made . they light up so bright ! can't wait to give to my kids !
my son loves vehicles and he loves this toy . very sturdy and stands up against a two year old and two year old tantrums . very engaging toy !
this is a cool toy and will keep your little rugrat entertained and out of trouble . good durable quality and wont breat just cause it gets slammed down
my 4 year old loves her new pet . super cute and well made . no problems with the tail when brushed . would recommend this toy .
great construction , fun toy . stanley is a thomas and friends train that my grandson spends long periods of time playing with daily . wheels work easily .
these were sticking stuffers for christmas and this one moves very slowly . none of my kids are interested in this particular one .
we have so much fun playing it with the entire family , even the non reading children have fun performing the silly stunts .
it is very practical for books and tag storage . i am very happy with this purchase , fits about three book
well its easy to transport and take a few toys along for my daughter . lots of optiont around , but they seem to capture kids imaginations well .
it is very nice and just what my grandaughter wanted and it arrived in time for her birthday in two days .
the set was extremely small and my daughter only played with it once or twice before the cheap plastic started to bend or break
these work well with my son's brio train set . i love the wooden display case ! if only my son would learn to put them all away ...
should have bought two ! my grandson uses it all the time in his " laying down of tracks . " perfect addition to any one's set .
this is a really cute set , it arrived on time and it was perfect - my son loved it . great product !
kids enjoy the balancing game of removing fruit one piece at a time yo avoid all falling . oh , and they are working on refined grasp patterns too .
the kids enjoyed these at my daughters birthday party . they sent an even number of the colors and they were packed well and did not get crushed
my kids and i were not impressed by this moon . wish i wouldn't have purchased it . i would not recommend .
our 7 year old loves anything angry birds , and this was no exception . this can be used as a stand alone , or interchangeably with other sets .
this are adorable . i love the fact that they're machine washable , they're soft and they're pull-backs . they're bright and colorful .
i bought as a christmas gift for my two year old nephew . not what i expected , but still a cute phone .
great , large size sticker book with nice variety , size and quantity of stickers . learning fun and creative activity combined for lots of fun .
as always , thomas trains are great . my son is getting this train in his stocking for christmas but i know he is going to love it !
classic , fun counting game for toddlers . you can usually purchase these classic milton bradley games for close to nothing during the holidays .
our jr highers really enjoy playing group game with these . the different noises are always a surprise that they enjoy .
these smell like oil . i thought it would be a good deal but not worth it . buy a different brand .
great set of track that worked well with our thomas set . you need lots of track with twins and triplets in the house ! well worth the investment !
love the action figure ! it's hanging on my wall with the others along with the posters i've collected ! blood n guts !
bought it for a 1 yr old . he loves it . keeps him entertained for long periods of time . recommended toy .
i purchased two of these for my five and seven year old sons to play with . i like them so much that i purchased additional ones for my nephews
she loved it ... and yes . it was for a girl ! she loves dinos and everything about animals . castle dragon is also a great toy
still on the first part of the game , but the graphics , and the story got me trapped already . really great game
i love this and would buy it again . purchased this for my two grandsons since they were disappointed in the boxing glove set that came without a stand .
angry birds star wars 5 " plush - chewbacca - thank you , the item will fit well with my build a bear collection
this is a quality product and a very fun puzzle . my grandson loves trucks , so this puzzle was perfect for him .
perfect for my 5 year olds to be able to build themselves . the instructions are simple enough , and offer several different patterns .
my grand-daughter and i enjoy having little pretend tea parties with this set . it is colorful and nothing is sharp .
our 22 month grandson absolutely loves to play with his sister's kitchen set . so when we saw this we knew it was the perfect gift for him !
we love all of these cars ! they make noise and light up and make playing with the track an even more interactive experience !
i have gotten several of these puzzles for gift cards . it is a fun addition to this kind of gift
the helicopter was purchased as a christmas present for my nephew . he loves itthe controls take a little bit to get use to
my son really wanted this guy for his b-day so i was happy to find it here , he loves it and is very happy with it !
this would be a much funner device if it was louder . you cannot hear it in a work environment unless you are right on top of it .
i loved this , my granddaughter loved this and her mother used one when she was young too , great product
bought this for my nephew and he just loves the light . super cute toy and worth the price i paid !
this toy is a favorite with every kid that visits us ! such a simple toy but it's so great for fine motor skills . we love this one !
kids seem fairly entertained on this . i would say this is definitely for 3 and under . any child older will not find this thrilling
my grand daughter loves her new leap frog . this game is helping her to learn . dora the explorer is great for her .
excellent , my grand kids love their scout and really enjoyed looking for her each and every day ! thank you a + + +
i was honestly surprised that the seller give me the limited version game fun makes you feel like you want that world to real
i hate that you can't turn off the sound . other than that it's actually cute & kids really love it .
this was a 1st birthday present for my son . great starter bike that grows with your child . low to the ground to minimize falls .
my grandkids love these animals that come in the toob . it is great learning for them and to know each of the animals .
love the game . it is a logic game , challenging , and a lot of fun . my children really enjoy playing with it .
order was on time . they seem sturdy and hard to crush . no chemical smell . they even threw in a free gift !
these are awesome figurines . the detailing is a great as you can get it without handpainting by a professional . and they're cheap . i love papo .
worked as advertised . it is a paper roll so can't add to much more detail then that . the kids can even change it out .
alie did not disappoint . she arrived quickly and is a very welcome addition to my collection . she's not my favorite but she's still really cute . =d
this is just a normal lego plate so nothing much to write abt . got this online for my son as its cheaper then sold in my country .
we felt like we were in france as we worked this puzzle with the artichokes , cheese , bread , etc . ravensburger quality is always the best !
this is a good toy for my 1 year old with down syndrome . lots of color and sounds to stimulate him . not annoying for me ! :)
my grand son was so excited when he opened this christmas gift . he had wanted jenga for a long time .
my 8 yro daughter gave this to my 11 yro daughterhe's really bright and colorful ! perfect for a boy or girl
these are a stocking stuffer for my 7yr old . i am sure she will be happy to add this to her ag doll wardrobe
requested by granddaughter for christmas . she is getting the house and her mother suggested that this would be a good gift .
these were a great asset to the party , everyone took one home in their gift bags . lots of fun for the price
definitely cute . i got this to be a part of an entire collection that i ordered for my daughter's first birthday .
my son loves his ninja turtles , plays with them all the time ! great gift for kids ! great price and great product !
bought for my 2 year old and she loves it . hours of fun playing with , we leave it out and never put it away !
a game where you flip pieces trying to make matches this will help children remember people and things my nieces love it
the kids loved these ! i bought several sets and aside from 1 of the 20 being switched on in transit , they were all working .
this series of legos was my sons favorite set . he has so much fun playing with them . he almost has all of them .
my grandson loves sharks so this was a big hit with him . he love the fact that you can make so many different things with just one boat
fun party favors for a kids birthday party . enough of a variety for trading and they are gender neutral . who doesn't like aliens ?
i purchased once upon a monster for my 4 year old son . since we've received it , he has played the game nearly every day and loves it .
my nine year old loves it . to me , the best part is that it is a three in one kit occupying lots of constructive building time .
purchased this with the creationary lego set . i was so glad to find it as many stores are out ! my granson loves having the additional pieces !
so far so good . we have had this for about a month . kids and adults love it . cute , durable , fun . good buy .
softie train depot play set ... it's not small and you could add dozens of more little matchbox cars etc ... and take it places ... great idea !
this bus was given to a 5 year old as a birthday gift . he loves truck and i thought this would be different !
great quality ! we hung this from the bottom of our very tall deck . she loved swinging in this when she was a baby !
bruner sells excellent quality products . their attention to detail is astounding . great german craftsmanship , their toys will last a long time .
they keep begging to play it again and we are just too busy ! i like all the variations of the game to change it up .
the grandkids go through these in about three month and then they need more . how can you play without a lightsaber !
cute , but if it wasn't christmas , i wouldn't have paid the price for it . it seemed to be small for a hot wheel , too .
these are cute and fun . if you expose them to natural sunlight they will grow very brightly , even when it isn't dark .
i have never met a kid that did not love recieving webkinz ! great gifts any time of the year . what a cute turtle this one is ! !
food items for the budding young chef's kitchen , fruit & veggies just like from mom & dads garden to add to his creations .
my kids just love legos but we were afraid our youngest would try to put the tiny pieces in her mouth . these are perfect .
they are a little larger than i expected , but the kids loved them . we placed them on top of cupcakes to celebrate a birthday at school .
this mosaic makes a very pretty and engaging gift for a girl 6 - 10 years old . the girl i gave it to loved it !
love this game . much harder to beat than forbidden island . the moving storm makes every game different . super solid family game .
who wouldn't love these adorable furry little creatures ? my 9 year old certainly does , and she makes for a great bedtime buddy too !
good game . my kids are 4 and 5 and like to play . it is easy to understand yet challenging for them .
the two granddaughters loved these voice changers . of course , all the adults had to try them and have their fun , too .
pain to open up , but everything was there and good teaching tool for a picky eater ! ! ! just very hard to open .
my kids love these plates . come in multiple sizes so that you could build something big or something small . wonderful !
there is not much more to say . the kids love them and they are just easy to blow bubbles with.perfect for a lot of bubble fun !
colorful , reusable sticker fun with animals and their habitats for all preschooler animal lovers ! combines educational and creativity activity for hours of fun !
my granddaughter really likes this for her doll she will pretend they are going to school or to the park and with things in the back pack
it worked well with our party decorations . we didn't light it , it was more for looks , although my 12 month old tried to eat it .
this box is much smaller than the picture seems to appear . it's worth buying at the discounted price it's usually offered at , but not at full price .
it was one of her fac christmas gifts ! ! ! i like it as well , very cute ! it is a very neat item .
we basically use this expansion for the extra tiles , which do add some fun options . the reality is that the new rules aren't used , however .
arrived in plenty of time for christmas in good condition . pj's are made of good quality material and the perfect size for my granddaughter's doll .
my son loves this balls.he uses them with another toys we have , a dinosaur that you put the ablls in and it lights put and plays music .
using this no mess marker and paper set will be a lot of fun for our grandaugher and ease cleanup .
one of many 7 " jellycats we have . they are so soft & snuggly . there are bigger sizes , but we prefer the smallest ones .
we ordered two sets and probably need a third . they are cheap , cute , and functional . fun for the bath as well as their purpose .
love the quality of these fruits . they are solid which is important for my 3 1/2 year old who chews everything ! he can't destroy these .
this was a christmas gift for our grandson 1st . christmas , he was only 22 days old on christmas day . can't wait for him to use this .
bought for my 3 yr old granddaughter ; fun . several can play at once and it does not require reading skills :)
this omnitrix is very cheap and fantastic i recommend you but before you buy it you should know that the ring of the omnitrix can't move 360
i bought this toy on sale and i believe it was a terrific value for the toy . everything seems to work well . i would highly recomment this toy
they look very good for the price , a fun treasure that can be shared with all his friends . not one child would refuse these cool jewels .
i love the duality of this gift ! radio-controlled over land and water , my grandson will love it ! . excellent design , too .
what flightless bird can cause so much trouble ? holy iceberg batman ... it's the penguin ! you'll need more that fish to capture this slippery scoundrel !
love the doll ! love her look . must have for the collector ! her hair is different and perfect . i love the outfit .
my granddaughter loves the glow in the dark bands . i purchased these as a christmas gift for her and it was a big hit .
purchased for my 6 yr old grandson and 3 yr old brother ! ! they love it ! ! we launch marshmallows and other small items from the catapult .
my kids are so excited about these . they're fun and functional . makes for a fun story and play time :-)
the perfect size and weight for a bean bag toss . :) the colors are bright and festive . we were 100 % happy with our purchase .
super cute ! lots of summer fun , and i think we can add large brown cardboard gingerbread men for the holidays !
great collectors item not good for play . t rex arms were lost in 15 minutes . my son who is exceptional with his transformers was devastated .
the pictures do not do these gowns justice . they are gorgeous and well made . i am very pleased with this purchase and would highly recommend them .
the goodie games abc cookie games are a great way for little ones to work on thier abc's . these are great !
this is a good game to help with learning while having fun . my daughter is a huge spongebob fan so this helps her want to learn as well .
arrived quickly , and nephews loved the gift ! would highly recommend for any children who love the angry birds and / or star wars .
my son who is 2 , loves dora but especially boots . a must have if your child watches this fun cartoon .
my 3 yr old loves daniel tiger he will love this . so much like mr . rogers he mother loved him .
these are on the supply list for my kindergartener . no more having to clean up crayon wrappers or broken crayons .
this was a stocking stuffer so it was alot of fun to play with christmas morning . it reminded me of childhood when they were popular .
we ordered two of these blasters for our 5 and 7 year old kids . they love them , and work well .
not because it was a bad game bought for family and were not a very big game family loved the concept though
if you love angry birds , you are going to love the star wars version ! who doesn't want to chuck a bird holding a lightsaber ?
a present for a grandson . he loved them ! made his day ! they were much cheaper than purchasing in a store .
purchased this for our nephew who collects all different sorts . he didn't have this one yet . laughed out loud when he got it .
i bought this for my granddaughter's birthday since she loves the monster high dolls . she was very excited to get this doll , and seems to enjoy it .
bought this because it was super cheap . not great for my 2year old . hasn't really played with it . other kids might like it though .
exactly what i wanted to add to my grand children's set of thomas trains which i set up.thank you .
very good toy , goes best ( travels the farthest ) on hard surfaces . bright colors and beads in the wheel hub caps are good attention items .
these little people are well made and go well with other jake the pirate toys . you can alway count on fisher-price to make play time fun .
the kids are learning their alphabet and having fun , they are also trying to learn to write and this helps out a lot .
i bought this for my grandson for his 10th birthdayhe loves it , has put it together and is part of the family minecraft collectionwould recommend to lego fans
this doll is really cute and my daughter really enjoys playing with her . i'd recommend her for any minnie mouse fan out there !
my 2yr old daughter loves this doll house . her 4 yr old and 8 yr old cousins enjoy playing with it too !
my daughter loves these dolls ! they are good quality and have quite a bit of detail . very good buy , no complaints .
book is wonderful ! and loved by my 3 year old who loves jake and his friends ! i would buy many more of these books
these magformers magnetic building construction set pieces were an instant hit with our grandaughter , and with her older cousin . both played repeatedly with this set .
it's well made and kind of cute , but baby gets really bored with it . the bubble mowers seem more interesting .
our 2 year old loved this . i love that you can switch it to " try me " mode and it wont bark very long .
it is the cutest and a great travel companion at night . soothing lulaby is an added plus ! perfect size for him to hug at night !
kids and adults had a fun time with this on vacation . we will take the cards along again next summer .
this was a favorite for my son . good to chew on , easy to grab and fun to shake . it went everywhere with us .
its cute and adorable , made with good quality , the niece loves it . perfect gift idea . good price for the size not disappointed .
these fisher-price dollhouse add-ons are great accessories for my daughter's doll house . they are an essential part of the dollhouse and are a must have .
my son poked a hole it in day one . i had to throw it away . it's not the fault of the product . it didn't advertise indistruciable .
very cute ! this is my children's favorite set . they hold up well and can withstand being chewed on by younger children .
this casing is very strong and durable it holds my daughter tablet with ease and protects it from accidential falls
this is not included with the tablet and is very useful if you don't want to keep buying batteries . sold separately from the innotab 2
i bought this pillow pets frog for my grandson for valentine's day . he loves it , but it does tend to shed somewhat .
he's very into the techie toys and he loves this one . we both recommend it . ( btw - he's 9 yrs old ) .
love this with the wheels and handle . it will be a great birthday gift for my grandson to store his car collection
my son is in love with this chair . he can't wait to go on a picnic to use this chair
my daughter loves this doll . the fur she has on is very soft . she was a bit pricey , but overall a good value .
aside from losing the parts all over the house , my son loves every play aspect of this toy . it gets a lot of play .
bought this for my nieces 1st bday & turned out to be a hit . recommend this for any child boy or girl .
i buy these for my granddaughter and she loves them . the girls play with these all the time . nice that they have some especially for girls now .
she loved it ! ! ! very nice ! ! ' she loved it so sweet . xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxx xxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxx
out kids love this . perfect for traveling , kids to play with before bed , or just everyday use - crawl in the closet to play with it !
no complaints . came in cleanly and plays just like seen on table top on youtube . would recommend for a party game
my great-granddaughter just loves this . soft and cuddly and washable . just love this for my great granddaughter . thank you so much
yes , an excellent product for a 9 year old girl . it was an excellent addition to her doll house using lego's .
my kids love little pet shops and they really loved this ! i think it's a great value for the money and was pleased with my purchase .
my son is 3 1/2 and daughter is 6 . they like it and i like it better than watching tv
it does take real pictures . it has a few cool ( to a 3 year old ) games . get rechargable batteries though . hint hint .
honestly , who doesnt need some more goofiness and smiles in their life these days ? these are sure to brighten anyone's day !
my daughter keeps her disney babydoll in this and holds her well , she never falls out ! and so cute for the little mommies out there !
the kids in my daycare tell me this is the coolest game ever . they have a lot of fun looking for the objects during the game .
this is a great toy for children and adult kids . love that the lips and eyes move and that he sings and dances . great product .
this item was a bit smaller than i thought it would be . it is still an ok item and the kids have had lots of fun with it .
got this as a holiday gift and my nephew loves it . plus mommy loves how easy it is to hose down if it gets rained on outside .
bought this for my granddaughter for christmas and she loved it . it's a great little karaoke machine ! shipped fast ! on time for christmas
love these toys ... the grandsons love them and i do too . they're easy to transform and don't cause them frustration . they stay at grandma's house .
my son saw this at a friend's house and had to have it , so we tracked it down , and are glad we did .
if you like annoying toys then this is a great one to get . plus grover is so loud that my kids can't be heard when using the microphone .
pretty flimsy , but it was inexpensive , so it's good enough for light crafting in our house with a two year old .
my son likes digging ! after that , this kit teaches you to brush , wash , dry and categorize . great way to teach kids the process !
good gift for little kids my son recites his abc ' ; s all the time now while he plays with these they are a great learning tool
colors go really fast because my daughter loved blending the colors together and super easy to wash off no matter what it go on .
my daughter was excited when she saw this ! this is a nice bright color balloon . the size is just right , not to small or big .
these aren't professional bongos , and they're not low quality toys either . they sound great and stand up to use by kids . a wonderful activity .
this tablecloth is made of paper but very sturdy . i actually cut it in half and used it on two tables because it was so large .
i recoomend this 3d skull puzzle as a fun but challenging gift your teen or pre teen to assemble over and over.these 3d puzzles are the ultimate stocking stuffer .
i bought this for my great nephew for a christmas present and he really loved it , and watching him play with it was worth buying it .
total junk is all it was ! the balls didn't pop out the the pigs mouth without alot of force . wouldn't recommend for anyone to buy .
this is awesome my daughter is enjoying playing with it . she talks to the animals she loves the fact she can put the pieces back in
we had bought a similar set for another grandson who really liked it . the set is very colorful and can be set up in many different ways .
when he saw splinter he had wanted this toy for a while i bought it for christmas and he loves it ! !
my grandson loves thomas trains . he has several take n play sets and has so much fun with them . i would definitely recommend this one .
needed more cars for the dual launcher set , which only came with one car . very cute - cars with personality .
i bought this for my autistic son but my youngest 2 year old toddler loves this puzzle too.this will help to put the letters together for spelling .
ms . p loves her easel and this helps her and her mama enjoy drawing and painting together with ease and no hassles !
my grandsons requested this toy and were so excited that they got it that haven't stopped playing with it and getting everyoneto get involved with them
it's all about education my granddaughter is 22 months and she enjoys her peel and play a lot . great buy !
these are nice shapes and increase play and imaginative value at a good price had a hard time finding different magnetic shapes so theses worked nicly
love love this no mess marker , it only mark on the paper it come with just what i was looking for .
this is a gift so i don't know as yet weather or not my granddaughter will like it - christmas present
who doesn't want a cuddly t rex ? my 3 year old loves it . good quality . soft and cute . :) ;)
this toy was great when our daughter was 8 months or so and up . she lost interest at about 2 .
gits leapad 2 well . durable and protects lepad from minor drops . would recommend to others who have a lepad . excellent product
kanoodle never bores you and it is always challenging you ! my students play it when they are done with their work and they love it !
i got this for my daughter's school holiday party and it worked out perfect . the kids loved all the items included .
this doll is fine , but come on how many barbies can a girl have . the price of this doll is a bit high for my liking .
my toddler loves this . i don't like that it collapses so easily . but all in all it's great . adult supervision required while children play in here .
these are great starter sets . they can add more habitats to them . the set comes with a little nano bug !
is a present for my 9 year old girl and i'm looking forward to watching her play with it . is a great addition to our barbie world
best play food i've found so far . really impressed with the quality and texture of the food . i would highly recommend any of the learning resources food .
this is a good toy for the car seat . lots to look at and preoccupy her till we get where we are going .
this will be a birthday gift for my nephew . he will be 1 yrs old . hopefully he will love it .
this was a great gift for my granddaughter for christmas and she really loved it . it was a great hit .
my nephew sees his mommy and daddy working in the garden and now he has his own tools to help . he loved these !
i ordered this coat last year as a christmas gift for one of my granddaughters . it was lovely . i would buy it again .
little hands have no problem stringing these beads . has become a favorite toy at our house . i would recommend it to anyone .
this is a great bundle for the cost , however the paint brushes come apart easy however we are going to try to super glue it back on .
hard to find cute play set . kids love it and completed our disney planes set . these are bigger than the normal ones but still fun
thanks lego to start doing attractive toys that stimulate our childrenthey have to concentrate , to thnik , to take it eassy to construct each toy
my children really enjoy playing this game . it is fun and appropriate even for 4 year olds . the older ones enjoy it too .
my granddaughters play with this only once in a while and the microphone shorted out almost immediately . typical for made in china junk .
returned this for refund because the launcher would not work . should have believed other reviewers who had trouble with it .
great to play with middle school students who need to work on their vocabulary or forming sentences . it's funny , simple and well made .
she is 9 months old and this was one of her favorite christmas toys . i highly recommend for a toddler .
very simple game with very short rule book . took 5 minutes to learn , 10 minutes to play . great replay value !
my young children can't get enough of this gag . we take it to other people's homes . it never gets old ... for a child .
excellent for teaching children lower and upper case letters . my daughter has autism and learned her upper and lower case letter pretty fast by using this product .
i love all the melissa & doug food sets . they are well made , sturdy and fun to play with . my toddler loves them .
my grandsons adre that toy . is very stable and the programmes very amuzing . i don ` t expected a toy so interesting .
got this for my grandaughter for christmas / she liked it and immediately named her anna . now she has playmates , allie and sally .
this set is terrific ! it has everything to play school . my daughter started kindergarten this year and she really enjoys playing with this set .
this is a great transformer for a toddler . easy to switch between the truck and to optimus especially for a 2 yr old .
couldn't have found a more perfect gift for a 2 year old . he would sit and play with it for a long time
these were really cute and made well . they fit the american doll and looked cute with her pajamas . i would recommend these .
great toy and will be played with for years to come . it went great with the truck too love it
to say my 13 year old daughter is crazy about lord of the rings is putting it mildly . she absolutely loved this set of legos .
this is another color combo we did for camo , a little darker in shades but great never the less , also good for amazon adventures at the zoo
love the packaging and concept , but gameplay gets old pretty fast . turn it into a drinking game to get more excitement out of it !
takes time to learn and play . moves faster and keeps players more active than other hardcore strategy games . faster to play than through the ages .
i bought this item as a gift was very satisfied on how quickly it came . i would recommend to others .
my 2 year old loves animals and loves the zoo so this has been a big hit . i would recommend .
this is a fun game for all ages . this has provided hours of entertainment when visiting with the inlaws . travels well too !
this thing didnt make it 5 min . the claw is a non functional piece of junk.dont waste your money .
my grandaughter seems to enjoy it , it helps her learn and she has fun playing with it as well.highly recommend
my daughter had this as a child and wanted it for her son to play with . he loves it ! we love it !
perfect toy for babies discovering how to shake their hands around . jordan loves grabbing these and making noises with them .
the kids love this puzzle they play it over and over . it is nice size and the pieces are easy to handle .
the kids loved this item and spend much time playing with it . the item was packed and shipped as advertised .
this was my grandson's favorite ! great for younger kids . my 6 yr . old grandson was very happy with it ! great toy !
my grand daughter - - she loved it ! these monster high dolls are big hits ! highly recommend for gifts or just cause
can be connected to a larger gun ... i think my grandson's father likes it the most ! ! !
huge book full of lots of stickers . great for small kids learning the alphabet or arts and crafts projects , etc .
good detail , looks great . the glasses suppose to move up and down . this is also a must have for the collection and bat signal .
bought this for my 18 month old granddaughter who just loves yo gabba gabba . she has all the characters but brobee is her fav .
these are pretty flimsy glasses but for a dj dance party they were good enough and the kids loved them .
the fishing started off good and then my son turned the board over and ran with the fishing hook ... no more fishing for now .
thomas and friends trains by learning curve are well constructed , nice color , wheels work easily . grandson spends long periods of time playing with his trains .
grandson loves all mario dolls . reenacts motionsof characters in the games with his mario dolls.perfect size and coloring .
very easy for small children to use . fun . when on music mode it has 26 different songs ( one for each letter ) . great toy .
my kids are literally addicted to these little rubber bands ! the last kit i got sucked . this one has better quality rubber bands that don't break !
makes our little one feel like she can be on the phone . it is very cute . sings , makes sounds , says numbers .
bought as a gift . this product gets two thumbs up . would recommend to a friend . great value . wonderful quality . a +
son wanted a ninja turtle toy . it is small , but gets the job done . i hope to get the rest of the gang .
bought this and other accessories , very sturdy , good for 2 , 3 or 4 yr olds and very colorful , easy to stand
it is a heavy beyblade it's extremely over prised but the attack type stadium makes it unstoppable i give it 5 stars
my 21 month old granddaughter loves minnie mouse ! i was so happy to find a this-a perfect fit for her !
this is a lovely doll . nice size . my 9 year old granddaughter loves it . they are a bit pricey to me .
these things are a lot of fun for kids of all ages . a little more advanced than other mini rc helicopters .
my niece ania loves this cute little pink bag ! she goes everywhere with this thing on her back . kids know a great thing when they see it !
works awesome for the kids inno tab 2.keeps the younger ones from messing around with the buttons and holes on the sides .
my 6 year old loves playing this with dad and grandma . it is good fun for all ages and is very sturdy .
addded it to the princess castle - my daughter enjoys having extra figures and the horses are very cute - -
absolutely delightul ! my young grandson was thrilled wih his new pal . seems very durable . thanks for the suggestion just in time for christmas
these erasers fall apart after one or two uses . they are cute-but they don't last long !
my daughter's fave piece of dollhouse furniture is the armoire . she puts all of the dolly clothes in it with hangers .
this is a great basic cube to give to a kid who is just starting out . it turns well and will last a good amount of time .
my three year old son really likes it . all the pieces make me a little nervous but overall it is a great game .
great model from a great series . very good detail and plenty of fun building and collecting the series . my nephew loves the series !
so this is one of the ones our local game group shows up for every time lol . lots of fun and the expansions just make it better .
i think we own about everyone in the store . although my son could probably find one he doesn't have yet ! we love these toys !
our grandaughter plays with it daily and now we are getting more zoobles for christmas presents . well made and durable - fun toy .
it's difficult to figure out how to get clothes on & off . directions very limited . also difficult to discern which goes with which .
nice stocking stuffer for my 3 year old . i worry about the durability of it but so far so good . -
this is a toy economic , various toys without batteries , i recommended this stuff will love for your kids and yours
my son loved this and wants another one . he is 7 and thought it was cool to feel like a real archeologist .
my husband and i are 30 , we don't have kids yet , but we buy these calendars for ourselves as a fun count down to christmas .
my daughter loves these because they fit all of her barbie dolls . they are colorful and there are plenty for the money .
my 3 year old lovvvved this product ! had so much fun she did not want to share ! i would definitely buy this again .
i bought these for my youngest grandson's room . this is great because he won't outgrow the decorations as quickly . they went on easy and are super cute .
i purchased this for my granddaughter and she really liked it . was nice and fluffy and very hugable . i was very glad i got it for her .
looked great on my sons first giant cup cake loved that it came in on time and in great condition would by again if needed to
great quality bands . looks really nice ! silver color is outstanding , my daughter is very happy with product . thanks you again . fast shipping also
now the american girl doll has more leotards to practice gymnastics , this is a great fit and made well for the doll .
this is very cute for the money and my grandson will like this and i am sure play with this at christmas
expected lego quality . vibrant colours , good variety of shapes and print patterns . looking forward to baby getting developmentally more ready .
we own most every product from green toys , but this one takes the cake . a pink dump truck ! ! it's really durable and made in usa !
we play it every chance we get and will continue to buy any and all expansion packs.recommend buying the extra card sets the manufacturer puts out too .
well made toy . surprised at how life-like it was painted . grandson loves it . i would recommend this toy . thanks for true advertising .
my two sons , one is 6 and the other 2 , love these swithc-and-go dinos . we are having to buy multiples .
my eight year old has been begging me for this for years and was so excited to get it for christmas . fun for the whole family to play !
bandai has done it again.the detail is incredible , the points of articulation are great as well.if you're a fan of godzilla movies , you will love this .
best easter egg filler ever . sons were so tickled to find these easter morning . they are just big enough not to be choke able .
it is a good thing to have considering the leapad goes through far too many batteries . i am happy with my purchase .
this turned out to be quite a great pre-christmas treat for my son , who diligently opened each door every morning ! highly recommended !
christmas present is for granddaughter . i'm sure she will love it . it looks well made and color is great . anything that is shiny and sparkles ..
my granddaughter , who is five , likes to pretend she is a princess . she loves this mirror . it was fun decorating it .
it was bought as a christmas gift . as long as the kid , i'm giving it to , likes it i'm happy !
this slide is perfect for the 2 and 4 years old toddler . the item is very sturdy and very easy to assemble .
my 3 yr old granddaughter asked for a dragon for christmas so i thought this was adorable . she loved it .
my granddaughter loved using this portfolio and enjoys being able to design clothes by herself.it has a good variety of samples .
typical dart refills . the colors help seperating our daughter's from her brother's . good quality compared with the usual refills from nerf .
adorable cats.bought because of the calico cat.the cats faces could be a little nicer looking but it is ok for the price
seems a lot smaller that i thought it was .. tiny box .. for a christmas gift .. though it would be a lot more
my grandsons love this and the other green toys i purchased . it does not always float upright though in our swimming pool .
this is an awesome game to play with a fun laid-back group of people . there is always a great combo that leaves the table crying of laughter .
this is a great gift to go along with the rainbow loom . the bands are good quality and there are many different colors .
my friends grand son loves dora and swiper the fox . his imagination goes wild with this and swiper . good item .
it's a very nice doll bathrobe and my granddaughter is delighted with it and all the other items she got .
by going by the pictures this looked much bigger then it actually is . i should have read the measurements . otherwise it seems okay , just small .
my grandsons love anything " manly " and this certainly qualifies . it keeps them quiet and busy for hours . all of the series are great buys .
i got these for christmas presents this year . a little early i know . they look very cool and hope they hold up
easy to install and protects my child's leappad from the frequent drops onto our hardwood floors . the purple color is vibrant and cheerful .
little scientist loves it ! ! he has found more things inthe house to view and study . it is simple , but shows magification fairly well .
this is a great learning tool and our grandson who is now 4 loves it . it does much more than i ever expected .
this take-n-play was one of 4 ordered for my nephew to add to his collection . well made and would recommend .
my little girl loves polly and she loves water . a perfect combo with this product . sturdy and very durable . a +
looking for tiny stocking stuffers for the kids this year ! i love these . they arrived promptly and a in great shape . thank you so much !
my granddaughters are having a great time with these making bands forall their friends and family . they work great
very happy with these . my daughter has not had any problems using these . they are sturdy and have held up well be used again and again !
the children love these colorful little bath toys . they make bathtime more fun . they are adorable !
this will be great for role play games with the little ones - much more like the real thing than many !
from the pic i thought they were larger but the are actually a small hand toy , great for gift bags , i'm using mine as mardi gras throws ..
i was not happy with this . there seem to be poor instruction and the cards that are delt seem to be repeating them selves .
i couldn't stop playing this game the first day ! it is easy to learn , but hard to learn strategies for . love it !
as with all monster high my daughter loves them , they are cute but don't offer any real educational value but they get played more than barbies at this house
you might order one of these in advance . pretty easy to bend them past repairable in just a few crashes .
my daughter loves this doll . she is well build and great design . she is definitely one of my daughter's favorites .
my toddler loves these toys . plays with them daily . would recommend them to anyone - good for both boys and girls .
my son likes to do magic but has trouble doing complicated tricks , this is perfect for simple and easy tricks and is very reasonably priced !
i love anything made by melissa and doug . they are the bomb . perfect toys for toddlers and up . you'll never be disappointed with their merchandise .
this is a toy nothing more nothing less . it is not built to last . and it was a bit awkward to use .
zoo talkers are great and so much fun . all my kids ages 1 , 3 , & 5 love them and our little people zoo .
good small heli . i got one and liked it and turned around and bought two more . real good heli for beginners . ronnie
i got rick for christmas and am now adding to my collection . well made and not expensive . look cute on a shelf in my bedroom .
these are a good product ... but feel they should be listed for younger children ... more like 6mo . s to a year ... well made ...
bought this for my grand-daughter's first birthday . she loves the sounds and music and is actually learning from it . is perfect for little ones .
this was a gift for my 1-1 / 2 - year-old granddaughter . it's sturdy and the wheel placement makes it stable for her . she loves it .
i have ordered many ' thomas ' products from amazon and never had a problem . this bridge was no exception . my son is very happy with it .
this is great for travel , but it is much smaller than we anticipated . regardless , our girl likes it and uses it in the car .
got it for my niece for christmas , the whole family loves it . now , i have to get one for my household as well .
these cards can keep the fun going with cards against humanity . they allow more variety to the playing and help to keep the game fresh ! ! !
my 10 y / o grandson especially loves all the star wars legos . this is a great addition to the lego collection .
cheap enough-cute , lightweight and fits a 2 yr . old well enough to last at least 6 mos or more ... quality above average .
this poodle has seen better days and needs to be made better and much more adorable .
it is a fun game , but they only played it for a few days . there is also no compartment to hold the smaller items .
super soft and cuddly ! i got this as a free gift with a purchase around christmas time . my daughters love it !
my daughter loves dora and i have to hear about this cartoon everyday i had to buy dora she was wrapped wonderfully !
just your average lego blocks . works great for imaginative play . but 650 is not as many as you would think .
my grand daughter makes bracelets and this is the school colors and she takes them to school . she loved the color .
we were very pleased with this set as there was a good variety of different trucks and they all seemed reasonably well made .
this is a great gift for any child that loves to play with cars . the track is easily assembled and compresses for storage .
these are great teachers for the little ones . i feel good when i purchase something that inspires my grand kids and this was another hit .
who doeant like deadpool . and not the one from the wolverine movie but the actual deadpool . hes awesome and resting on my tv stand with the others .
adorable little animals . i like them because they are well made and look real . i would definitely recommend purchasing them .
this game is so much fun for family game night or just for a party and whatever else . it is very fun and not too challenging for younger players
i got this train on sale for around $ 5 - - what a steal and my boys love them ! ! they even sleep with them .
purchased this to go with grandchild's first doll . she loves it and spends hours playing with it . thanks for providing great service and gift .
very cute and perfect for little hands . can't wait to see him play with it at the beach . can't beat m & d products .
hy granddaughter ( autumn ) is like a tom boy . she loves lego's and trucks and cars . think she'll be the future engineer .
she plays with this all the time along with all her other lalaloopsy products . all fit together as instructed , and have stayed together through hours of play .
nice gift . bought for my nephew who loved the gift . only wished it came with two cars instead of one ... given auntie didn't buy extra ...
i ordered these for a kids party . it was a big hit , kids and adults loved it . worth the price , definitely recommend it .
baby can not put the whole thing together but the parts are also a fun ! this piramid can be a bowls , a balls , and many other things
i bought this for my 6 year old and it's been a hit . she'll sit and just pull it and mold it .
i wouldn't recommend unless you wanted to build up your clone army or wanted to get more droidekas . the command center is utterly useless .
my granddaughter is very social so she especially likes to play this game with family and all of her little friends .
overall a nice bath toy . the bubble maker has a tendency to get stuck and does not produce too many bubbles but my kids enjoy it .
good heli if you change the battery for a 7.4 v 2200mah 20c lipo and get a tail blade from a skyking 8500,8501 heli .
my son loves these boats . the only complaint he has is that they don't link together well - they come apart easily
it's well made . my 4 - years-old son loves it ! good size for the little hands to take along with . nice color
we got this toy and we can break in so when i come home i know what time of the break in . buy this real badly .
this bath toy is fun . my 18 month old really likes it ( in and out of the tub )
i gave this 3 stars because even though they seem to be made well , they are expensive and they dont fit into the little house .
funny stuff , one of the better card games i have played . you have to have a sense of humor . not for some people
kiddo and her friends love taking them apart , and building more . so , this is a definite great item for those into monster high dolls .
super cheap and he plays with them forever . not as good as lego , but better than the other knockoffs . pretty good .
this doll is so beautiful and perfectly put together ! a real must for any true monster high fan ! the best price is at target !
got this for my grandson , he works very nice , him and his dad love to go out into the meadow and blast the rockets off .
our 2 year old really likes this ferry boat with the two cars . she played with it a lot even before it went into the bath with her !
this classic version of monopoly is very similar to the original version . i loved monopoly as a child . still do .
my boys love their cars toys they got for their birthday . fits hands perfectly ! found cheaper at walmart later but oh well .
if your little ones really love dinosaurs , this is the perfect bath play toy . in the summer it can be used in the pool .
what a wonderful toy for the grandkids ! they use it inside or outside and have an absolute blast playing with it .
another fun family card game . can be played by the young and the young-at-heart . easy to play for all ages .
we love the entire imaginext line and this is no exception . goes well with the sky carrier and other airplanes .
a happy customer in hawaii ! i bought these for my son's preschool . cheaper than going to education works , plus save time , gas and parking expense .
my son loves to play his leapster leapfrog cars game . it keeps him entertained and away from doing miss haps around the house
these are awesome and hold the smell for a long time . my kids love them and give them as gifts
gave this as a christmas gift to my grandaughter and she loved it . she sleeps with it every night . a really cute bear .
my granddaughter is young , and only throws the ball.she will continue to enjoy this ball as she gets older , i am sure ..
what a mess ! the wax is thin and melts easily at normal temperatures ... gets wax all over .
these are awesome ! they are definitely worth the money ! i have bought them for boys and girls . my son loves his !
it works , but it already has a crack . for the price , it could have been made better . should not be surprised , but i am .
got for my little girl and it is the best thing i have ever bought .. well made great sounds and hours of fun at a time
this is definitely a nice addition to the wedgit set ! it helps with some of the things you try to build ! kids love it !
great addition to my son's lego collection . arrived quickly and he loves playing with the ship and droids . i'm happy with this purchase .
my great grandson loves this and he can shared it with hos brother and cousins . it is great for warm weather but safe ,
they love the large size and all the different dinosaurs . it has been assembled over and over . good quality too !
nice leader class toy it's huge in truck mode and robot mode good for your collection guys get it it's cool
i keep buying different lego sets to keeps young minds active . this set was greatly appreciated by my 8 year old grandson .
my two year old grandson played with this for 8 straight hours while on a roadtrip . no loose pieces . great
got this and my son loves it ! perfect little figure to play with and the vampire squid is a awesome bath tub toy since his spots change color .
can never be too young to be organized . it helps to remember where his favorite toy is ready and waiting .
these are fun and cute - - my son loves hitting them all over the house ! their bright yellow color makes them easy to locate !
got this as a birthday gift for a 1 year old little girl . she was definitely fascinated with it ! i would definitely recommend .
i love this sweet doll . my daughter has not shown much interest in it yet ... but i like it :) maybe she will soon :)
christmas gift for my 6 yrs son and he absolutely loves it ! he plays with it all the time ... looks like me when i was little .
family night just got better in the browns house . we loved the disney edition of hedbanz . love this so much
nice size really cute and soft good price well made my daughter loved it . would buy again great for a gift
rivals is just not as interesting to play as settlers . i was disappointed because i had expected a little more .
this will be a christmas gift but we can not wait till they see it . we know they will love it . great service too .
good sculpt and range of movement . new shoulder movements are a little weird but other than that great figure .
high quality toy really sparked my 4 year-old grandson's imagination . should hold up through many years of play , and probably get passed on o little brother .
grab some drinks , and some great friends or family , and start drawing , so much fun and easy ! def . a crowd pleaser !
bought for my grand daughter's 5th birthday in july . she is still playing with it and really enjoys it . this is a good pretend play toy .
bought this game for the family . we all enjoy it along with my nieces and nephews when they come over .
as lego often does the small scale gives a bit of shock but this is a great addition to any lego collection .
this item was great . it came exactly when it said it would . my daughter was saving her allowance for months to get this .
bought our granddaughter an inno 2 for christmas and dora to go with it . she loves the inno 2 and dora .
the sounds are authentic but not very clear and not at all entertaining to a one-year-old . my son also has the vehicle blocks and mimics those sounds happily .
every child needs a tea set . this set is a perfect size for little hands . fun , cute and great quality .
eight year old daughter likes this game . it's a great game to learn how things balance . it's fun . and was a good price .
my little great nephew loves his water table and i'm sure will get many hours of enjoyment from his sand table when it's warm enough to be outside .
i purchased these masks for a dinosaur party and all the children wore them and really liked them . they are colorful and well made .
darts are great , clips work well . they should be the 18 round clips though . it would make it better for everyone ... except moms !
had these little animals as favors to the little ones who came with their moms ' to our baby shower.they were a hit .
this drill is very easy to use for 2yr old . its the right size for little hands and comes with just enough attachments to keep them busy ...
my granddaughter was thrilled to have a pair of these for her american girl doll . that's good enough for me .
eagle talon castle dragon is a good toy , my son really likes , the material is superb , recommend , the sounds are excellents
our 2 year old grandson loved it . it seemed to be well made . he collects the sesame street gang and this completed it .
smart idea ! just open the top , take out what you need to get started and go for it ! good for keeping things organized .
my child loves this book and now can have it read anytime they want to hear it . it's a classic and it's durable in a board book form .
really good case and protects the game . my son also uses it to store his games underneath the actual leapster
we gave this as a present to a 7yr old boy based on reviews and brand - from what his parents told us , he loves it !
great for children who are learning to read . you even get an email with updates on how much progress your child is making .
saves buy batteries , easy and conv . to use . if i buy another leap pad 2 will get another recharger pack for it
details in figure are really good . and lady death pretty creepy but cool . a must have if you are an avengers fan .
i bought this along with several other items to pretend to be camping . these are really nice and well made items . must have for your pretend camping adventure
i ordered these for my son and his elf on the shelf to wear the night before christmas to make santa christmas cookies . would order again ! !
i love it ... my son wont get in it yet ... but i cant wait for him to cruise through the park
good radios , but you must use brand new batteries in them or they don't work well . they have good range though . also easy to use .
really like this game for our two grandchildren . we all like to play and can enjoy it through the years .
this is a fun , fast game for literally all ages . it also makes a great gift at a good price point .
this is a beautiful and yet simple lego set for a young girl . my grandchildren love legos and it is nice they have girl colors too .
as expected - on time and in good shape - adds to imaginexr dc super friends collection .
this was purchased for two grandsons and it was a pretty interesting item . i thought it was a good price for what i got .
this is cool . i like the fact that it just uses water so the kids could pretty much play anywhere with it .
i haven't had to use these parts yet but there identical to what i have , everything you'll need in case you have a disaster .
its plastic and will work for now i bought one metal at a yard sale so i was expecting more
same love it would recommend ordered 2 of these very cool got 2 colors for variety my son enjoys them
wow , i'm a newbie at rc heli but with this model i can fool some people , tons of fun & tough .
my granddaughter loves this and it helps so much with her learning . she thinks she's just playing with a toy
these little lazer tag nerf battle system guns have offered hours of outside play for our son and his friend ... away from the video games ! !
saw this and thought it would be great as a drive up mailbox for our 3 year old.she loves driving up to it to get the mail .
great item to have when traveling with your leap pad . kept the kids quiet for a long time and can save on battery life .
another of my 3 year old's collection - he loves it and has mastered it well . very well done .
she is so bright and colorful you will be very happy with this doll . i know i am . her out fit and hair are super fun .
item was well built and closes to carry anywhere . barn with animals and fencing was so cute and well liked as a birthday gift for my great nephew .
good made product , just right for small boys . goes along great with other bots , completes the set . good choice all around .
purchased for my seven year old grand-daughter , who is very much into fashion and drawing . she has enjoyed it very much .
this is too small . i don't know whose idea this was but 5 " is too small for most children . i would not recommend this .
this is really cute but a really fast build . its great to go with the rest of the batman legos
even at 16 and 17 the kids loved these . it was great adding to them to make a necklace . cool
my grandson is delighted with this toy . he saw it on tv and just had to have it . happy with the purchase .
very sweet and soft " first doll " . our 8 month old grand daughter loved this gift . i think she'll be dragged around for years to come .
my 2 year old loves this elmo plush toy . it was reasonably priced . it's adorable and i would recommend this for toddlers .
this little pink piano was a gift for my granddaughters 1st birthday . we actually used it in her 1st birthday photo shoot and it is absolutely adorable
excellent quality , great size . would definitely recommend . it has a plug in the bottom to drain out the water which made emptying the pool so easy .
my daughter loves to play with this cookie set because her grandma is a baker so it's like making her own .
my 1 year old loves this bell . i love that the bell can't be crushed or broken no matter how rough the play .
barbie the princess and the pop star . musical light up castle is a very nice toy well worth the money
matte silver finish . pieces are sufficiently unique that it was less evil than i expected . did use box photo for reference .
bought it for a 4 year old for christmas , may need some elp figuring it out but once done , boom the fun was on
the rocking base is a nice addition for younger children who can't balance well enough to hop . provides a new riding experience for the rody horse .
play doh gets trapped under the chair all the time . it still works . just lost play doh
the feedback on the gift was that it was very educational and worked well . it shipped quickly and was reasonably priced .
it was fun for my daughter , but the drivers aren't always compatible and it locked up my computer for a while .
too many pieces and complicated for a 3-4 year old . returned this for a duplo instead , and now my son loves it .
christmas present for my 3 year old granddaughter . she is starting to enjoy books and likes her tag reader . will sit and play with frequently .
great service and arrived very quickly and the doll is perfect at a great price . perfect christmas gift for my granddaughter !
neat toy for 30 year old son in law . do we men grow older or do our toys get more fun ?
bought this with another little chalkboard kit for 7 year old daughter . she loves it and i love how mess free it is
my boys love playing in the tub and these boats are great . they link and make a train to drag through the water . they love it !
nothing really special , works well with my kid's nerf gun with no issue.at least my kid can shoot more rounds per load . he's having a ball .
size was larger than expected for the small inexpensive webkinz . very soft and plush . kids are very happy , great addition to their collection !
got these for my 4 year old granddaughter . had given her an american girl doll for christmas and these fit perfect . she loved them .
my daughter absolutely loves this , she received this and lamby make me feel better sets from santa and friends ;) ... she plays with them everyday
they used this last summer to " explore " the forest and look for " hidden treasures " . it made them feel so professional . great fun .
a christmas gift she looks very cute i should have a happy child xmas morning . amazon is the only place to shop for toys
this set contains everything needed for great halloween face paint . from rainbows to race cars and everything in between . very happy .
my toddler and infant kids love this ! it's such a great hit , although i did think it would be bigger .
my daughter loves sticky mosaics and this one has 4 beautiful colorful butterflies , good hands / eye coordination kit as well as a calming tool .
love it ! ! it is nice and small with many fun functions . love the scale and the looks of the truck .
well its exactly what i was hoping for at a way more cheeper rate then what walmart was charging for it in store
very cute ! it makes for a great bday gift . i bought this for my daughter's friend along with other crafty gifts and she loved it .
the colors awesome , one of my favorites . i've already bought two and will probably buy more ! ! ! wish it was available in a higher quantity
goes great with the cheerleader outfit . fits my daughter's 18 inch american girl doll perfectly . great price ! i'm pleased with this purchase .
my child wanted a blue car and this one was just what we were looking for . it is one of our favorite builds .
my granddaughter loved the doll . the hair was not as shown . they came in time for me to give to her for her birthdate .
this is and always has been a great game . my kids set it up just for the fun . great family game night .
as part of the zoo talkers toy , it's a nice addition . works well even if it only creates two different words , elephant and the trumpeting sound .
very nice . hard to find . nice addition to my granddaughters collection . she loved it . i would recommend it to any monster high collector .
my daughter made ​ ​ many manilllas through these very tough and good sized leagues , recommend it , and i'm also learning ok
i live it because it shows all the different transportation you can use to get around the city . teachs all different ones
these are the perfect paint cups . they are a great size and seem very durable . i love melissa & doug products and i have no complaints .
love all of melissa & doug products . i have a special needs child who has lots of therapy and they use lots of their products . great learning tools
too cute ! my grandson loves his fisher price little people musical zoo train . it is so cute and perfect for little hands .
this is a great sturdy case and can be used for hot wheels or any other type of small things you want to put in a case . good buy
everyone knows these are awesome , so i will add to this awareness in saying , it's adorable and just what you expect .
these fun little glow in the dark lizards are great as classroom prizes or favors for parties . especially for lizard or even dino themed parties .
my grandson loves anything lego . this was one of many i got him for christmas . he was happy with it .
waste of money . my 2 and 4 year old were not interested at all . the light is so dim , it's not even really a flashlight
good workout for mental spatial orientation . mix the cards , turn some over , flip others , and you have a new challenge . fun .
great christmas gift for our granddaughter . was very easy to assemble , i think my wife wants to play with as much as a little kid .
these are so stinkin ' cute and well crafted , love it ! perfectly sized , love the little tray , fits in our little kitchen oven , big fan
i purchased this as part of a gift for my 6 year old grandson.he has been enjoying being taught new things in such a fun way .
christmas gift for granddaughter and she really loved it . had seen on tv and we purchased for her to watch whenever she wants .
we bought a toy kitchen and this set is really too small for a 2 yr old to role play in the kitchen .
great quality paper at a good price . my 2 - year old uses it constantly and it hold up well . very pleased .
my 3 and 4 year old daughters love this . they play with it in the bath as well as out .
a nice game , for a great price.looks just like " trouble " but with hk on it.girls loved it-so it was a great choice
love these little cups . they are a big hit with my girls . easy to clean and colorful . would buy again .
this is the perfect addition to our pretend play kitchen set that our 3 year old son looooves so much !
i played it with my six year old grandson and found it a bit complicated about looking or not looking at your cards , etc .
what a great deal ! you get a ken doll , a barbie doll , and a car for them to cruise around in and a very reasonable price !
pet shops are small and messy . it is great to have a place for them all that is very portable .
the was a christmas gift for our niece who is 3 . she really likes elmo and music . she liked it .
not to give too much away , but the title says it all . quirky combinations , crazy interactions , and hours of fun to be had .
this game was cheaply made . the bracelets and necklaces came apart and i was constantly trying to fix them in hopes that my granddaughter would stop crying .
my son loves this little duck ! we run out of batteries constantly but he sure stays well fed . very cute and kids really enjoy feeding him .
i got this for my daughter . i didn't even know who pink toad was . my kids love mario and have learned all the characters names . :)
cute for the small goody bags for my son's five year-old dinosaur-themed birthday party .
my 9 year old chose this for a 7 year old's birthday and works surprisingly well and is a good value . would definitely buy again .
if your child loves arts and crafts , this will keep them busy and the results are darling . not too hard to do but not boring either .
great little chopper but not quite up to par versus the syma models . not quite as fast as the syma s107g but still a great all around chopper .
you can't go wrong with ravensburger games ! the kids love it and it is easy to play ! it is a good family game .
my 1st grader still loves his leapster explorer - he really likes the globe explorer game . i like that he can play a " somewhat " educational game .
just a game purchased for the grandchildren ... i assme the enjoy it but not sure ... came on time and well packaged ... thank you
found this exact doll at walmart for $ 22.00 today . they are rolling out in stores , forget the scalpers crazy price .
my son loved it ! he was very excited to get this toy for his birthday ! ! it was a big hit with him and all his guests .
good quallitygood sizemy son loves it very much.its our first kreo construction set.we will buy more
this product is handy in my pediatric therapy . i find them most useful for children 8 years old or younger .
great product to have in your kitchen to keep an eye on the kids while you are preparing supper or whatever .
i purchased these with a nerf n-strike radier rapid fire gun , nerf n-strike tactical vest and my grandson loved it .
i bought this for a gift . my nephnew loved it . he played with it for a long time . he is 10 months old .
bought these to go with mike the knight castle . they are great and exactly as expected . my son loves playing with them .
5 yo loves to sleep with it . loves the lights and patterns on ceiling as she goes to bed . recommend .
got this for my three year old and while she doesnt use it with the tag jr system , she loves the book just the same .
my 7 year old loves this - he has even asked for more of the switch-n-gos - we have had no problems at all with it working properly
perfectly sized , prefectly made , perfect colors . great playset . my daughters enjoys it very much.highly recommend . it is great for little hands .
goes along with the toy kitchen for the twoyear old that likes to " cook " . only bad part is its another thing to pick up ...
i have had this slide for yrs for my home daycare . toddlers love it . it's great for a slide for indoors because it's small enough.blessings , dionne
the penguin pillow pet is also very soft . he has a very cute face . he is one of the cutest pillow pets i have seen .
the dark knight rises giant size 31 - inch batman figure - man is this thing ever tall ... batman fan , love the details !
my daughter plays with this all the time . it is very basic but well made . reminds me of the one i had as a kid .
these will be just a little extra gift since my grandaughter loves her barbies so much .. hoping they all fit .. sooo cute ..
we ordered this for our granddaughter and she loved it . everything was well made and well worth the money . i would recommend this .
my 2 year old loves it . the color forms don't stick very well , so i am a little disappointed with that , but my child is happy .
my daughter of course loves this and everything else to do with the loving family dollhouse ! might have to bought the brother also !
what else can you say ? they are exactly as described . my daughter will make countless bracelets with these . they came divided into a few smaller bags .
i purchased this for my grandson i recommend it to anyone that is the age 4 to 10 . it's very educational .
my toddler hated this little pool and it was very small . we ended up giving it away .
my daughters love dinosaurs so they loved these finger puppets for their birthday party treats . they were as described and in good condition .
we bought this for my daughter for christmas and she took it on a trip from co to ca . she loves playing it .
my four year-old is a big lego fan and loves using this set with his others . it was a nice gift that he plays with on a regular basis
mush more difficult for a young child to break than crayons . will last longer than crayons as a result of that .
i bought this for one of my grandsons for christmas . seeing the smile on his face told me he loved it .
fits with our ikea / thomas tracks easily . very tall so all of our trains fit inside . looks great in the track .
who doesnt love the minions ? terrorists don't , but we are not hear to talk about them . you have to love the minion goodness .
we bought these because the hexbug specific batteries are incredibly overpriced . these fit perfectly and seem to last about as long .
draculaura and clawd wolf dolls were really neat , lots of fun . these dolls were shipped to thailand and the girl loved them .
this was much sturdier than i had anticipated it to be . well made and fun for boys to play with !
the mobigo touch learning system fits perfect in the case , it protects it when traveling with it . i would highly recommend this case .
can bring this anywhere . keep the tradition going even when you're not at home . share with other family and friends when you're out of town
fun toy , my son loves playing with the garage door for looooong periods . cars in and cars out . a bit pricey though .
again the movie just came out , and the boy who earned this was thrilled to try to do it . he made it and was very proud .
so cute . so soft . so girly . my grand-daughter is going to love this . she'll have fun putting her doll to bed at night .
and this was no exception . got it for my 6 yr old granddaughter last yr for christmas , and she was very pleased .
just what was expected .. a great toy . everyone had fun playing with it .. even the adults . a great gift idea for our son .
this goes on the vtech track that i purchased for my nephew , he is almost two and loves this toy
great stocking stuffer for my 12 year old . he loves to collect them and the blind packages make it fun to see what he gets
we used this candle for my son's 3rd birthday since he had a thomas the train birthday cake . he loved it !
great darts and not a bad price ! fits gun perfectly , just make sure you match the gun to the right kind of darts .
one of my kids ' ( ages 6 & 8) favorite games . this is fun and is good for a group of kids ( and or adults ) .
someone gave us this for my son's first birthday and we just have made it our go to easy gift that all kids love .
a good set of brushes . just ordinary brushes but they come in different sizes so that is helpful . i would recommend them .
great dolllove her bathing outfitwish it had a stand thono fangs with this doll was a little sad too see the flaw
the children enjoy the tool set ! they love to imitate fixing things using the tools , hammer and nails ! wonderful activity for dramatic play !
my 9 year old made this , and really enjoyed doing it . it makes a fun scarf , and entertains for quite some time .
this thing is about 3 inches long and looks really cool squirming across the floor ! if you have hex bugs get this !
pretty picture ... a lot going on . makes the puzzle a real thinker . i enjoyed it.very good if you are looking for a little challenge .
it is a good size stuffed animal ! adorably cute on the dolphin bedding set we bought our daughter . she loves to snuggle with it .
my son loved it very much ! he got it as an add on gift with his xbox 360 ! great game !
i have a silly boss and this is a perfect christmas gift for him to bring to the office . it's great fun !
we have a huge tree swing and now through the bar / rings up and my kids were having a blast . it delivers what you would expect .
these blocks will enhance building with the traditional blocks as the young child is challenged to use their imagination / thinking skills as they build .
good game but my 4-5 year old grandsons liked the road block game better . not that many cards in the game .
it was perfect it looked just the way it did in the picture . all of the eccessories were a great addition my daughter looooved it .
we are flashlight friends ! this little booger is cute and works great . my son will be receiving this for christmas !
this is a good toy for bath time . i would get this as a gift for someone else . very nice .
i enjoy flying my helicopter and nothing spoils it more than running out of power and batteries . having these charged and ready keeps the helicopter in the air .
these are good quality , and large . not for too young kids though because of the strings they come with . but we like them .
i believe my niece still enjoys this doll . it was the gift she wanted for a christmas gift from us .
this product is very fun and entertaining it is something fun for you and your friends you will definitely have a few laughs .
my 7 year old daughter loves horses and these are perfect . i like them because of their detail and aren't cheaply made . i would recommend purchasing them .
my 4 year old loves this ride on , he has a blast riding it . the product looks just like the picture .
not easy to win but not because it is tough to learn but because it is a challenge to win overall ... and a fun journey too !
cinderella is gorgeous and has pretty blue eyes and is ready for the ball ! she is also one of my favorites .
these dolls are a rip off . they are so light and cheap feeling for the price . and i hate the damn peg legs , they're just weird .
a little child can have a great imagination and play time with these items . dora is a wonderful teacher and so is swiper .
cute hangers for my granddaughter's american girl doll clothes . they fit and hang so very well . very strong plastic too .
melissa & doug stickers are always great & we've bought them several times . there is variety in each pack and well-priced
i love it , is a beautiful doll with adorable white clothes , my daugther was very happy when she opened the box
wonderful little first doll ... my granddaughter was 9 months at christmas and this doll was a great fit for her little hands .
my son loves this , i'd give it five stars if it was a little cheaper . great colors , nice and saturated .
lots of fun stuff you can make with this tubik's twist , snake , ball , phone etc . kids have lots of fun .
game night at your house can't be more fun than gathering your fellow brainiacs around this game & turning them loose !
quite possibly the strangest casting choice & persona ever made for the riddler that somehow became fan boy legend , riddle me this ...
the same quality as american girl doll clothing . it is still expensive , but better price with the same fit as original clothing .
works as expected ... it is normal chalk . arrived with no broken pieces . and i actually received 3 boxes instead of the one i was expecting .
our granddaughter enjoys these dolls tremendously . this one was no exception . great details and playability . she took to this doll right off .
i guess it is as good as described but it doesn't fly very far . okay for use indoors though . cute enough
i got these for my grandson who loved them ... they are sturdy and really pretty ... a good value ... and fun for little folks ...
my son likes it ! i didn't even realize it made noises until after it arrived . it was a good buy for my angry birds fan !
we take the engine alone with us to the doctor . she likes the sounds . i like that you can interchange which people are on it .
purchased this and took it on vacation . one use and it deflated . couldn't patch it so it went in the trash . not recommended .
what can be said ... it is legos . very detailed mini figure . great for any lego , bat , monster , mini figure fan.son loves this character .
the blocks were smaller than i expected / needed . otherwise , the quality was great.the bag they come in is quite convenient .
got this bag to hold 2 leaspter explorer with each a camera attachment and 4 game cartridges . still has room for a usb cable .
this duck works exactly as described for us . it's accurate and fast and helps us make sure the temps are right for baby .
fits ag doll - both the pjs and the slippers ; good fabric , well made ; i wish it had ones that match for my daughter !
i bought this with a figure 8 in mind . track plus a low thomas train does not fit under the bridge .
our son absolutely loves the chalk . size is great and durable . great price for the quantity
my daughter loves it . the game was easy for her to learn and she wants to play it all the time .
fun game and the grandkids love it . it is easy to lern and fun to play . i recommend this to all and would buy again .
my grandson loves this game on line he also loves legos and requested this set for christmas he will be happy to see it
love this ! this is perfect for teaching my kid about the numbers . a must have for children learning their numbers !
my son loves this plush oscar . he go it for christmas and still a few months later he loves it .
love this , my grandson needs to write more and this gives him the opportunity to express himself without criticism from anyone .
ordered this for a gift . this is a old school game . kids of all ages love to play . they play it all the time
good fun with all ages , grandkids to parents to grandparents . included variations which kept it fresh and fun each time .
i bought this for a die hard walking dead fan and they really loved it . in fact they took it to work !
these polkadot balloons were purchased for my daughters first birthday . the pink ones matched well with my daughter's leg warmers :)
i got this for my niece and she loves legos ! it is just what she wanted and has already put it together !
my daughters love these dolls , they can't stop plating and asking for more of them . this one was nice aqnds they loved it
2 year old loves this . this dora is the cleanest around . sturdy and is perfect for a dora lover's bathtub .
omg , these took more then a month to get to my house , cheaply made , but cut for like 5 min of playtime for your kids
my young grandson loves mike the knight and is having lots of fun using his imagination with this castle playset
this is big enough for the kids to build one big thing or several small things . the kids enjoy it
i purchased these for my 8 & 6yrd old boys - so they would have military play figures that are actually made in usa ! ! !
purchased for my child . i was happy with packaging and shipping . child was happy with product . overall a good buy .
if u love sound wave . u won be disappointed . u must get autobot blaster . den u can call it complete set .
my granddaughter loved it , just turned 1 and a good purchase . your kids will be happy with it , i'm sure .
i do day care and just started teaching the kids how to make bracelets . having all the colors is convenient .
cute accessory to go with calico critters playhouse , but has lots of tiny pieces . i'm afraid most will end up lost .
this heli seems to fly as well as the 107 ' s just much bigger . i will amend this review when i try flying it out doors .
my two year old nephew loves thomas the train and this was a great addition to his set . well built and sturdy .
my son loves the cartoon dora so when he received this in his easter basket , he was so excited . swiper is so fun !
my 7 year old got this for christmas and he loves to wear it when we have nerf wars in the house !
my 5 year old absolutely loves this . he sits down quietly ( very unusual ) and puzzles these out for an hour at a time . highly recommend .
my little girl loves this party dress for her american girl doll . she likes to dress her doll in pertty dresses and says she going to a ball .
waaaaay overpriced for what you get . daughter wants it but i think she will be disappointed . content is very thin despite bulky cover .
my 6 year old will actually sit and play the imaginex toys with his 1 1/2 year old brother and both have so much fun and use their imagination !
my kids were really interested in houses , so this held their interest . good for babies because the pieces are large and the handles are large .
it's the perfect handling size and my 5 yr old loves it . she's a scooby fanatic !
my son is learning at 4 to write his letters . he enjoys all the practice & still having fun at the same time .
i gave this as a present , i believe they held up well . good size for all kids and looks made well .
this product is so cute on the radio flyer wagon . it comes with a cute case however it is not easy to put back in the bag .
awesome quality , and i love that my kids can actually drink out of them . no complaints whatsoever , would recommend to anyone .
purchased with the big boots police station and the combination of the two keeps my son occupied for quite a while . very cute toys .
bought for a 6 yr old who has so many of these dolls . this one is really cute . love the hair .
cute and fun to play , i am enjoying this with my daughter , we mixed it with the mr potato head
kids get tired of moving the thomas & friends trains around . battery power adds so much . they love seeing them go around on their own .
we have two of these . the one from cracker barrel works awesome . this brand doesn't tornado like it should . pass on it .
exactly what my daughters wanted for christmas . very funny to listen to them playing . has brought many nights of fun to sleep overs .
i did not get the correct item sent and it was too late to get a replacement in time for christmas .
great little gloves for my young boys . they were so excited to play in the garden . these fit my three year old perfectly .
molly the bubble guppie will go great with the gil bubble guppie that i bought my daughter also . she will be very happy !
good price love melissa and doug toys , they are quality made and last forever . would recommend and shop again .
it's an angry bird plush and it served its purpose to make the kids laugh and they can throw it at each other and not cry ... job well done
i bought it for my babe , i think it will helpful for her to know the different shape and color .
my kids and i enjoy doing these puzzles together and they also like doing them on their own . its a great way to learn
very disappointed that it doesn't come with string . what good is a kite without string , couldn't they have just added it and charged a bit more ?
good gift for small child learning to read . has sounds and pictures that are bright . enjoyed by little ones . great
this doll is much cuter in person then in the picture . i got this for one of my grand daughters and hopefully she will like it .
... but felt it wasn't gross or offensive enough . this box expands an already fun game with more ways to be socially inappropriate .
excellent presentation , packaging . also as collector's item , highly detailed and adequate size . i recommend it for collectors of transformers deluxe .
my daughter got the leap pad 2 and this case . it holds the leap pad well but i wish it had an area to hold the charger .
all the mh dolls we've bought totally rock ! got this to complete ghouls rule collection . cleo does have better outfits though . just sayin
my daughter enjoys the challenge of this toy . i enjoy watching her learn the patterns and using tools . works great and would recommend it !
this guy is awesome got him for grandson and made sturdy to last and have real fun with well worth the purchase
my two year old loves these . he loves to take them apart and put them back together . great purchase ! would recommend .
this is a very good update to the 1980 ' s toy . i gave to my brother as birthday gift and he loved it .
me and ethan play this game together when he over grandma's house . it's a cute game and fun to play
bought this for my grand daughter and it is a good game for her . she is 5 years old and loves it .
my neice just loved the play dough toys ! i made some home made play dough and package it up with the toys and she just loved it !
it is bigger than we expected , but just gives lots of room to draw . there is a smaller travel version to consider that i also recommend .
it was kind of hard to work with but fun to our 11 year old niece nonetheless . we helped her but it really was a lot of fun !
this is a nice little swing . be sure though to supervise your child on the swing . the quality is good . dame hilda
my daughter enjoys styling the ghouls hair in this unique furniture . i is creative with its skull outlet formed designs . very cool for 7 and up
this was cute and easy setup but was broken within the month . wish it had held up . cute idea though
sock monkies are always a kids favorite and this one is cute and cuddly ! he feels like a beenie baby .
my granddaughter loves this map . she calls it the president obama map . i guess she has that connection in her 4 year old mind .
i thought that i already reviewed this ... oh well . this is a camera for the ps4 . it works as advertised .
my niece requested this gift for christmas and says that she loves it . i haven't actually seen her use it , so i can't give details .
my granddaughter loved them she did not have any and it made her christmas and mine i would recommend this sellar and product to everyone .
great game myy 2.5 loves this game and it teaches her so much ! its very interactive and she enjoys leap !
i got this for my great niece , and she just loves it . i like that you can store the " parts " inside !
very cute doll i know my kids will love it for christmas . i would highly recommend this product . beautiful colors .
an excellent representation of the tv catwoman . could pass for julie newmar or lee meriwether's version of catwoman . now where is eartha kitt ? ? ?
great product but no sound with out batteries so be sure to have aaas on hand . and a teeny screwdriver . but then they're awesome ! ! !
i love this little toy but i do not like how after a while you have to switch it off then back on to get it to work again .
we have a ball with this game . the rules are simple and even little toddlers can understand and play . we love it .
every little people item i have bought is awesome . my daughter loves little people . would recommend this product anytime . great .
estas muñecas son verdaderamente muy lindas y de muy buena calidad , a mi hija le fascinan y ha comrnzado a coleccionarlas .
my son loves this tunnel , he's had it for more than a year and still includes it in every track layout !
this model is a real favorite . it's a straightforward pose and the coloring seems standard , but it looks very authentic and interesting and is great for display .
same as above . love fisher price products for children . they love them too . there's nothing like imagination in play . it encourages creativity .
i brought it for my nephew he loves it hes had it for a few months now and still no complaints and it shipped on time
grandson , age 2 , loved wearing the belt and using the tools . they are soft enough that they don't damage furniture .
the shapes are fun and the kids really enjoyed playing with them . we bought several different packs for a variety .
this massager feels great . i use it several times per week . very relaxkng . kept one for myself . gave the other to mom dukes ...
game is alot of fun and has many challenging questions especially for history persons . use this game to brush up on your history , etc . great fun .
friends kids like it . i like it , although i havent won yet ... :-( geta gub , lose a gub ... its pretty fun
i really love saving my puzzles and this is the easiest puzzle glue i have ever used . but besure to use 2 coats
we played it with our daughter when she was the same age as our grandson who is seven years old.we all had fun now as we did then .
bought for my granddaughter who likes to paint he will frame this famous picture when it is completed a great winter project when it's cold outside
maybe a little pricy for what you get , but of course it has the f-p name on it . my girls enjoy playing doctor with it .
like many products , this one is very high quality and easy to use . this one seems built to last and i'd def buy again .
easy to use , seem to be good quality at the time , but they are still new . my daughter seems to like them a lot .
we got this for our walking 10 month old and he loves it . i highly recommend it if you are looking for a gift for a little one !
the feathers fall off easiely & it it larger than expected . however , for the price it is fun . i woud buy again
my grandchcildren like to play with these not only in the tub but out of the tub so like a double purchase - buy one get one free
daughter loves this . has a lot of fun creating pot holders for me and for her play kitchen ! easy to learn !
these little pieces really made our ryan's room dollhouse feel like " a home " . my kids use them every time they play .
like i said before my son enjoys it eveyday when he comes frm school , after doing his homework he starts playing w / it
my son loves all things octonauts , but this set is especially great bc of the cuttlefish . it is so hard to find one !
i bought this for my daughter and her family . it was an awesome time them playing it as a family . i would most certainly recommend this game
cant complain , well designed , good for alittle kid and worked perfect as a exchange gift so boom theres a review
love these ! we bought 2 sets and i am glad every time we paint that we have them ! would def recommend !
this is self-explanatory . this item arrived and works as expected . have only been using for a few months and is still working just fine .
the nephew loved it , hopefully he managed to get all the pieces rounded up before he left . fingers crossed on that one ...
cute little flashlight ! ! ! lots of sounds for my grandson and it is tough enough for him to throw around .
this lil scooter is perfect for our grandson and he is going to love it for christmas . i can't wait to see his face
sturdy , kids are having lots of fun with it , from age 2-4 ... they love the music that the elephant plays also
it is ok , but if the hands are little , it is a little hard to grip to practice pulling and putting back to snap together .
one of the best party games . everyone catches the idea fast and get involved with the game . quick and easy to understand and allowing different strategies .
my 5 year old built it himself pretty quickly . holds up well which is good bc he likes to play with them
bought the umiphone for my daughter who loves team umizoomi . she loves having her umiphone and can now really pretend she is talking to her umipals !
adding a little more to reading habits is wonderful for the grand kids ... never enough reading time for themthank you
cute party decor . one stayed inflated , the other did not . not expensive so no big loss , but i would not buy again .
this looks cute but we haven't used it yet ; waiting for a rainy day when looking for an activity to do .
this amazed me and the person i bought it for . incredible funny , specially the cutoffs included in the can . i ate mine with ketchup .
this is a perfect addition to any thomas set - especially for a little girl who loves her thomas train set !
the child that received this zoe is completely delighted with it . he loves sesame street , and particularly elmo and his friends .
this is such an awesome gift that is great for those under 2 years of age . larger versions are in my doctors office . great for eye-hand coordination .
this was a great purchase . i decided to buy this for my nephew as an added gift , though it wasn't his birthday . he loved it
i like it even thogh the tnt in't the best , very good toy . i am using it's parts as a wall .
my daughter loved it . other than the box being bent . love all the details on this doll
my daughter was very excited to get this game . she has only played it a few times , but has loved it so far .
he is part of the dance class set coming out and will only be 14.99 in stores so you will have another chance to get him
it was a present for a nice little girl who is 6 , she loved it ! ! now she is collecting all these kind of characters from monster high
these are great for small hands . the animals are realistic . my toddler loves working this puzzle and making the animal sounds .
adorable ! bought them for my son's school and they all love them ( and prob fight over them ! ) great price too .
haven't opened yet but it arrived quickly . the game is a lot smaller than i remember but i hope the kids love it as much as i use too
this shake and go batmobile is great . my 4 year old grandson loves it . easy to use and fun to play with .
hard to spin to get it going . neat for pretend pay with barbie's though . it's a little flimsy where the top and the pole are .
the boots look to be made well and are what i expected for an 18 inch doll , very cute . thanks
i have a small collection of these dolls . i like finding the ones i can never seem to catch in the stores . nice addition to my collection
this is an excellent toy ! lots of creative and learning play , but also just fun ! my 3 year old grandson thinks it is terrific !
i'm not sure if the cost is worth what you receive . the products are good but it is very expensive for what you are getting .
my daughter is happy with her doll , she's beautiful , the product has quality . i received what i expected , i am satisfiedi loved it .
santa brought this for my six year old . it's sturdy , good quality , cute , and fits the american girl doll perfectly .
i guess i would have liked these favor bags more if there were less pink and purple and more gender-nutral colors .
love this play money set .. my kids love to count with it and learn new math skills plus it works great when playing pretend grocery store .
super cute puzzle with thick , chunky pieces , that comes in a great carry along box . the picture is super cute and very bright and colorful .
this toy is durable and fun . it also helps my daughter work on her fine moter skills . great price , great product .
i am a day care provider and bought this for my older day care kids . the cloths are easy to take on and off .
my 9 year old and 5 year old grandsons love these dc super friends imaginext toys ! they pretend play batman for hours !
fun watching the kids try and count all the little balls that drop down the slides . this is great for any age ! very fun to watch ! !
a great bargain for the bricks you get . good build . nice model . at this price ( $ 17 ) it's a great kit .
this nerf gun is probably the does best one i have bought in a while . it really does shoot up to 75 feet . great toy for outside .
can truly be reused because they're not really stickers . they're more like colorforms ( remember those ) . lots of fun settings and animals to stick them in .
this is an easy little lego set for younger kids to start with . my son is 5 and it was a piece of cake for him
this is a christmas present for my daughter , but it is adorable ! ! ! the perfect size for a not-yet-two year old !
an other item i ordered for christmas . i just ordered this because i ordered her so many rubberbands to go with her loom .
great detail , hands down the best set out there . hard to find but once again crazy joe's out of the uk delivers .
great game for the fantasy and rpg buffs . may seem imbalanced , but there are many ways for the different characters to succeed . best with 3-6 players .
the children enjoy putting the pieces together but get frustrated when they try to play with the train by pulling on it because it falls apart again .
great addition to collection ! ! my son and i enjoy legos and spend alot of time together putting the sets together ! quality time !
an elaborate puzzle of the zodiac sign , this 270 piece ball comes together nicely but is not for those who give up easily .
nice fire truck train part . son loves it . works as expected . would recommend to anyone looking to add to their train set-up . :-)
bought this for my granddaughter ( 13 months ) to go with the little people farm.she really likes playing with them both .
oh my . my daughters love her . she is definitely a fav with her pink hair . got a pretty good del on her for 22.99 .
this was a really fun toy for my daughter . she had been playing with the flying pony for long hours . it was really fun
this lego set was very fun to put together and a great addition to my grandson's collection . it contains 2 vehicles which was a plus for him .
wonderful fun for the grands ! they sure did have fun with the air hunterz and will probably need the refills when they get back home !
he is just too cute , he dances and sings . he'll be a great addition to anyone's 80s collectables ! enjoy him !
my 3 year old loves this puzzle . it's lots of fun . and i love the thick wooden pieces that he can't tear apart .
these make great incentives so the kids will do their class work and pay attention to lessons . a little bribery helps !
this is a neat toy , the little figures and the backpack to carry them in . i know my 3 year old grandson will love it .
ordered for my daughters for christmas . it was a big hit ! love it ! this is a must for any girl that loves disney and princess !
my grandaughter has all the princesses now for her castle and would recommend for purchase , works great . study and durable .
this abomination is bad ass man this figured is well sculpted and detail and i totally recommend to any abomination fan or collector .
my 2 year old loves practicing with these scissors ! they are perfect since they are made of plastic and can't hurt her or cut anything besides paper .
my grand daughter wanted this for christmas so it has not been opened yet . it was delivered promptly and it was at a great price ! !
again great addition to my harry potter set ! ! ! i think ihave enough to build the harry potter christmas village ! ! ! word !
my 2.5 and 4 year old grand daughters love these puzzles . visually appealing for little ones in design and colors .
these brushes are great quality for children's art work . they seem to last well and the bristles stay in place very well , even with tough use .
not very durable , hands fall off , small pieces . got it for 5 year old , but very fragile toy . is this planned obsolescence for toys .
one side is lower case and the other is upper case , good for learning and a little different than your standard puzzle .
the loom being the latest fad had gone over well with my grandchildren.they have made many of the bands and give them to friends and family including me .
my grandson carried a pin around for awhile but he really wasn't that into them . they are really cute though .
base separated from top 5 minutes after using . it went back in but still !
thought this was regular size - do not remember seeing aything that said it was for the bigger blocks - my error
my daughter is 6 years old and found this set to be just okay . it did compliment the melissa and doug castle .
the paper is very good quality , my 19th month old loves the pictures they are big enough for her to color
this is not a fast car and the range isn't great . i haven't tried it in water . gave it 4 stars because my daughter enjoys it .
this is a fun challenging puzzle . good quality . detailed pictured makes it a bit more challenging . perfect for any little boy .
i purchased these shoes for my grand daughters american girl doll . these shoes are soooo pretty . my grand daughter loves them .
my grandkids are totally obsessed with angry birds and play with them all the time , this was a requested bird and my grandson loves it .
why are you paying so much for this toy , are you people crazy ? , at toys r us is only $ 17 . ... you're getting ripoff .
this game will make everyone giggle throughout ! the more the merrier & the laughing will not stop ! i highly recommend this , & it is family-friendly !
this product does not stick to anything therefore frustrating the child playing with it---not worth the money at all-but colorful
amazon picture shows two rolling pins , leading us to believe that two would be in our order . not the case . deceptive .
cool to hang from the celing .. but it peels to easliy . helps with learning of colors and is a fun toy .
my granddaughters seem quite happy with these . the backpacks seem to be well made and they love the color . they fit nicely on the dolls shoulders .
broke so fast , huge disappointment . then we had lots of tears because we could not fix it . not a good product for kids
this was a birthday present for my four year old grandson . he loves it . and i thank you so much . amazon truly makes dreams come true .
good game for toddlers . this is a well made game and fun for toddlers . it is nice to have a game without batteries !
my five-year old broke this within minutes of opening it . it makes realistic sounds / noises , but i wouldn't recommend it for a rough kid .
my son actually helios me sweep and he is only 15 months about 14 months when i bought it . it us so cute he sweeps along side me
not sure how to review these other than to say the grandkids love them . the quality is good , the delivery was quick and they're as advertised .
we have really enjoyed this paper for drawing our pictures . nana and papa's house has become an artwork heaven for the kids ! good quality !
i had hoped these would wash out of my daughter's clothes , but they did not . they are now reserved for no-shirt coloring time .
i gave it as a gift with the easel and the child liked it ! he uses it all of the time !
this was the christmas day everybody gets a toy . adults and kids enjoyed watching and playing . easy to put together .
great gift for my 4 year old . he loves it and learns at the same time . its not big and clunky . no complaints .
sturdy , strong and colorful . these bands work great . very few " bad " bands in the bag . these were a good deal .
this toy looks just like mickey on tv and is very well-made . the fabric is very soft , and the way he is designed is perfect for hugs .
this is very powerful and at the same time relaxing and peaceful i am not sure i have it mastered but worth the effort to keep working at
great addition to the bruder trucks we have . choice of american or european sirens . easy to install . fun to use .
i can't wait to put these cute little guys in my girls easter baskets . they are going to love them .
i bought this as part to a halloween costume , and it was ok . other than that its not worth it , doesnt work .
took a while to build and some pieces don't line up right but this product is still pretty awesome . my daughter loves it .
an important part of the thomas the train collection . not as fast as some of the others but a nice complement to a thomas collection .
this has a very wide base . hard for young children learning to drive to not run into everything . must have a large space to ride .
this worm is a lot smaller then i realized but very good for a newborn . definitely would order from this company in the future .
my 18 mo . old grandson love this puzzle . the chuncky puzzles from melissa and doug are great for little fingers . he enjoys all the animals .
ice rink doesn't fit nicely back in the container but without it the " ice " and figures are tons of fun .
thought it would be better constructed . i guess i'm just not that into rag-dolls :( - i didn't even give to my granddaughter .
i got this for my little one's easel . the paper quality seems good enough for what he needs so i am happy with my purchase . recommended .
my granddaughter loves nemo and finding a large , plush nemo in a birthday package was a total hit . great for a nemo fan of any age .
this is the perfect to bring a creative young person into the world of duplos / legos . the blocks are easy to manipulate , etc .
my 7 yr old loves monopoly and this game is great because now it doesn't have paper money that gets lost or ripped .
overall great toy and great product with fast shipping . i purchased the whole set of the series 3 and i love them all .
perfect for very little hands , possibly not so much for building as i had assumed . beautifully made , lovely colors , couldn't ask for more .
its wonderful , educational and at the same time extremely cute . my son loves it . he's also learnt a few words from this toy .
i'm sure these would have been just fine but i ended up returning the item when target had it for $ 0.99 .
one of my son's request on his christmas list ... price of those actions figure are a little expensive especially after buying all 10
cute for under high chair but did stay very well . rips easily and wasn't big enough to catch all the food or cake
i like the character , but you had no real time get to know him . this display is really nice , just wish he had his guns .
our children love making bracelets on the rainbow loom . daughter wanted the charms and thinks they are adorable but doesn't use them .
arrived packaged well and on time . no problems . not really much more to say about a stuffed animal !
i give this doll a four because for some reason the doll i got her arm would not move at all but great doll love details in dress .
these are always fun . i don't think my kids made the bottle yet though . they are teens . not sure why they didn't use
my daughter like her system but this game she plays the least . it may be she's getting a little to old for dora now .
these are beautiful toys to use with a light box , and i expect they will be part of our science table for years to come .
this was a gift for my grandson , who really enjoyed taking pictures onchristmas and am sure he will take many more ! ! !
well you can't play without dice . i find the translucent dice to be far more aesthetically pleasing while role playing .
my 3 year old like it but not as mush as i thought . the stethoscope doesn't really work and i wish it came with the outfit .
this is just little small and my son loved this he asked for another but so worth the price ! !
i love this train because it opens up and i love that the two trains talk to each other . i love frostini
we love this case . it holds all the games and the leap pad and keeps it protected ! ! i am glad it came in purple too !
these are perfect . they loved them . my girls have started making loom bracelets and they love these extra rubber bands i bought them .
my kid loves doc mcstuffins . these items have been great for her to play doctor anytime . she loves to carry around the case .
got this for my granddaughter for christmas and she loves bath toys . she is so happy with these and plays with them every time she takes a bath .
just the right size and texture for a baby girl's first doll . shipping was fast and the price was reasonable .
i always purchase melissa and doug toys for my grandson . the product is very sturdy but more importantly , the toys are very educational . excellent selection .
bought this for a friends kid he seemed to like it and was excited to get to play it with his dad .
i bought these for my 1 year old nephew . they are perfect because they stick easily to the walls and float in the water .
as he gets older he will play with this toy ... he is 6 months old . he is enjoying toys ... thank you
dino's are great , great for toddler ( 2 year old ) and up sized hands ! my kids are really enjoying them ! thanks !
she is just adorable ! she is a beautiful doll . also a affordable frankie as frankie tends to be more pricey and hard to find than the others .
kids are having fun with this playset . does not include the cargo bin that is pictured , other than that it's a good item .
ten yr . old grandson loves legos . he specifically asked for this one and had it put together within a couple of days of opening it !
it was okay . not what i expected but grandson likes it and that is all that matters to me and him .
edward kenway looks a little odd and not quite like in the game , but the figure is very well made .
my son loves this - especially like the way it crawls across the floor . very cute and , with most imaginext toys , well made .
these fit perfectly with our mixed wooden tracks ( brio , conductor carl , thomas ) and all of our trains . my kids love them .
this is an excellent , well-made material for teaching fractions . shows the relationships between fractions very clearly . love this for home or school use .
this toy is sturdy and has a great design on it . i'm sure it will get a lot of use this summer in the backyard !
the doll is adorable as always . my niece really didnt like the yellow shoes but the rest is great to her
i have a granddaughter who rocks my world , i discovered melissa & doug this fall i absolutely love all their products.very well constructed
my kids love these blocks . i love them too - they are so smooth . they are excellent at teaching spatial relationships .
just like the girl in the show , i love everything about walking dead . i also got daryl as well and that too is a great one
this is a fun game . takes a bit of stategery and planning , so it becomes more fun the more you play it .
how can you go wrong . you combine munchkin ( a great game ) with the guild ( great you tube show ) and you get something better .
this is my 4 year olds favorite game by far . he hasn't even pulled any of this other games out of the case since we got this one .
this is a fantastic action figure for any indiana jones fan ! it comes with numerous accessories . the figure is partly articulated so you can pose it .
it is a good toy and my kid loves it . i like the design of this lego . i in fact bought another one as a gift .
fun and quick co-op . difficult enough to keep our attention , but simple enough for desired replay . the game is different every time
toddler boy loves it ; he played 1/2 hour without moving . durable and exciting fun ! i recommend this toy !
can go wrong w / a collection of matchbox cars - especially if you have a collector of the playsets ! enjoy the detail on these little cars !
my three year old loves these . great strings and sturdy cardboard . easily used for tracing simple shapes as well as lacing .
my son totally enjoyed this set ! he is slowly appreciating the older star wars characters ! ! ! we highly recommend this great find ! ! !
worked great with ipod , wish cord was a bit longer though ... details are cute as usual for monster high products .
our son is 14 now and still loves to recreate the battles from his dangerous book for boys . now it is our nephews turn .
used for a costume , it worked , well made , but slightly on the small side . but with a cheap price , can't really complain .
its about time orion pax was finally made . this is a great figure and looks great on the shelf . love the comic too .
i would recommend this one . my son likes it . he is 4 and enjoys it . it was delivered on time and on new condition .
my daughter cried and was so excited because it went with her princesses and doll house . great price , nice quality . shipped fast . highly recommend !
the tv and the dog are a must for the doll house ! it was a great addition to the fisher price my first doll house .
did not last long , fell apart and one of them did not work . not worth the price let alone waiting for .
they fit american dolls feet . my daughter liked them so for that alone they are a great product . good product .
it's been a while since we purchased this , but it is still going strong and loved by all three grandbabies .
this was a good addition to another t & f set that had a " pond " but did not come with a boat .
barbie can now be a hero ! hurray for woman heroes . play with our barbies just got that much more exciting .
the angry birds go-jenga pirate pig attact game looks great . i sure hope my grandson like it . it's a christmas present . thanks .
these are very easy to make bubbles , my 3 year old grandson can makes these . the bubbles are long lasting .
the colors are so bold and wonderful , it is a perfect addition to anyone that collects trains . my son enjoys it everyday .
all kids love it . all the kids that come over ride it at some point . our kids use it almost everyday . recommended .
my grandson was thrilled with the little wooden people . good quality and workmanship . a nice gift for a 3 year old .
when i first bought this i was exited , than when i got onto webkinz i was very impressed it had fun games and cool stuff .
this was a present for my six-year-old grandson , who had no problems putting it together and thought it was great .
very cute and smooth rolling little car . the handle top is easy for young hands to grasp . smooth rolling tires . no clanky parts . no bpa .
i like how easy it is to get these replacement parts . i can't believe how much fun it is to keep these little birds flying .
my daughter loves this outfit . frankie is her favorite and this is the best ! thank you so very much ! it is the best !
my baby seems to love it . there is a lot to keep her busy when i am trying to get things done .
these are very cute tattoos . so detailed and so many to choose from . these were a hit with my three year old son .
my nephews liked this . the older ones lost interest after a short while but the younger ones enjoyed the gift .
i bought this when i bought a doll house for my grandkids for christmas . they enjoy it .. i have not played with it .
this book was adorable and my 1 yr old son loves watching the lights and hearing the music play on it .
our 5 - year-old got this for christmas 2012 . he loves it ! i only wish there were a spot on the computer to store the mouse .
this is high quality and with both the girl and the boy it keeps both my little niece and my little nephews interested in playing .
very nice baby doll ... sweet sweet sweet . soft , cuddly & small enough for my tiny great granddaughter .. requiring to many words . nice deal
bought this for my 4 year old granddaughter and she loves this e-book cartridge and reads it a lot . so glad i got it for her .
good product . my 5 years old son love to take color bath and now he can learn how to receive color from another two colors
what a great idea for children . he has his own computer . it even has a mouse . one of his favorite . so much to learn .
gift for 11 year old grand son . he thought it was great . loves star wars and lego . what more could you want .
it works as advertised and a great physics and teaching tool . the only complaint is the felt tip eventually turns the water red as the color bleeds .
i watch frozen everyday with my girls its a cute movie not bad at all my fave is olaf i love warm hugs lol
perfectly ordinary checkers board and pieces ! nothing fancy , but exactly what you need for a good game of checkers . what more can i say ?
lego duplo my first zoo 6136 is really cute . very good price and quality . my son likes to play with the car .
my granddaughter had a lot of fun taking pictures and she loved the color . i would recommend it to others .
bought this for my 7yr old daughter . she loves novi star dolls and this one is her new favorite novi star doll .
my mom bought this for my 9 month old daughter , since i had one as a child and loved it so much . my daughter sleeps with hers .
very realistic sounds . all of the adults will be fighting over this one . hope our grandson has a chance to play with it before the batteries die .
my granddaughter loves tea sets so this was perfect . came with own basket as well . she spends hours playing with it .
too old for my 4 yr old so i will put it away until he is older . good idea though .
this is ok but it is pretty flimsy . just spend a little bit more and get a leapster brand one .
my son loves these little pirates . they get pelted across the room and bounce off the walls . they're very sturdy .
very nice built doll very strong not something that can be tore up easy but there is a lot of small peaces they snap together real easy .
another christmas present for my grandson , great learning toys leap frog has and great price , they where on sale , ty
this product is nice but it is a little hard to get the car into the nose of the truck to shoot it out .
fast shipping not damaged even though them came in a jet pack the kids wanted them and now they got them for christmas
good quality paper ! my grandchildren love fingerpainting and painting and this paper is great because it won't bleed through the paper !
paint brushes are soft and have different shaped tips . they work pretty well and have stayed durable in the hands of my not so gentle 3 year old .
my granddaughter loves everything my little pony and was very excited with this christmas gift she plays with it everyday
all the bad guys are calked lemons in carsthey plan to destroy the good cars and start by sabotaging the world grand prix
the sweater just makes this outfit . it is adorable and fit my daughter's american doll just perfectly . very pleased with the purchase .
she loves it and the quality of the set exceeded my expectations . for the price it is a great set .
this toy is super soft , and you get exactly what is described . my son is happy with him and so am i !
my grandson loves this toy helicopter ! love the size as he is able to grasp without any difficulty . would highly recommend for any toddler !
it was exactly what i ordered but i thought it would be a little more sturdy . the cars fit loosely and sometimes fall through onto the car below .
only worth it for the piece of the bat signal that he comes with . the figure itself is a rehash of what we've seen many times before .
adorable idea , but too light and not sturdy , and it slides around ... use rubber grip tape on the rockers for added stability .
this is for a child , sound is not too good , but ok for a kid to create some tunes on .
my daughter loved this doll and its accessories , it was just what she wanted for christmas . she was very happy and excited to recieve this as a gift
our 18 month old grandson already enjoys putting these lego pieces together even if they don't look like anything . it's a fun start with legos .
so so game . my niece keeps going back to it , but loses interest pretty quickly . it's really not as good as original hungry hippos .
this case fits my sons leap pad snug ! very pleased with the product for my sons leap pad . great product
my son loves all of the wooden trains especially this talking emily ! it is durable and received product as described .
as seen . not a " full size " ball but good for a 4 - yr old . hoping that it holds up , but it seems fine .
i purchased these for my grandson's wooden train set and we love them . now the bridges stay in place . great price as well .
a cute simply addition to our loving family doll house my daughter likes to use the puppy more then the washer but overall a sturdy toy .
perfect play size . durable and will be well loved . i purchased this as a giftt and was very hapy to see it in the sandbox .
the kit is higher than my daugther expected , she is very happy . i recommend it for girls from 5 to 9 years
this item was purchased because of its versatility . great for summer fun also when your child can explore the outdoors .
bad latches , dont buy this if you want it to last . cute but not worth more than a few bucks due to poor quality .
i bought these to use with my grandson's easel . they worked great . i would recommend this item and i would buy it again .
this is great for my almost 5 year old spy , but a larger kid wouldn't be fooled by its capabilities . i've found its indications as rather random :)
melissa and doug chunky puzzles are always a hit in our house . my son loves this puzzle and has learned to make the farm animal sounds .
we like this james and he has a strong enough engine to get up the hills but he has a hard time staying on the track on sharp corners .
we carted elf on the shelf with us all through the holidays and captured him in all our photos . great quality , and very pleased with my purchase .
kids love the game because they love mickey mouse . easy pick and it's even better when we are all happy
my daughter is 1 1/2 years old and getting interested in books . she loves turning the pages herself and looking at the pictures .
my son loves this and that was the goal . it was a gift and he says it does what it is supposed to do.highly recommend .
awesome range . easily the best n-strike shooter out therefun for the entire office to wage wars with each other .
had these for the older kid and now 2 younger ones really enjoy the cool effects . this will get repeated use and works well .
my daughter loves this truck ( she's 2 ) . it's easy to use and the controls are simple . i would highly recommend this product .
we wanted our grand kids to start enjoy playing outside and these sporto balls were the rights size for them
our 18 month old ( who got this at 12 months ) loves playing with this . it's nothing fancy , but she enjoys the music and interaction .
she is so fun ! it has three buttons on the belly , one for recording , one to hear phrae and one for pre recorded phrases
was a pain building because one leg keeps falling off . it is frustrating for kids to have fun with a products that keeps falling apart .
frankie outfits are so cute esp . black and shiny silver skirt ... recommend to buy over budget fashion pack all day ... looks even better in person
10 year old who loves legos very pleased with her gift.this gramma likes good quality products and legos give hours of fun .
very pleased with this addition to my little boy's take n play train city . this is getting a lot of use !
great little addition to the collection . good detail , i would definitely recommend the turtle to anyone . zoo talkers are awesome products .
my daughter she is 6 months old . good entertainment toy while my wife feed the baby . she like the color and fits at any table .
so manyy optionssss ! my boy and i love to see how many characters we can build and its actually countless !
lots of fun for my little one . nice to find something that doesn't require batteries ! ! ! and , it keeps her entertained
so much fun to play with and interact and it doesn't use kitty litter . even my husband has fun with this lifelike pet .
small parts can come off and cause choking hazard . not well constructed . accessories were cute . need to make this more toddler friendly .
all melissa and doug products are made so well and we love them all . we have this easel , the accessory kit and the smock . thanks .
my tot loves telling us to make shapes with this set . he likes playing with the cutters on their own as well ...
we love this teddy bear . santa brought philbin to us christmas morning and he's been adored ever since . super soft and cuddly .
anything thomas is always the big hit at a 4 yr olds birthday party .. he loves all the pieces & knows all their names .
well-made , clunky pieces with adorable faces , but would recommend for children closer to 1 than 2 . 2 yo's need something more challenging .
we really enjoyed playing this game . a game that most ages can play together and good for wrestling says my 11 year old . :-)
christmas present for 10-13 year olds ... they love legos and so they really enjoyed the lego game ... hours of fun
very cute plush for a child or the bbt fan in your life . i can't imagine anyone hating this kitten .
my brother wanted me to order this for him . came on time and fit great ! he really loved it :)
cute and cheap and just like what other stores sell for more . the perfect price for something trendy that will either be lost of used a short time .
used for my daughter's b-day and she loved it . they made great toppers and i would def purchase them again if i had another yo gabba gabba party .
gifted this to my sister , they loved it . said its like dirty apples to apples . and a lot of fun .
very smooth and stable ... just wish it had a little more forward speed ... i have heard that can be adjusted with weights .
i bought all the turtles for my grandson for christmas . he totaly loved them . now i have to see about the bad guys .
very nice sturdy kitchen made of mostly composite wood . for the price it is a great set up that the girls love
this is a hard and very challenging game and with patience one can be successful . it is good for all age groups .
this is a wonderful toy and the best part is that it is " green ' . the kids love it and it is well made .
bought this as a christmas gift for my son , he will love them ! got a great price with lightning deals . delivered quickly .
my one year old really likes this toy and i'm happy with the quality of it . glad we bought it .
this is a great kit ! my granddaughter received this as a christmas gift . she can't wait to start making all the fairies , etc .
this incarnation of the birdlike decepticon is a must have for any transformers enthusiast he has a cool new form in both modes
gave this to an 8 year old friend and he loved it . made several projects the first night and got up early to continue building the next day !
bought to go with leap pad given to granddaughter for christmas gift . sure does the job of keeping it clean and helps her with holding it .
this is a nice triangle . got a great deal on it , half the price i saw it for in stores and it has a nice rubber holder .
i have not let my daughter play with these yet . in time she will get them . i did not realize they were so delicate . beautiful set .
this was great for the kids to play with the shrinky dink maker . kids loved it . was fun to watch them shrink
my grandson loves super why and this was a good buy . he has had it for months and still really enjoys playing with the kit .
as long as these games are geared towards learing , their alright with me . my son johnny enjoys this one and has a good time learning as well .
i really love honey swamps hair . my daughter has 40 plus monster high dolls . we went to justice and got her for 18.00 dollars the other day .
these are good brushes for beginners who are not sure which kind to start with . they are pretty versatile and sturdy but they do make thick strokes .
cute little cars that are easy to manipulate and the boys just love playing with them , as well as the dads ! big hit at the party !
charged my daughter's leap pad 2 better and faster than the wall charger . great for long car rides ! decent price too
my kids literraly spent the entire day playing candy kitchen with these products from seaside melissa and doug . this was their favorite of all the collection pieces .
we play this one at work during lunch ! every group i've shown it too really likes it , including non-gamers . this is a must have !
we enjoyed this monopoly version . after being burned out of so many different flavors of the game , our kids actually enjoyed playing this .
really did like this and the kids loved it . but i did toss a the worms just to be safe because they kept putting them in there mouths .
my 12 year old grandson received these spooky figures for halloween and was really happy with his gifts . he really does glow in the dark .
i have'nt set down yet to put this together because of the holidays.my grand daughter can't wait to have time to actually see what all is in it .
my kids don't see this as a learning game , just fun , but they get to practice counting and about money as they play .
he was just right dats all i can say , just how he looks . my son loves him & sometimes sleeps w / him .
this doll was received on time as promised and in excellent condition . i would recommend the purchase of this doll to anyone that has small girls .
well , it is fun . really doesn't set up well to do its wonderful trick . if the setup worked it would be a blast ...
my son loved these books . he's outgrown them now bit it's a great gift to pass on to the younger ones .
my children a fan of super mario and koopa is a beloved charachter for them all . it is colorful and soft and just plain cute !
i recommend this for the sheer creative potential ! ! i say " back to the basics " and ignore the noisy talking toys .
my two year old loves this mower ! it is very durable and he loves pushing it around ! totally recommend this toy !
adorable and was as described . my 4 year old niece was obsessed instantly ! no problems with quality that i have seen or heard about from them .
my daughter loved this item and it was a great way to shaare a little of my childhood history with her .
my grandson loves to build forts , so this is perfect for rainy days or cold days when he can't play outside .
nice , fun , game . you cannot get hurt and the kids have alot of fun .
thomas trains are just great and friendly with its diverse characters . i think no word is needed to describe its excellency .
it was wonderful to be able to find the older pokemon cards . they filled in alot of empty spots in our collection .
i think the new dice add interest to an admittedly repetitious little game ; my wife disagrees - - she'd rather play only the original . i enjoy it1
this is a nice puzzle that a 2 year old can do . i provides a lot of fun and we take it out whenever the kids are here .
the sounds are difficult to interpret . the original game was better . the shapes / sounds are difficult for my son to understand .
i looked at many different doctor sets for my 3 yo daughter . this seemed to be the best value and has all of the pieces she loves !
the price was right besides , i really like to get this set for my niece and she seemed to love it a lot .
my daughter has got hours of play but the 704 pieces is a little misleading . i would still buy again because my daughter is happy with it !
my daughter got this as a birthday gift . super fast shipping ! ! toy is great and comes with a great variety of things to play with .
okay these are just completely awesome ! i got them for my nephew and i have so much fun playing with them all the time with him !
my 6 year old son loves this , and has already combined the characters and pieces from this kit with the rest of his star wars sets .
these skulls have great detail and clean easily after being buried for excavation in the sand . i have always found that safari has quality products .
son loves dora the explorer and boots is his favorite character so he moved this when i gave it to him . could not be happier .
i couldn't seem to find this figures anywhere in stores . needed this one to complete the collection . great quality as well .
was a gift for a friend last christmas they enjoyed it . we play the game once in a while on game night
great item . this is very high quality . a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p
it would just dance and dance really wouldn't communicating with anything not even the app . gave it the little kids to play with
my 9 month old grandson couldn't keep his hands off of this toy . he got it for christmas and loved it .
brought 2 - but one wouldn't interact with the computer , boys were disappointed , but worked in every other way so they'll be okay
this is a great toy , my daughter just loves it . it's one of her favorites . it's worth the money to see the kids happy .
the kids love legos and this was on their list . it was for ages 6-12 which fit them perfectly.it ' s for anyone who loves legos .
we got this for our nephew who will be starting kindergarten this fall . he loves arts & crafts and this was perfect for me . alot is included !
my grandson , who is 9 , was thrilled to receive this on his birthday . he told me that it was his favorite lego set .
my husband and 8 year old grandson work on these together . both of them enjoyed building these and learning how things work . nice toy !
plenty of pieces to build a huge track system . fits perfectly with my thomas wooden railways tracks . a great way to expand your wooden track set .
kind of difficult for almost 9 year old and the youtube videos are very confusing . daughter hasn't used it as much as i thought .
my toddler loves all the switch and go dinos that we have bought . he likes to switch them around and does a lot of pretend play with them .
great buy ! i was really happy with them ! plus , my little girl loves them ! ! !
if you like the sound of a vacuum cleaner and loud arcade noises in your home ... you will love this toy . nuff said
well made and nice sized . we used it for a fresh beat band birthday party and it held up well outside
she is so cute ! she is a great baby doll to cuddle with . she is a good addition to my baby doll collection .
my daughter loves this and has already played with the set . please keep making legos for girls . perfect for 7 +
this was a purchase for a 7yr old and he loves it.the adults also enjoy playing . fun for all ages
there are hours of playing in this set ! fun accessories . pretty dresses that easily clip on.granddaughter and neighbor played with all day .
i purchased for my daughter . she loves it . it looks like it may be a bowling ball , but it's actually a dodge ball . great quality !
i am a barbie lover from way back and it is nice to see my daughter play and enjoy her barbie's like i used to
excellent stocking stuffer . this will have children from all ages intrigued . easy to follow instructions makes hatching your eggs a breeze .
they love their color wonder pads and markers . they enjoy coloring with them when they come over to grandma and grandpa's house .
a new train is always a hit . just wish the die cast fit the wooden tracks . but my son loves it
i purchased many lego products for my nephew ... all are made of fine quality and keep him from video games ! keeping the mind active and engaged .
my daughter loved getting this for christmas from " santa " . great little starter kit for someone just learning to do origami and kept her busy for hours !
i bought one for my 4 yr old son who has no interest in sitting and learning numbers or letters with me and her really enjoys it
it's a fun game . a lot of strategy and every game is different so it has great replay value . it's a classic .
have plenty batteries on hand because your child will not want to put this toy down . i love this item so much .
i purchased it for my grandson's birthday and he loved it ... he says it is the best and he is very happy to add it to his collection .
this game has been a family favorite for generations . now , our grandchildren are playing it almost daily and love it .
well made and good detail . really cute . the size is a little bigger than i expected . my grandsons will love them !
another successful grand daughter gift . she loves pretending to talk and text on this vtech play phone like a big person .
i love this one , as do my grand children . of course they beat me every time , but we had fun and they loved beating granddad .
if you like fairies , you will love this item . it is very pretty and excellent quality . it is appropriate for any age .
cheaper than lego store , lots of very small pieces , not easy to play with , keep instruction book or just a pile of pieces
my grandson loved this as the man has the wolf helmet and the wolf moves when you push the button .
our 2 year old who think that hedgehogs are porcupines loves his little " pine " and sleeps with him every day . soft enough to hug !
i don't think there will ever be a kid that does not play with legos at some time in their lifewe will never be too old for them
my daughter and i loved the look but these are are made of such soft wood that they got badly dented withing 5 minutes of play .
the kids go down this non stop . you can connect a hose to keep the water flowing . its pretty big but easy for the kids to climb up
still going strong after 3 months . our boys love this rc car . well made and it is lots of fun .
kids of all ages love these ! plus , they are high quality boards that will last through several children . totally worth it .
not for very little kids . made of metal , good quality and material . i believe it can be used as the real trowel and looks adorable
this is a great toy for 2yrs . and up . simple to arrange and compact to store or take along to grama's !
it flies ok , but it doesn't handle much wind , but for the cost it's a good bet you can have some fun chasing the cat with it ...
these are really good quality and my daughters love them ! i bought them with a melissa and doug bug catcher .
this little people school bus is a good quality toy . i have no doubt that it will last through years and years of abuse !
love this piece ! hard to find in stores . a unique addition to my son's thomas collection . definitely recommend for all thomas lovers .
everyone in the family plays with this toy . of all the toys we've ever owned , this one would be in the top 5 .
it is a beautiful play set , very well constructed , and fun to play with . his five year old brother enjoys them also .
i was trying to find a birthday gift for my 5 year old nephew who loves angry birds . he asks his mom to play with it everyday !
👍 love it ! it has saved the leappad 2 from disaster ; especially since it's a must have on all car rides , even short errands .
no extra pieces , so nothing to lose . fun and easy to play for kids of all ages . highly recommended , made for a great stocking stuffer !
this is a very well made toy and easy for young ones to handle , i expect my grandson will get many years use from it
my grand daughters and i always turn to alex jr for fun , age appropriate crafts.even the two year old stays interested and involved .
i bought this for my granddaughter's first birthday . she has a four year old brother . they both love it ! this was a great purchase .
my daughter was thrilled to get this dog . it is a good size and is very easy for her to use .
my 19th month old loves these she hasn't broke one yet she broke all her store bought jumbo crayons these are 100 % better
this figure is added to my collection . i love it . just like the show . mcfarlane toys quality ! this is a must-have if you're a fan .
i like these shoes , and one of my american girl dolls will like wearing them . they will look good on them .
bubble guppies are good toys for the bath or pool . the little kids really seem to like them . good for boys or girls .
was a christmas gift for my nephew and he loved it ! all boys love dinosaurs :d and he had a lot of fun with it .
if your kids like to watch max and ruby , they will love these two . good quality and hours of fun .
real nice toy , my two year old grandson loves it . the speaking voice and train sounds are very authentic and it seems fairly durable .
it's fun to get a big bag of jewels , even if they are plastic . totally worth buying , kids will find a use for them .
butterfly didnt come out for the longest time we had to buy another cajun overall i recommend this item its a good buy for nature lovers .
grand daughter quite pleased with the cute pieces in this set.what ' s not to like about lego's ? smiles ruled the day .
not only is this a great bath tub toy , but it is also a wonderful educational tool for the parents to use with their children .
manhattan toy dress up ladybug outfit for baby stella by ... manhattan toy was a birthday gift and it was super cute ! the birthday girl lived it !
see my review of the trunkis that i purchased . the saddles were a lifesaver for the blue trunki when one of the locks broke .
while the colors of these bands are pretty , they do not glow very much in the dark . i like the other diy bands i ordered though ,
my 4yr old can play much of the games , but there are definitely advanced games that he will eventually grow into .
this is perfect for a little boy or girl who loves fish and loves puzzles.it helps to teach color recognition .
it is nice to find hangers that fit the doll clothes . but i do wish there was something on them to help the clothes from falling off .
our girls love all the different spot it games , but this one is clearly their favorite . there's something about animals that make a game even more fun !
this was a fun puzzle to put together . i love the ravensburger puzzles . they are very well made , for hours of enjoyment .
my grandson loved the rescue bots . the price was reasonable and the item i received was just as it was listed . i would purchase it again .
this is one of the cutest melissa and doug dolls out there . just the right size to cuddle and put in doll carriage for a nice walk .
purchased this for my grandson , it was a christmas gift . he fell in love with it and has played with this non stop . very durable .
i bought this as a birthday present for my friend's daughter . she and her sister had a blast gluing everything together . very " fashionable . "
great toy . came in excellent condition . my daughter loves it . it as fallen off the table a few times and not been damaged .
this little train is fun it moves along quite well on any surface including tracks , and has pull power for an added train .
all the fun of munchkin with a lovecraft twist . this was a fun addition with slight rule revisions . looking forward to more unchkin expansions .
my 2 year old loves puzzles and this one is perfect for her , not only is there a princess , but dogs and a cat .
the title says it all . i have been buying webkins for 5 children andam surprised that they all still want them including the 10 year olds .
my 5 year old grandson asked for this for christmas . it is one of his favorite presents . he named his " pengy " .
my kids like it , says it's 5 " and that's probably accurate ... really cute and fun for imaginative kids that like mario
brought for 3 years old grandchildren . they love it and so does grandma . excellent quality as the children can be rough on the instrument / toys .
my 4 year old loves them and still plays with them 3 months later , it was a great purchase for his birthday .
cute bubble guppies puppy . good quality . my granddaughter loves to play with her bubble guppies toys while watching the show .
it's a small little pool but that's why i bought it . we filled it with small balls and made it a ball pit . kids think it's great !
my 5 yr old can't get enough of these things . i love the packages like this one that are precut .
my grandson does not play alot of video games so when he requested this one i ordered . he and a friend have played this and enjoy it .
my 2 yr old loves this tractor . he loves that the lights flash adn that makes a sound . great tractor !
this was a sturdy basket . i was so pleased at that when i received it !
you have got to love melissa & doug products ! this is a great and sturdy toy that my son loves !
wonderful fidget ! we use this to keep our children's hands busy during reading time . it is well made and stands up to rigorous use .
both of my great-nieces love monster high , and i was excited to find one they didn't have yet ! they seemed to love it
shrinky dinks are fun . nothing crazy , but the kids seem to enjoy them . the attention span goes away after a little while though .
as most toys that make noise and sings :) the wobbling kept him entertained the singing wasn't bad ... just annoying after the 100th time in an hour :)
i got this for my daughter after reading all the great reviews but my daughter did not like it that much and rarely plays with it .
just as described . small and compact but lots of different choices on the plates front and back . granddaughter was able to enjoy and she is only 4 .
my 7 year old got this from " santa " for christmas . she was able to put it together by herself using the instructions ! great product .
my daughter uses this to keep her earrings in . she painted and decorated it immediately . really cool and fun to make .
my daughter loves these . would be great for kids with sensory issues . these filled a 5 gallon fish take 3/4 of the way full .
nice case ; will do well with leapfrog i bought for my grandson . strong case is good for a child :-)
i purchased these figures for my grandson . cute little figures . he played with them but lost interest quickly . made well !
this is a nice playmobil set that is well made like they always are and the kids are enjoying playing with other sets they have .
if your a peanuts fan this is for you . if your kids like action figures they may like these . a bit overpriced .
i bought this and another one as a gift . it works great and does exactly what it is supposed to do .
another fun , family game to add to your collection . as with similar games , it is easy to learn and fun to play .
bought this for my grandchildren and they loved it from the very beginning . since it's hard to capture their attention nowadays , i consider this a big hit .
this was for my son in a doctor's kit . he likes the novelty of it . the fake needle broke the first time the kids used it .
my grandaughter wanted this for christmas & was surprised that it is kind of scary looking but she loves it .
i bought this to use with fabric loops as an activity for my child , but the pegs aren't long enough .
i think children can learn a lot and they think it's a game . great learning tool . i would reccomend this to anyone .
i bought this as a christmas present for my great nephew , along with all the other power rangers and he loved everyone of them .
this bench was given as a gift ! he loves it and has enjoyed the additional tools that i ordered with it too !
the air are not prety , she s not like the foto but the price was interesting and in france we can t fond this modele
oh my ! my three year old grand daughter absolutely loved this craft . easy to both child and parent alike . would recommend this craft to others .
my dolls arrived . but the lip color was smeared on the packaging . called mattel , they're sending a replacement so i'm happy
pictionary is fun but i wish the drawing surface was bigger . i might end up buying a large erasable board and marker .
my 3 - yr old son loves these toys . literally still plays with them every day , and he got them for christmas !
my kids love the app-mate toys for their ipads . a fun gift to give - can't go wrong with the $ 3 price tag ! gotta love amazon .
this is a companion piece for the doll i bought last year . i won't actually know how it is rated until my grandniece plays with it .
what a cool batman car this is . our grandsons love it . lots of fun . well made . recommend to all . it is a hit ! !
bought this for my 2 yr old grandson and he loves it . he plays with it everyday .
new monster high additions . i couldn't wait to receive this and it came so fast . i was excited once it arrived .
my daughter was very happy when i was able to find her this particular doll at a very decent price .
this set of tracks will be so beneficial to connecting all the take along train sets that we have in our collection for the grandkids .
maybe my daughter loves animals more than princesses and that is why this particular one has not had much success with her .
i bought four of these building plates to create a 20x20 lego table for my sons . it worked perfectly and looks great !
this product is a good value for the price . very realistic . good details . held up to play . would buy again .
it is another legos set so it's a little expensive for some plastic blocks but at least you get 3 different designs to build .
it is fun toy . but music is not good enough . should have more selection , such as 10 in the bed ... etc
bought this for a friend's baby and he thought it was the bee's knees ! i would buy this again ! darling !
my grandson and granddaughter received these for christmas and absolutely enjoy using them in the tub to play with ! i would recommend them to any age !
excellent customer service and so forth . hard to find . can't wait until he outgrows the need to play with tops
these toys are fantastic . they hold up well under heavy use , and the sand shape toys make great shapes in dirt or sand .
i bought these to put in my 10 month old's easter basket ... a perfect little toy for such an occasion . fun !
we bought this for our 13 year old son and we play it so much as a family , good family fun , nice new style .
these shapes are raised above the board and are easy for small hands to get a hold of my granddaughter enjoys the bright colors
great accessories for the bruder man . everything matches up perfect ! they are great for adding to the imagination for kids and adults .
just like every lego product made perfectly . very cool little set sure my nephew will love it . very cool theme .
these blocks add some nice flair to your standard geometric shapes . my kids have been playing with these for years , and enjoy making castles .
again my granddaughter loved this pajama outfit and slippers . quality is very good and i would recommend this outfit to anyone .
all that my g'daughter expected & more . well worth the money . she plays with it almost everyday . nice to see kids use their imaginations for play .
it's cute , fun and my son loved itand it glows in the dark tooand very affordable for anyone
another part of the deal to get a child who is old enough to not be playing with these things to do their home work
i like to get educational toys for my grandchildren and this is one of them . my grandson is starting to learn all the planets .
this is a great nerf product ! you can load it with 4 nerf balls . it's fairly small so it's great for surprise attacks !
this take apart airplane was the hit of 5 year old girl's birthday party ! still playing with it months later . highly recommend .
we affectionately call this the roly poly graveyard . my 5yo loves collecting roly polys to put into it . works as expected .
i like anything leap frog & have bought items for all my grandkids because they last forever . this is the 2nd scout i'e gotten . v
my grand daughter has a ball with her car as she calls it . she really enjoys driving all over the place .
i got these to have card games in my camper . all i can say is who doesn't love uno ? ? great game ..
i know that when ordering any product , you do not get to choose colors . however , this sparklz didn't have any colored handle , but naked silver .
indestructablerealisticnice colorseco friendlyreasonably pricedand loved by my 3 year old.couldn ' t have a better mix .
i used these as rewards while potty training my daughter . i wanted big stickers that were easy for her to peel . these were perfect ! !
the jokers fun house has lots of things to keep a 3 year old entertained . very well made , fast shipping and great packaging as well .
brings back memories ! ! kids ( and parents ) still love them ! no mess , no fuss , and still a fun product . love it .
this game is pathetic and boring . my daughter and i have more fun playing rock , paper , scissors and that's free
sent this as a gift to my 5 year old niece along with a lalaloopsy book . she had never heard of these dolls and immediately fell in love .
i got this for my grandson and he loved it . my granddaughter also loved it so i am getting another one for her birthday .
this is worthless . a flimsy , poorly-designed piece of crap . what a waste of my time . word word word word word
this item was purchased for a child in a needy family . this was on the child's wish list and she loved it .
i bought this for my 18 mo . old granddaughter who loves " doggies . " she loves the soft collie and has it in her crib with her .
spot on for what our granddaughter wanted for christmas . goes well with the rest of the set . fun new concept for kids .
this game is very much fun and the kids truly love it . educational and fun too . they enjoy playing the games .
got these as gifts and all the girls just love these things , they are pretty bright and all have batteries included . great deal
purchased this for my god-daughter's birthday ... she loved it ! very sweet and cute when put together as well . recommended for any " princess " ...
i was very satisfied with this purchase and pleasantly surprised at how strong the tools are . perhaps i can borrow them when mine get lost .
my granddaughter freaked when she got this doll . it is durable , fun and so much easy to dress . she is great
bought this for my 2 year old for christmas . he enjoys playing with it and has actually rediscovered it as of late . good purchase .
my son loves this set so much i bought a set for a friends little boy as a birthday present .
very bulky and it is heavy . but the play value is there on all sides . what you see is what you get .
one of the fun activities . beautiful ballet design . great for girls take ballet or other dance . also , great gift idea .
this is a good surface for my 3 year old grandson to build on with his duplo legos . he loves it .
i throw this around for my dog . he likes them more than me . he gets cabin fever during the winter months .
bought this for a newborn , our first granddaughter . it seems durable while feeling so soft and sweet . looks adorable in the crib .
pretty doll to add under the christmas tree for my granddaughters . they so enjoy the fairy dolls . thank you , mattel .
we know this game as croque-carotte in france , it is very fun and a favourite of the 4-6 year old kids . it helps with strategy and counting .
my kids really wanted it due to the advertisements . however , they really don't play with it at all . ages 5 and 9 .
these guards work great ! i'm glad i bought them . they are very tuff and don't break . i really like them.have fun ... larry hill
my son loves rabbits and was super excited to get his webkinz rabbit . a year later and it's still his prized stuffy :)
very authentic and packaged well . would purchase again , nice collectables if this is what you like . love the miniatures , you will too ...
this magical lil ' wand is great , & the magic sound is perfect ! very abby cadabby worthy ! my toddler is going to love this wand !
exactly what i expected and had seen in the store and at a way better price then walmart asked for the same thing
the sounds is way too loud for toddlers ... a little bit on the big size when i receive the items ...
it's durable , it's fun , it looks tough , what else do you need ? a great gift for nerf weapon lovers for sure .
sooooo cute ! great value for the entire set . now i just need the castle so i can hear them talk .
this is great for my kindergartener and my 21 month old twins . small enough that they can all use them and their hands fit . lots of fun !
baby has alot of fun with this pink bus . also bought a set of mega blocks to use and interact with this bus . shipping was fast .
my grandchild was excited to receive the loom bands refill kit . he was anxious to make more bracelets to give to friends and family .
my two year old grandson just loved this . it is very cute . clearly a monster but not at all scary .
we bought this game for our little girl turning 4yrs old . it was super cute and perfect for her age .
this is just ok . just some blow up toys with a velvety feel . my daughters prefer solid table and chairs to this weebly-wobbly one .
big size legoproduct is soon to be retired.do not buy as soon as the value rises.the best productbest price
it works well , my 4 year old does sometimes have trouble getting it closed by herself but all in all great .
this was gopher favorite toy for her birthday . she loved this 3 story dream townhouse . it had everything she wanted and then some .
it's good and they got here on time . got it for my girl she lose things so much . we like them
our daughter loves this toy . she loves the show . the car seems pretty durable . she likes playing with the characters .
i bought this for our 15 month old for christmas and it's been a family favorite . young guest enjoy it as well . sturdy , and friendly looking .
6 year old grandson loves all things scooby-doo just as his older sister once did . a hit for him as well .
this was a birthday gift for my grandson . it is what he wanted and he couldn't be happier ! arrived in time for his party !
this small unicorn looks exactly like the larger way more expensive ones . it was what i expected and my grandaughters enjoy playing with it .
such a fun game for a grown up party ! we had tons of laughs and everyone wanting to keep playing another round .
my kid loves this toy . when he lost his viewmaster case i went scouting for a new one and found this set . love it !
this is mainly for the bathtub as it is a blow-up , but my grandson will receive this as a stocking stuffer . great service .
my six year old loved it , fun to build and played with it too
serves its purpose with good size . decent quality though not like it is abused . just an open container for nerf darts .
bought this for my niece as a gift for her birthday she liked it price was ok wat more can i say about this
this is awesome . when i was assembling it i saw pieces that could be used in later constructions ! i would recommend to all lego fans
i definitely like this one over any of the other sandboxes . looks nicer in your yard and is very well made . no complaints !
this may be the pretties doll we've seen yet . she is much prettier in person and comes with cute accessories .
i got this for my niece but it is really small thought it more look like you can use it for a keychain
you can always be sure of a quality product with fisher price . the toys are colorful , realistic and fun to play with .
it is a great set for the back yard sandbox and to use at the beach for the little kids .
price i paid was a good value . how it will hold up after my granddaughter starts playing with it who knows
this is the most played game at my house . everybody likes it and can learn the game quickly and have fun . east coast for the win !
this toy delighted our 4 year old grandson . it seems pretty durable and has enough neat features to be entertaining , but also allows room for creative play .
my 3 and 5 yr old's favorite rescue bot in this line ... it's smaller than expected , but very well made .
the parents have taken to hiding small gifts with one of the snipes and making it a treasure hunt and adventure
i bought this to compose my collection , i work with decorative tables for birthday parties , minecraft overworld met our expectations
i gave this to a little girl in jamiaca who is starting school and she loved it . wish it had a rechargable battery .
a hit with my granddaughter at her 3rd birthday party . she spent more time with this than many of the other gifts she received .
my 5 year old loved the game at first but has lost interest . there doesn't seem to be a whole lot to do .
they are colorful plastic balls . they are larger and not very hard so it doesn't hurt when your two year old whips them at the dog .
grandson loves thomas the train aqnd this will be a great addition to the collectionquality goodshipment timely happy witht he service
i purchased this for my granddaughter and she has had it for many months . it is cute and enjoyed almost daily .
this is a nice tool for separating the legos . it does works as advertised and is handy when the blocks won't separate easily .
my great grandson (8 yrs ) and his grandpa have loved putting these together ; legos = always great
once again the evil geniuses have done it . more fun , more disturbing , and more hilarious . you can't go wrong with more cards !
my grand daughter loves brave , even had brave on her birthday cake . this was a great doll for a great price !
my daughter was so stoked to see these on christmas day , she now carries her around everywhere she goes . great product !
i purchased this as a stocking stuffer . the energy stick works well and the kids love it . the product arrives on time and in good condition .
this bank is so realistic . my boy who got this one loves it and we have to teach him it's not a toy .
my 3 year old son absolutely loves his moon . he likes to take the remote control to bed with him and move the phases of the moon himself .
my 3 1/2 yr old grandson loves this and can't live without it . he takes it in the car when we go anywhere .
smaller than i thought ... i could have gotten one cheaper at wally world but it is here and i am sure son # 2 will love it .
at a young age , my granddaughter had no trouble playing this game . it was fun and i thought it was worth the money .
my almost 1yr old niece loves this . it's so soft and cuddly and entertaining . i couldn't stop playing with it while it was still in the box ;o)
price is reasonable and product is perfect ! ! totally it is worth to spend the money . especially , buzz lightyear itself is worth to the price !
this is a very , very cute little toy ! you will love it and your kids will play a lot with it . the colors are very pretty .
this is a very nice stinging set of wooden accessories , especially if you want to learn your kid to string and improve small motor skills .
my grandsons ages 7 to 12 enjoy collecting the lego sets and mini-figures . this one was a surprise for one of them for easter and he loves it !
i was thrilled that these were available . it's something different from the norm , not to mention she will be able to see it in the dark !
only lost a star because the first one i got did not scream . they replaced it and the new one screams away !
my daughter got this for christmas and although the thing eats through batteries its not as bad as i expected .
kids love this costume like the character on super readers . would recommend to others who like show . simple and to point .
great for my 5 and 6 year old to play on their own or with adults ! the books are fun to read to !
4 year old grandson and granddaugher liked using the magnet to trace the letters and went back to it on their own later .
doll . just what my granddaughters wanted . they love her . i know i should have looked for this sooner . because know it's so expensive .
my 2 year old got this doll , play ballet outfit and a book for her birthday ! love the doll she is beautiful !
great fit for any 18 " american girl dolls . they are very cute . the black jeweled flat can be wore with any outfit .
opened the package and instantly began laughing . it does not get any better than that ! i think everyone should own this game .
easy to apply comes with wipes to use before you apply standing up to a 4 year old . no bubbles .
one of the most fun gaming experiences i have ever had . need a bunch of players but super funnnn . get it !
our three year old loves thomas and friends and annie and clarabel were a great addition to her collection . she loves them !
cute and fun ! oh , so fun and can do many styles , my son enjoy changing the parts around , thank you
my 3 year old loved doing this , it was fun to do together . it is durable and just a cute craft .
a good toddler camera , doesn't perform well in low light at all though ( which is to be expected since there isn't a flash ) .
just what every american girl would love to have . looks cute with a dress or jeans . wish " i " had a pair .
please watch your children when playing with this . the legs and arms move but if positioned incorrectly they pinch . ouch !
this was bought with the doll and the little pet dog . my grand daughter loved it , made this a very nice christmas for her .
we were very happy over this toy . we purchased several of the switch & gos . they all are great products and very entertaining .
what do you need to say about phase 10 ? it's a fun game , great for groups ! it's a classic game .
my preschooler loves this set , which is easy to play and provides for quick , entertaining games . it's great for the car and the rv .
i got this for a christmas gift ... i think it's a really cute doll for a 10 year old ... they love all the different wild colors ...
my little one has great time playing wiht this toys . nice size , works good . soft enough . would give this as gift in future for sure .
i must say i thought this would blow up to be a little larger so far no one seems to play with this
great party stuffer and or for night parties . awesome item for both adults and children . everyone loves them , can't wait to buy more .
great toy to go with imagnext knights . providing lots of imaginary play . my grandson plays with his imagnext toys daily .
these are a great classic toy and they look and work very well , the kids love these things and so do the adults ... very cheap and enjoyable
very study toy and my grand daughter loved it . i would recommend it as it is made well and assembles easily .
any mind craft fan is gonna love these bought for my nephew he loved it ...
a good way for kids and dumb people to sharpen their basic math skills . now if they only had a game like this to teach proper grammar .
very nice quality doll . great toy for a christmas present for my daughter ; she plays with this doll all the time !
bought this for my son for christmas , he hasn't played with it yet but it looks sturdy and hours of fun
this shipped quickly and it is a nice addition to our kids sandbox set . some of the parts like the cones are small and have already been lost .
my triplets have had this for a couple years and it's been through it all ! sturday , handle for easy carry and lots of fun !
not too much can be said about an eraser ; but it is what i expected when i bought it so five stars .
2 year old loves to ride this car . she also likes the put keys it the ignition and play with the gas cap .
a great fun teen beach movie doll that is well made and looks just like the character in the movie .
okay toy , very cute . but bowling pins fall down when trying to set them up and my child gets bored of this game quickly .
what can you say a bout legos they are a time proven durable and entertaining product for all ages and the building / things they can build
i like that this set has both capital and lower case letters , and my grandson has lots of fun arranging , and making words from them .
henry was a necessary addition to our collection.the fact that he talks is a bonus that we're very happy with .
over two years later and my son still loves his grover plush . great quality , great price . i highly recommend it !
my grandson loves these action figures . he lines them up on the coffee table and introduces each one to us .
got this as a gift for my nephew and mommy loves the mesh storage bag that comes with the toys .
i have textured walls and these will stay on them . they are adorable , i would recommend them for sure .
bought this for my neighbor 6 yearold girl . its cute and i am sure she will love it .. worth the money
my grandson loves webkinz and wanted this for christmas . he was thrilled when he got it . material smooth , but durable .
i got this for my daughter for christmas . she plays it with mom , friends , and her 2 younger brothers . it has been an instant hit .
big hit at christmas . leap frog products are wonderful ... entertain the young ones for hours even those who still would rather be read to
granddaughter will love this for xmas she is also getting a dollhouse to put all this furniture in . arrived on time and in great shape
i bought this for a gift and the child loved it . the people were easy to get in and out . the construction was made well .
must have for any track set . very pleased with the quality . worth it addition to my 3 - yr old son's train set .
we used these in a pirate pool party and put some in the pirate ship bouncer . i highly recommend these for a pirate party .
this is my all time favorite toy ! grandchildren agree with me and play with it a lot . very enjoyable . thanks .
bought for a friend , she says he daughter loves it and takes it everywhere they go , she bought this as a back up
oh my goodness ! how my granddaughter loves this . she has played & played with it . she wants some more of the sets .
i chose to give it 5 stars because giving it to my 10 year old granddaughter made me a 5 star grandma !
great pricing for the amount of black bands . black bands are a must-have in my daughter's collection of loom bands .
she is 5 and smart and cute and loves olivia . has alot of these games and learns real fast playing them .
this is a really good learning tool for kids . i have a three year old little boy that absolutely loves this little computer . i would recommend this .
this game has really helped my four-year old twins improve their fine motor skills ( they need to trace things ) and also helped their letter recognition !
cool the kids liked it alot and the price was goodits not super great but its good i liked it thanks alothappy new year
the grand kids love this ! all pieces were included , and has easy to follow directions . so cute wish i had one when i was young !
good for older kids and the case is also very cute ! they make lots of other cute ones i'd like to get .
yup , these are even worse . the best part are the blank cards you can customize . so much potential to be awful !
my grandson loves the thomas and friends wooden railway musical caboose he loves to pus the button and hear the song
this was a replacement for the same animal my boy loves his waa waa the other one was wore out
got it for the kids , but is a bit addicting for the adults too . great for spacial skill building ! fun , simple , easy to transport .
i have ordered many ' thomas ' products from amazon and never had a problem . cranky was no exception . my son is very happy with it .
my daughter really wanted this doll for christmas . she even dressed up like her for halloween . she should be really pleased .
is very cute and was a good item for my grand daughter for some verity with what we ordered for her
this was exactly as advertised and it shipped on time . the quality and service was great and i would order again .
i got this at a great price and loved that it saved me money on apps at leapfrog.com i'd definitely will buy again !
my kids love the lego movie sets . i would highly recommend this set to any child , boy or girl . everything is awesome !
i have 3 year old twins and they have been playing with these boards since they were about 18 months old , great toy !
13 month old enjoys playing with stand up pieces as well as putting the pieces back in their pictured " homes " .
i love melissa and doug toys ... they are quality gifts . this is for one of my three toddler grandchildren to use atmy house when they're here visiting .
good purchase , good price and most of all , my granddaughter likes the lalaloopsy set , they fit perfectly with her strawberry shortcake house and berry shop .
this brush works as well on human hair as doll hair and if very nice because it doesnr damage doll hair
got this for my little daughter and she had a lot of fun with these temporary tattoos , seems it was a great buy :)
best replacement for my daughter other than the real thing ! definitely worth it ! forgot it was a little puppet too , so even better !
i named him clyde . i love stuffed animals . they're the cutest thing next to the real deal . my dog always thinks my stuffed animals are his .
used for stocking stuffers as well as for our first grade class at christmas time . cute little books that kid's love to color .
this toy is nearly impossible to transform even for adults . pieces fall apart very easily . this is a very cheep toy .
nice markers ! crayola never fails to please :) the price was decent , and my kids enjoy it , so that makes me happy too . thank you
we love the small sets , especially when they include multiple minifigures ! this one includes 4 minifigures , a dog and a vehicle ! ! perfect !
as a 3 yr old , its awesome . microphone is really poorly made though so dont think it will last very long .
it took an adult to string the abc's but it will be a good learning tool to get a jump on school
this is so much fun to play with . not only do the kids love playing with it but it is even fun for the adults .
bought these for my nephews but quickly found everyone was using them . turned into a battle involving everyone near enough to join .
wow ! the price was so low , quality great , we decorated them with our own gems by gluing them on and they worked perfectly !
i bought this for my baby.pieces are easy to hold and fit in . also could practice words with familiar animals .
what do you say ? it is play-doh . you get it you mold it , you put it away . who doesn't know about it .
my son is going to be very disappointed to find how much he cannot build in this set . foo . foo again .
my grandchildren love this toy for their new pool ! they range in age for two to eight and they all iove it .
this is excellent if you want to get your money's worth out of a wooden track . the little guys ( mine ) can do more .
i bought these for a birthday party and fit in the piñata perfectly . they are so small but really work , great price and work well .
so like it.is not that lovely but very practical.it is good to clean up a lot of lego . will buy again .
i thought this was going to be bigger from the picture you showed and when i saw it i didn't think it was as pretty as described
my daughter needed these for school , not a bad price and she is happy with them . i would order again .
bought this to go with new leappad and the kids love it . fun game with lots of learning going on . leapfrog products are awesome .
great idea so that kids can transport their little completed projects from room to room and not worry about them falling apart .
after one use this turtle has a leak that i cannot find . very expensive for just one use ! wouldn't recommend .
my younger grandchildren enjoyed the game but it was not complex enough for the older ones . there is no strategy involved , only speed .
my favorite of the plush birds , and a great toy for my son . the only thing that would be better is if he had the wookie howl !
got this along with a legos instruction and idea book as a gift and he can't stop playing with them .
this yoshi is smaller than the green yoshi we already had . i was told that he is actually a " baby yoshi " ... it is awesome .
the batteries always fail after between 1 and 20 flights . usually , they fail before 10 flights . you'll spend a fortune buying replacements .
this is a cute doll and not as expensive as some monster high dolls . it also seems to hold up better than monster high dolls .
i guess i am too old for some toys ... never really caught on to the angry birds , but the kids sure do ! ! !
these are great little toys that are really cool , and the price can't be beat.got the purple and yellow , liked the purple better .
fun , kids enjoyed them . 4 - min flight time with 20-30 min to charge . kids have moved on once you put it down to charge .
these numbers are bright primary colors , easy to hold , and easily stick to any magnetic surface--i also like the numeric symbols that come with the set .
this toy doesn't really do much . would not buy again . looks interesting but was not . did not get much play time .
the kids love this toy , they are using it all the time and fight over who is going to use it first . it is very durable .
takes to school everyday . nice colors , writes well . the price was great . should have ordered a few more for birthday treets
i shake to much so my paint job was horrible .. but it wasnt the paints fault it was the painters.ok more words ..
cheap quality they broke right away but you get what you pay for . the kids did have fun with them while it lasted .
buyer beware ... the picture is misleading . the " ladybug xylophone " is no longer included in this set .
the dolls can not sit on chairs unless the chairs are supported by some type of wall . without a backing the dolls fall off .
fairly basic , but seems built well . a little cumbersome to carry around , but it was a great deal with free shipping .
my son loved making the stepping stone for my garden - and what fun - it glows in the dark ! ! !
love this ! my baby loves it too ! he got one for christmas and it is so much fun . there's a lot to do .
this walker is a good walker ... and i would buy it again . my one year old granddaughter plays with it a lot .
my little grandson loves these blocks . they keep him busy with all the things you can do with them . highly recommend .
love ! great present for my son , has kept him entertained for hours , and at an excellent price ! would highly recommend .
cute toy , only negative was that the small balls are kind of tough to put back for my littlest one . bright colors and textures , would recommend .
my kids really enjoyed this product . it appears to be very well made but , is large and difficult to store without deflating it .
fun little tea pot and cups . the goodies look pretty real . this has been fun for both my grand daughters , they have fun having tea parties !
we live and breathe super heroes at our home . i like the twist of the superheroes to the original chutes and ladders i played as a kid .
i got this trash truck for my grandson and he plays with it allot . i would recomend it to anyone who has small children and grandchildren .
wooden dishes are the way to go with my grandbaby she pretends for hours and it went perfect with her new kitchen
there is a nice assortment to this pack of charms . my granddaughters will enjoy adding them to their bracelets . thank you .
my 8 yr old grandson had a lot of fun with this game , something they can also play by themselves .
this was a gift for my son-in-law for christmas . he loved the sets i got him last year so i'm sure he will like this .
my grandson loves his new stuff . i got him the whole kitchen arrangement . he has loved to cook with his parents things before he could even walk .
looks awesome goes together easy ( i guess that's good in some cases ) i wish it had a few more small parts
this was purchased as a christmas gift . it arrived faster than expected and was very well made . this gift brought that person back to their childhood .
this was a birthday present for a two year old who really wanted a scooter . he loves it ! perfect gift for a younger child .
this doll is so cute and the clothes is easy to maintain and clean , the right size for a little girl .
great villian to add to the collection of action figures fom my son ! ! ! he loves the bad guys as much as the good ones !
one of my son's most favorite toys ! so many things to play with here . highly recommend .
if you have a dart gun you must get these refills . they will last you for awhile so get your now .
my title pretty much says it all . these diecasts are sturdy and provide endless fun for our two sons , ages 2 and 4 .
this is the best gift santa has ever brought our son . the sound effect are awesome and the way the other toys interact with it is really cool .
a must have for any girl in love with hello kitty ! has stretchy elastic for ease of putting on . cute beads and looks pretty durable .
i love this case - it has saved the leapster from injury during a fall more than once , and it holds 4 cartridges .
this is an adorable crafting game . unfortunately , just like play dough , the molding clay dries up and then is unusable . hard to find replacements .
moira carlson's " flowers " is a beautiful and challenging project that the whole family can enjoy , another fine offering from doodleart . highly recommended .
the designs are cute , and even the potted plant is well done . they're as durable as plastic doll house furnishings get .
it does need to constantly be reset , but i think the preschoolers like that . good fun for my 3 year old's birthday .
if you never played this game with your kids . what are you waiting for ? this is the go to game when the kids are at my house .
bought as a birthday gift for grandson and he loves it . goes well will the castle and other extras that he already has .
this has always been a fun classic game , and the best part is that it can be played with just two people .
helps my son learn the letters of the alphabet . a must have for anyone with young children . . . .
the flags were big , the banner is long . it was perfect for my son's birthday party . good value for the money .
bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it . came with all the stuff necessary for her to play doctor .
perfect for our christmas event for nerf blasting safely after the gift opening . was perfect for her age and worked great .
who does not love project runway ? my granddaughter loved this the minute she opened it . she had hours of fun with this .
quality of insects is good but there are 5 duplicates in a set of 18 . wish they had added 5 more insects instead .
our grandson started using this bike at a year and is still riding at age 3 ! have to keep adjusting the seat .
the accesories are beutifull , its really complete the doll , tahts what i like about it . she really like to my niece
this says big , it's closer to the size i remember when i was a kids . it's a classic slinky made of metal and is well made !
this was christmas gift for my sister and shes loves the doll . she plays with the doll and says that its the best christmas gift .
this is a great game ... especially if you like scrabble , upwords , or other games like that . it's faster paced than other similar games .
like this puzzle because it teaches all different animals on a farm and the pieces are easy for a small child to pick up
they are compact and durable especially with little one that even my kids soccer coach uses them at games and practice
i ended up buying 4 of these . 2 for my kids and 2 for gifts . no batteries ! no noise ! the perfect toy ! actually useful !
we purchased this for a big family with lots of kids and they love it . they have 12 butterflies thriving .
enjoy playing with my granddaughter , sofia when she comes to visit . can't think ofanything else to say . thank you -
i purchased this for a birthday gift . i heard from the mother of the 4 year old that she loved it ! i also loved the price .
very pretty table clothe worked wonderfully for present table but remember it is paper so if u use it for food table it may fall apart
this was a gift for my 2 yr old daughter and she loved it . it is a mess as play-doh usually is but it's worth it !
fun creative game - inspiring the budding artists in all of us and promote out of the box thinking.the whole family enjoy playing this .
arrived on time and as schedule but essentially it is a stupid game but i should have known by the title .
i bought this transformer for my great nephew birthday because he loves trnsformers and he absolutely loved this one because of the size .
this car carrier is used daily in our classroom and it is a big hit among all of the children . very sturdy product .
my daughter enjoyed putting this together , but like all lego ( especially star wars ) it is way overpriced . not a lot of pieces for the money .
my daughter loves these and is able to get them on and off the doll herself , she's 3.5 so i am very impressed .
toad , the loyal workers for the princess , such a great little dude , and a cute plush to add to his natural wonder
i was so glad to find these , as every store locally was sold out . great toy for 4 + . the plane was exactly as described .
but i don't care ... i can have this as my toy ~ ~ ~ the songs are very nice ~ ~ ~ the children are picky ~
these pens are super cool ! i paired them with a diary to give to my little girls and they love them ! !
my kids love this item ! i loved how you can put the child's name in it and it tells her hello everytime she turns it on !
my son love to collect them he care a lot about those car also he spend a lot time playing with them i will recommend it
it was part of my dghtr luau them , the kids loved thm ! it went well with the theme . thy whr alittle thin , but served its purpose
sturdy pieces . fun to put together . definitely very long ... but that's part of the fun of putting it together ! would recommend .
this game no suply my spectatives , the sound is no funny and is not real , i dont know if is diferent but no is good
great game with not a ton of thought or effort required . was perfect for a few quick games among three friends .
my grandson loves this bouncer and gets alot of exercise using it.it requires pumping up everyday though and that was unexpected . i wouldthink it should hold air better .
bought for grandchild good learning and craft tools reasonable price loved it try it out if you have kids or grand kids
lego does it again . great colorful product for little hands . can't say enough good about lego procucts . all the kids love it .
my grandaughter loves this and wanted this for christmas . she was thrilled when she got it . pretty durable . love barbie houses .
i was actually very disappointed with this figures , the coloring is very poor and badly done , they look cheap , and not like a disney product .
cute toy . does not keep my sons interest long at all . wish it was more interactive or something ! good quality though .
my son has this and the batcave . he like them both . i haven't had any problems with it falling over like some reviews claim .
with prime i think i saved 60 cents from going to target but hey it's something . i hate how much these cost but what can you do ?
gave as a gift little girl loved it , played withit for a long time , seemed to really like it she wouldn't put it down .
my daughter ( re ) discovers this toy every few weeks ... she loves it ! solid construction and we love melissa & doug products .
this is a high quality kit and much better than others we have . my children love it . even the case is quality .
bought this for granddaughter for christmas . sure beats the knock offs hands down . she will love it . she is really into unicorns .
this kite is very easy to play with . the setup is easy too , just make sure you set it up in the correct orientation . great !
this is as advertised a pet that can be turned into a pillow . however , i encourage use as a pet due to its inability to be washed .
purchased for my grand daughters along with the elf on the shelf . works great to make the boy elf a girl elf .
my kids love this toy and is way better than the lincoln logs i bought them . this has more versatility and more imaginative play .
our son loves his woody toy ! ! ! just like the one on the movie !
i don't like so much because its ' so small . well my soon he loved the princess patch he is happy im not
game delivers - easy and quick to play - lots of fun . kids love it . they play it over and over .
this teaches kids hand eye coordination and a lot of basic skills that they need . this is an awesome teaching item as well as fun for the child
this whistle has a good sound , it's easy to use and very nice quality . great toy for the train lover .
love this color for those bracelets . my son makes these all the time and they are great for making the school colors for other people .
my 7 yr old had no trouble operating this helicopter . easy to set up and it didn't break the first time it crashed as others we tried did .
i bought this for a recent beach trip . it was great quality and my 3 year old daughter played for hours !
backyard safari products are fantastic.grandson loves them . boys so love gadgets to hang on vest and belts and other things . just like their dads .
it is absolutely amazing how far these simple devices go . this is my default birthday party / small christmas gift for young boys and some girls .
it attracted both of the little girls . it worked and moved great , colors were eye catching , i'm glad i purchased it .
just doesn't look like the most exciting thing , but my granddaughter seems to like it as part of his lego monster set .
grandson loves these puzzles as they are made of wood and hold up better than other childrens puzzles . he has several of these and really likes them .
my son was so excited that he was getting this , it was exactly as described and he has enjoyed playing with it so much .
this was a gift for my daughter for christmas . she loved it and all of the friends sets by legos .
my 15 month old had figured out how to separate the legs from the table . the glue must have already worn out after 6 mos .
this is a really nice pool for the price . it has an inflatable bottom that has a waffle type pattern that keeps the kids from having hard landings .
this is a cute charm - - unfortunately it doesn't work on my granddaughter's phone ( as most reviews said it wouldn't ) but she likes it anyway ! !
my 3 year old daughter loves the bounce ball and hello kitty so this was a win-win gift . blew up easily with our small air compressor .
these are all the rage now . my daughter loves it . she is making bracelets and necklaces all of the time . the kit included everything she needed .
what an attention grabber . it does look real . i baffled them all . i am a housekeeper and so ya they were blown away . lmao
advanced from the jumbo legos to these because my son needed a bigger variety of shapes to use and ideas to build more detailed objects .
my granddaughter's where so happy when they opened this on christmas morning . both of my granddaughters loved it and they play with it daily ,
hours of play ! i never knew my one year old son would love this so much at so young but he just loves it ! !
i bought this for my monster high dollhouse garage . buy it for your little girl , she'll thank you for it .
my 6 year old cousin loves all of the doc mcstuffins items and enjoys keeping track of her ' boo boos '
my 3 year old niece loves this game . even if it is a little advanced for her . keeps her busy .
this is a great little toy food cake ! my son and any friends he has over , thoroughly enjoy it ! i'd definitely reccommend it !
what can you say there darts . my kids lose about 5 a day so price is always the thing i am looking for
it fulfilled its purpose . it was a hit . what more can i say ? he's 8 years old ; he's a boy ; legos make him smile .
got this for my bf god daughter and got to say its smaller than i would tho for the price but she loved it ...
i got these for my niece's birthday party . it was a safari themed party and the kids loved these . they made great party favors too !
too expensive for the length of time it was usable . price did not reflect that the materials had to be replaced so quickly .
exactly as i expected . very unique . nice addition to my granddaughters collection . i would highly recommend it . very happy with it .
sturdy beach toys and the bag lasted the whole trip . my toddlers used this kid every day for a week and all the toys lasted . good purchase .
this is a fun gift for the curious child . our son has enjoyed it but you better be prepared to clean up because it can get messy !
too long for barbie but my daughter liked it anyways . it did start falling apart pretty quickly , but it's so pretty she still uses it some .
you feed the pig hamburgers and if you pop the pig , you win . shouldn't it be the other way around ? what are we teaching children ?
my son bought this toy and the other three with his christmas money . he has been playing with them since they arrived
item is a great value . looks like my grandson will love it for christmas ! nice and colorful for the younger set !
my daughter liked the idea but got bored with it pretty quickly . for the price it's okay but i wouldn't buy it again .
these boards really help when you want to build a house with trees etc . it holds the little pieces that add to the look .
bought for our 8 year old grandson . was too advanced for him . the adults that played it found it enjoyable .
this game is great for all the ni hao , kai-lan lovers in your life . my little one loves this game .
cute and the kiddo loves it ! the quality doesn't seem all that amazing ( what as seen on tv product does ? lol ) , but still pleased .
again great item and manufacturer would do business with them again … . so realistic are these items .. thanks a lot she loves it .
my grandson loves to play with telly the time clock , not realizing he is learning totell time ... cute colorful educational toy .
great and a must have for your walking dead tv series collection . mcfarlane does an outstanding job on each figure and the shipping was super fast .
my grandson begged for this dragon for months . i am so glad i bought it for him ! it still works perfectly after a year .
i must say rainbow dash's wings ' sparkle has stayed on after several baths . it is a cute version of rainbow dash .
my 6 year old grandson loves it . it provides hours of great playtime . what else is there to say ? thanks legos
grandson loves them enjoys them and looks at them every day he comes home form school.has traded some and have smre news ones . ,
looks just like daryl in the walking dead , great small collecting doll . i want to collect them all to complete my collection
fun game for family time . my little 7 year old has a great time playing this with us . def . recommend
the creator series is my favorite of all the options ! i love how there are different build options for each set ! great value !
bought extra track to go with other thomas pieces for my 3 year old great nephew . he loves all his thomas .
this character is great , one of the iconic characters from the show and they did it great justice , love it !
bought for grandson for christmas . he loves playing it with his dad . wanted a board game for him rather than all electronic games .
my cats love this thing . it is very entertaining and gives them good exercise . only negative is the cats keep pulling the rotating arm off .
the leap frog cell phone is a good quality and i would buy it again . my one year old granddaughter plays with it a lot .
3 yr old loves jake & the neverland pirates . plays with this along with the jake boat and also purchased captain hook .
my boy loves it . he is 5 and every time when he goes to sleep take this rainbow . he happy to have rainbow in the room
the ladder and outside edges are nice , solid wood - but i was a bit disappointed that the bed part is simply card board .
my son loves the fact that the ghost glows in the dark . the price was good , and the quality was excellent .
i got her two barbies from amazon vine.she liked both.this one is very pretty with hair clips and hair extensions . it provided hours of fun .
this tag activity storybook is reasonably good . wish it had more story to it , too short . kids get bored soon .
this set is beautifully constructed & looks like it will hold up well . my grandson was very happy with it .
9 year old loves this ! ! ! instructions included to create books online too .
a very simple castle toy with few parts for play . anna figurine is good , as it came with clip dress .
it just might be . at least top 5 in my book . i would recommend this game to anyone , i bought this copy for my sister .
i play this even without the kids . it is fun and brain challenging , but not hard for kids to learn .
using a motu body , this bigger sized batman is a welcome . fully articulated and detailed , this batman will make a great addition to your collection .
love , love , love my grandkids play with this all the time and a great value . but i do wish the plates were a little bigger .
what better gift for a little boy than dozens of airplanes that he can fly indoor or outdoor . this was a fun gift .
quality toy that has taken a beating , but is still holding up against a 4 and 2 1/2 year old .
with dad's supervision , our 5 year old completed and painted his bird house . all the pre-cut parts , glue and paint are included .
you can create three different products.all three are wonderful.lego fan's must-haves.the price-performance ratio is good.if you do not regret your purchase .
for my family , this game turned out to be a dud . we tried it a few times , but there wasn't much enthusiasm .
this is the orange angry bird that my grandson with autisum ask for a million times before it got here , he was so thrilled , loved it .
great place for everything she loved putting her tag items in the case and carrying it around like a purse .
my daughter loves trucks so she really enjoys this . she like putting everything in it and then dumping it out ! !
great family game . my daughter reaches for this game often for family game nites . challenging yet fun . a must have .
i bought this for my three year old for the summer along with a water table . he is going to be so happy this summer ! !
the boys love this game great learning skills for them great price came in just before xmas was a great gift
my 2 year old grandson loved this birthday gift so much , he didn't want to open any of his other gifts .
one of the best gifts i've ever found on amazon . nieces love them and i love the wooden traditional look .
12 year old grandson is having a blast putting this together in conjunction with all of his other lotr sets . a hit .
our kids really loved them and surprisingly they are made well , and none of them came broken ! recommended for purchase .
it seems to be a good way to carry the little cars . it helps our grandson a lot with organization .
would suggest these only for use on chalkboards . they come out looking like regular chalk on the sidewalk , which is disappointing to the kids .
these are well made and cute . my daughter really likes them and i've looked through them myself , they work great .
this game isnt for everyone . if you dont have a sense of humor do not buy this game . maybe not for kids
the kids enjoyed used these and went in closets and dark rooms just to try them out . they used it for a long time . great item .
fits and works perfectly well , buy some if you fly even a little , these things are prone to breaking in a crash .
running around with it on zapping and jumping he absolutely loves it ! fun little toy that they go back to ...
i bought these for my nephews for christmas - they were a " good price " ( for legos , that is ) , and they loved getting them .
this kit is very cute and has several projects for your first time sewer . my little sister-in-law loved it when she received this as a christmas gift .
my granddaughter loves her american girl doll and i love giving her clothes for it . this nightgown is perfect and well made .
this camera takes terrible pictures . terrible . the delete key shouldn't make a fun noise because my kid likes to hit it to hear the sound .
my granddaughter is getting abunch of these and having a good time collecting them .. will buy the big house pretty soon
wonderful expansion . great color and detail . only adds to the amazing fun of the original game ! well constructed too as well as durable .
hardly kept my daughters attention at all , so can't say it was the best value for money i've ever spent . looked like a decent game though .
its a nice set to play and educational as well . my 8 year daughter likes it . easy press connectors are good .
cant wait to finish it ... seems like it will be a real beauty . nice design .
adorable ! ! ! my kids love making us ice-cream . it's sooo cute ! ! it is fun and they love grabbing it from the freezer !
same as above . love these toys . they make my grandchildren happy . lots of fun and enjoyment for all .. thank you .
catwoman is a great figure , literally . very precise details and instantly takes you back to the 60 ' s batman series . meow !
3 year old adores this , and just in time i got a nasty cold just so she could diagnose me :-/
my daughter has 4 of these dolls from all over the world . she likes them and plays with them often .
im 40 , played with my 12yr old and a few adults , great fun , simple and basic strategy too ; lots of replay value here .
wiped iphone and downloaded kid apps . my 2 year old loved it and played with it . protected phone from being dropped or thrown . would recommend .
bought these for both of my grandsons . both love the water in there as well as the lights ! great addition to their train sets !
these legos are very sophisticated . my grandson seemed to really enjoy building with them . he said that they help keep him busy .
love this game they got it for xmas and play it most out of the games they received . they are in preschool so it works for them
but he quickly became frustrated as the cars kept falling out ! maybe when he's a little older it will hold more appeal .
was an easy and fast transaction . the jigsaw was as described and the price was right . my grand son loved it , so thats all that mattered .
this is a birthday present and my son is going to love it . he has some nerf guns but this one looked like fun
every single thing in here makes noise , and what could be more fun for little ones than driving their parents nuts with noisy musical instruments ?
love every minute of this game and understand that it might offend some . this is definitely not a kids game ! ! !
doll came before expected date . doll was in a box and all accesories included and price was great . it was a good buy
gotta love washable markers ! fun new colors that let you roam free from the standard classics . no markers last as long as crayola in my opinion .
this is just a great classic fun game for young and older kids . well worth the price .
great product . my daughter got it for christmas and she loves it ! quality is very nice too.everything works fine with no problems.thanks !
another great bruder truck ! definitely order the extra logs for this , as it is big enough to hold 12 logs . so 3 just wasn't enough . :)
a decent deal for the money , but the story lines are a little boring and the books don't hold my daughter's attention for very long .
we love webkinz . this is just an addition to the kids collection . the stuffed animal is very cute and webkinz is very fun .
i have a 2 yr old and a 6 yr old that i buy for for christmas and both of them loved their angry birds !
this fiddlestix connector set is a very fun building set - encourages building and using your imagination for children and their parents ! ! !
this is the only thing my 7 year old granddaughter asked for for christmas . she just loves it and it is simple for her to play .
my grandson loves to build and this is just one more way that he can create his own master piece ..
not a fan . this idea is too young for the target group . it will however be very collectable because no one wants to buy it .
good base set . i got this and another set . definately a solid addition to the collection . you can't have enough legos .
this is a nice figurine . it really captures gambit nicely . only flaw is keeping his staff in place when posing him in the danger room set piece .
so much fun , we got this for my 1 year old for christmas . oh it is fun ! ! he loves marching around tooting on his trumpet .
my son is 8 and loves this dart gun . it is easy to load and provides lots of fun for him and his buddies .
my granddaughter loves her american girl doll and i love giving her clothes for it . this cheerleader outfit is perfect and well made .
there is nothing wrong with this toy but i have definitely seen nicer lap top toys . this is limited in its activities .
the first expansion is fantastic and make a great game even better . do not get this game to play with your sunday school class or your parents .
huge add a nice touch to our vbs enchanted forrest to have the castle floating in the clouds .. boys didn't like the pink .. such is life .
this chalk has light colors , but my toddler doesn't care about that . it's a much better bang for buck than a lot of other sidewalk chalk .
shipped fast , item was packaged nicely and i would buy it again ! my kids love this toy . they play with it for long periods of time .
this adorable toy was a christmas present for my granddaughter . she plays with it often . also shares with her cousin .
great addition to my 8 yr old's monster high collection . a very pretty doll , makeup , etc . must buy for mh collectors !
this is a nice eraser . it does it's job , it came on time , and if i need another one , then i will buy this one !
my daugther love play with little pony set , she teach me all pony's names and qiutymarkc , we played for hours
my son has both this and the foam sword , they have both held up to everyday play and general rough-housing really well .
these dragons are amazing ! i read the reviews which were great , but they even exceeding my expectations . they were a hit with my grandchildren .
he was so excited , he has been playing with his brother and they love it - great birthday present !
my daughter got all of these for christmas . they are beautiful . so elegant looking . i look forward to seeing more !
fun to put together , play with and take apart ! i bought all of the superheroes series , so we have endless hours of building and pretend play !
we are big barbie collector doll fans , and this victoria doll rounds out the other twilight dolls . great detail in a good price range .
this is a really great party game and can ' break the ice ' . lots of fun , and completely worth the purchase ! !
my child already knows colors , shapes , etc . this game tends to bore her fast . she is above average in her knowledge .
gown is just as advertised . i am sure my 3 year old grandaughter will love it christmas morning . lots of bling !
the neighbor children flocked to my yard . this game is definitely a winner . i will order the others that's available
my grandson loved this for christmas . ready to go right out of the box ... would definitely recommend for around 1 ish ..
my sons love the movie how to train your dragon and the tv show . they love having these little dragons around . a great buy .
needed for the tapeffti project runway toy . so the creato juices can continue to flow . lol .. really a wonderful addition worth it .
bought this for 10 year old . it's exactly what she was looking for . goes well with her other dolls and she plays with it all the time .
a perfect size blue for a toddler.she loves it.high quality stitching . a great choice for your child or as a gift .
i found the material to be thin and not satisfactory . i ended up purchasing fleece in a fabric store and making my own quilt .
a great tiara for you little girl ! i bought it for her birthday party , but she coudln't wait for it .
this is a nice little tub of sorters and counters . learning resources always makes good quality toys .
my daughter is 5 and not only does she love playing this , but she has learned so many animal facts and has taught me a few things .
this is a great first mosaic kit for 2-3 year olds . my kids both started doing this and absolutely fell in love with sticky mosaics !
i enjoy the look of wooden toys for my young day care children . so far i think it is holding up well .
these finger paints were bought as a gift to go along with the specialty notepads it takes to use this item . my grandson is two and loves these
my kids love this toy . they have all the backyardigans , and they play with them all . they have a lot of adventures with these toys .
a classic toy to fascinate little two-year-olds ! the quality has not changed over all these years . love it ! so fun !
this lego set was for my granddaugher , she loves building lego sets ans especially enjoyed this one ! she also enjoyed playing with this lego set !
thanks guys , thought my son's copter was going to the junk pile.but then i found your product , and bam . flying againglad you were there
too cute mini-figure that my son was happy to receive - of course , most minifigures are cool - and we love the clown's little pie .
really cute and soft but adult hands have a hard time fitting in . other folk mania puppets gave no problem .
i liked these little water guns . they would make great party favors . they don't leak and are durable enough to withstand a few drops .
seems like it could have been a little cheaper for what it is . it's just a bunch of stickers for the kids to put on their stuff .
a great toy - just bought it for my daughter but don't buy it here !
my kids love lalaloopsy dolls and these are very strong and can withstand tons of play . will be back for more ...
my little one loves this moon and turns it on every night before he goes to bed . great product , would buy again .
case does exactly what it is meant to do ... hold things . holds the leap pad and games like a champ ! sweet .
this is a great toy ! my 1 year old nephew loves it ! i will probably be purchasing more of these animals
it's a portable fun machine we can take it on road trips and to school and play with it with others .
yes the little princesses will love them . i bought them as party favors for the little ladies and they love them .
i made this purchase for a child for christmas . i find it to be a teach and learn kind of toy and i am all about education .
i have twins and they love making these rubber band bracelets . pretty creative and something they enjoy doing . they also use them for there hair .
christmas gift for my grandsons . they loved this and so did their daddy ( my son ) . great little set for them all to play with
this was a gift for my nephew . he loves cowboys . the gun looks very nice , and opens to put in the ring caps .
as always lego has made another hit ! most boys love to work with legos , and my grandson is no exception !
just bought them to have extra clothes for the dolls i also purchased . nice accessories would recommend to any one purchasing the doll .
i have played this game with just about all of my friends and acquaintances . the suggestive immature jokes abound everywhere and it is glorious .
she received this for christmas and it's sooo easy for her to do . i've already been branded with 2 tattoos and they've upheld 2 showers . good quality .
such a pretty little doll ! my daughter loves her ! her hair can be a chore to take care of but still pretty ! her face is adorable !
excellent portrayal of a classic green goblin.articulation is lacking but the appearance covers e flaw.great sculpt and paint apps.awesome figure on shelf .
kids love it ! i just wish that it was a tad bit louder because even the loudest setting is really quiet .
very fun , educational and worth every penny . my 4 year old loves it ! ! yes i would definitely recommend this game .
my daughter enjoyed this for christmas she received it because she really liked the movie and did lots of role playing with it .
perfect size for play kitchen .. metal utensil holder , does not easily topple over . quality play utensils , holds up well with toddler use .
our grandson is crazy about tools . this workshop was the perfect xmas present for him . easy assembly and very sturdy .
awesome ! my grand-daughter loved it . was smaller then i expected but still awesome . packaged very well rcieved in timmely manner . thanks birdladypoole
she has all the years of barbie collector dolls on a shelf in her room , this completed her collection , however , she aged out
kids mastered it in a week or so and now no longer play with it . will trade it in for another game
very easy game for my 6 year old to grasp and the best part is , it doesn't last for days like your typical monopoly !
it works as described . it holds the leappad 2 and its games . it keeps it all together and protected . i like that .
not for very little kids but great product , good quality , saving ours for when my little one is 4 or 5
ethan loves this simple and fun game . we play this one also over and over when he comes to grandma's house .
disney products are usually very sturdy and my kids loved the nemo design :) the price was also very fair
this is a great simple puzzle . my grand daughter was about 8 months old when her mom bought this . it helped with dexterity skills and shape recognition .
... but after a while , the gets pretty fuzzy . other than that , she is just like the character on television ... nicely designed .
my seven year old put it together in 10 min . great for display . comes with a cool book of facts . not sure its worth the price .
my grandson has alot of the take-n-play trains so he will like this just as much as all the others that he has .
very nice addition to my play-doh fun factory . easy to clean and very useful to playing with play-doh . the kids just love the rolling pin .
you can never go wrong with getting a baby over 6 months this toy ! great ! !
nice bright , big pieces with clearly defined holes for the strings - just right for my 2.5 year old granddaughter !
if you want to have a spider-man who let himself go you need this for your beanie collection . he ate too many pizzas
i think you will love this as well . this is such a great idea and it will keep the kids entertained and safe at the same time
she loves it plays with it all day long she wants the big set now lol she will have it eventually
my girls love this ! works good and is worth the money . use it carful and it last just like the loom .
thick and durable . good size for under the art easel . folds up well when not in use for easy storage .
the kids love this set and it is " green " ! we love it as it can go in the dishwasher for cleaning .
i was disappointed with this family . they are not flexible enough to sit in chairs or anything . i should have kept with the fisher price loving family .
my little one loved this but quickly grew out of it . he doesn't play with it any more but it is in great shape .
really , that about sums it up . i love that you have a choice of action with a few of the cards
these are the best play dishes i have seen . i also love that they are food safe and dishwasher safe !
these crayons are great ! my 5 kids love how shiny they are . you can also draw on construction paper with them .
this is a simple , but fun game for most ages . it is great for travel as it is a card game .
bought two of these along with extra dart refill packages for my grandsons . they love them ! played with them for hours .
tons of fun to play with . they keep our son occupied for ever , and hey ... it helps keep electricity costs down :-)
star wars x wing is a great game . i'm still working this ship into my squad . not sure yet . i need more play time with it .
the rubber material is easily torn , we didn't get to use it once and it was torn before attaching . very cheap , do not recommend .
this is a must have for 3-4 year olds ... it makes it so easy for them to grip onto the leappad
more fun get add ons , more endless possibilities always need more people great collection . no matter how many legos you have
we love it . it doesn't leave a disgusting residue like the gymboree one . we use it with the hurricane bubble maker and it's a hit .
never tried pixos , but after trying these , there's no reason . these work great and are bargain-priced . highly recommend these beads !
bought for my 4 year old grandson ! he is very happy with the ability to read to himself ! great choice and great price !
my lil boy loves this broom good for kids , they learn how to clean while playing super cute and not breakable
my daughter loves chuggington , and this addition to her collection is great . i love all the trains and accessories . i highly suggest this item .
my granddaughter and all the children at her birthday party absolutely love this doll and the castle they immediately started playing with it
so we had to get jessie too . well made and durable , a great toy for all three of our kids , they love it !
my niece loved this set ! seems to be good quality no complaints here . will recommend to others . great addition to monster high !
while this is not my kids ' favorite in their leapfrogtag book collection , it's still a ton of fun and adds variety .
thekeep for my self dolls clothes are wonderful colors bright and eye catching wanted keep for my self but gave grand baby
this was the only doc mcstuffins toy that we could find that had all the characters . my daughter loved it .
this puzzle pieces are made of flimsy wood and there's wood chip on the edges falling off.not exactly smooth and safe for toddlers .
sh figurearts brings us an awesome looking krillin figure , it really captures the likeness of the character from head to toe
works great for my two year old son but there is no way he will be able to wear it next summer when he is three .
it was really flimsy . once you got something on it and washed it that was it . i just wasn't something we would order again .
big hit for party bags . no issues with the product . kids loved them .
perfect toy for my 3 year old granddaughter . she loves it and everything she has to say when you pull her string !
great product indeed didn't disappoint as normal . i love lego products everyone in my family uses them and plays with them . great buy !
i was worried about these , didnt think they would last too long but we have had them for months and they are in great shape !
this product is perfect for my 2 year old grandson . he loves it and it is sturdy and easy to use .
perfect for the little ones . love it . very interactive , sturdy and versatile . worth the money for months of entertainment . !
my toddler enjoys playing with this . the paint job isn't the best . there are some paint smudges and smears , but otherwise it's a nice toy .
my children love these cars . great sturdy product , however it is not as easy to put together as it looks ! super cute and worth every penny .
classic toy can't beat the price for hours of fun my kids have . i buy this for every child's 3rd birthday along with misses potato head .
my nephew loved his play piano toys , everyday i see him he is still playing with it . i cant complain ! ! !
excellent figure . large and heavy not your average figure . also looks just like frank miller batman which it's based . better than the dc direct version .
wish it came with more cups should have ordered a bigger set with that said i love them they are so much fun
these are so cute . they're so smooth and really good quality . can't wait to play with these with my daughter .
but it's nice and sturdy and works excellent . both the 3yo and the 1yo enjoy it . we've had no issues .
my little girl seems to love these fairies . good detail and creativity on the fairies . they were a great stocking stuffer for christmas .
we are building a brio train collection for my son . this tunnel works with the brio tracks and engines and was a great price .
another great family game from uno . this is the kind i prefer . easy to learn and enjoyable by all ages .
this doll is much better than scaremester or lagoonafire . she is very pretty and intricate in her design is well thought out .
my little granddaughter just loves these sets . i also bought her the nursery set and its great tor encouraging imaginative play .
cute but much smaller than expected . not made very sturdy either but my daughter enjoys using this with her american girl doll .
seems like a person can never go wrong with crayola products . nor can the little ones ever have too many . love crayola .
i bought these for my daughters for their rainbow looms and they work great . they are not cheap and do not break when trying to use them .
bought it as a birthday gift for my nephew . still waiting to see if he likes it or not before i can say anymore .
my son loves this ! super cute ! perfect for indoors or outdoors . we keep it indoors . compact enough to keep inside .
perfect for kitchen play and educational as well . they love sorting . them into baskets . i am very pleased with these
my son received this nerf gun for christmas this year and was very excited about it . his two brothers are extremely jealous .
if your little one is into construction , this is the perfect set . i always keep the assembly instructions for later re-assembly .
my little boy loves elmo and this toy reminds him of the show and videos he loves to play with it when watching his show
highly recommend . sometimes more than just one bunny pops up , but that makes my 3 year old laugh even louder . very well-made , cute game .
this doll charm my daughter , she's beautiful . recomndaria friends all mothers is a good product and good price.she like very muchplaying every day
got this for my wife as a mother's day gift . she has to make tough decisions every day and thought this would add a little humor to it .
i gave these to my three grand kids and they and their parents all had a lot of fun with them .
i now have 3 sets and am always looking for a new one . although there are only 9 cubes per box , they are great fun .
this truck was given to a 5 year old boy for a birthday gift . he loves trucks and i thought this was different !
these cones are great for preschool activities . they are brightly colored and sturdy plastic . excellent cones for the price . would order again .
i try and buy all them when on sale , this one is great , no exception ! my boys enjoy putting them together .
you cannot go wrong with legos . now if i could just get my child to pick them up so the dog doesn't eat them .
cheaply made , and smaller than i had envisioned , but they're just for party favors . and for the price , i wasn't really expecting much anyway !
this has been a joy to me as i love ticket to ride it game me more options which expanded the fun of the game
very nice puppet set for the money . my kids loved these and use them often . good quality and as always fast shipping from amazon .
my daughter loves it and learned her shapes and colors really fast by using this , and to her it is just plain old fun .
i baby-sit and have grandchildren . duplos are one of the favorite toys of all ages .
very nice doll stand . only wish they were sold in single quantity . still worth the price even if you only need 1 .
very nice she loved it ! xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xx
what can you really say about this ... it's soft a nice size and seems to be holding up fine with my kids rough play . good purchase .
great expansion . i love to create my own island scenarios . i think i'll be enjoying this for years to come .
it is a sticker book not much too say . nothing extraordinary or bad about the product . my kids liked it a lot .
my 5 year old daughter is addicted to doc mcstuffins . she carries it around the house all of the time . great quality and fast shipping .
there are so many colors and are so fun to use . my kids get these for every occasion . will buy again .
nice toy with lights n sound action but can be easily broken if to rough playing with it kids like it
gave this to my 9 year old son for his birthday as he is a lego / minecraft maniac and he loved it .
our son loves playing with this . it is well-made and the arrows fly a good distance , but not so far he can't find them again !
brilliant for a little scientist really good magnification from two viewing areas . extra specimen jars are useful but transferring the bug to the viewer can be tricky .
my kids treat the pets like they are real and take very good care of them . this is a good way to learn pet responsibility .
very cute and fun for the kids to play with . i use them with the other stacking dolls for sorting sizes and patterns .
my granddaughter loved this gift and it's one of the few things she always puts away neatly after playing with .
i was expecting the game to be more fun , but it's really a " one and done " game , for the most part .
bit pricey for the number of loops received ... looking for more as my little girl is having lots of fun with the pot holder maker
great for pretend play , great for kids who are big fans of pirates and like.its a must have for the little pirates ' ' argghh ' '
great condition fast and professional service . very happy with my product so far .. this toy child is christmas present for my child .
awesome little educational toy for my six year old that is learning to read and sound out letters . learning can be fun too .
great construction , fun toy . wheels work easily , nice color . grandson plays for long periods of time with his thomas trains and duncan is fun .
this is a great gift . my grandson loves this . fisher-price makes the best toys . i would and have recommended this toy for girls or boys .
the product is solid and as advertised but i wish they were a little taller but what the heck the kid is happy and loved it .
simple concept that she loved . i don't think it will last too long as it doesn't appear that durable . thumbs up .
now that there are remote helos out there with dual gyros this is not an item i would consider purchasing . helo's antenna gets in the way .
perfect " boy diary " . my son is reading diary of a wimpy kid and wanted a diary also and this fir the bill perfectly .
a little more flimsy than i expected , but price is great and the product delivers many hours of fun . perfect for a kids party
ordered for 1 yr . old granddaughter and she seems to like it a lot . she likes the songs and music .
my granddaughter received the nerf rebelle heartbreaker bow as an early christmas present . she loves it . happy granddaughter , happy grandparents .
when i bought this i thought it was a battery operated one , my fault for not reading well . still a good price , though at $ 7.99 .
these are as expected - little stick on earrings . they will last the majority of the day on my 5 year old daughter's ears .
great value , solid lego product . typical of lego , lots of little parts and big book of directions . fun moving parts .
purchased for 3 year old and he just loves these books . perfect for beginning to read and count . will purchase more .
i bought these for my daughter's for their rainbow loom's and they work great , not cheap and don't break . nice product !
this should have come with the elf on the shelf and not a separate purchase but since it didn't ... it was a cute accessory .
was sad that the discs inside were so thin and flimsy for little hands to use . grand-daughter did like to match the animals though !
we haven't found a sticker that won't peel off the pages . my daughter spent 2 hours christmas morning going through this book . great book !
this is a memory from when my kids were small and now the grand babys can enjoy it too , it will be geat .
this is great product and my granddaughter just loves it ! she has had this in the past and ran out .
children always wanted to help me , so bought this ! it has helped to teach them about cleaning up their messes .
my esl kids like this game for the vocabulary and the competition . i wish there were more animals on the board though as they repeat in this game .
the product came early and in great condition . action figures like these are expensive and difficult to buy in our country . worth it . grateful
our friends daughter was entranced by this . she hugged it , chewed the ears and feet and giggled like mad when it started talking !
just got this in and it is totally cheap . this is . 99 cents store quality with a fancy box.they ' re just plastic little balls :/
very impressed with the weight . my son can't stop shooting them around . i wouldn't shoot them in the house , they are heavy enough to break things .
our grandchildren ( ages 6-10 ) have had a wonderful time with this loom . after several months , they are still avidly producing all kinds of rubber-band creations .
my grandson loves flashlights this perfect not too bright for kids eyes ... super safe & cute !
my grandson loves his meowsic keyboard . he loves music and sings along with his playing . he is soon to be 3 years old .
barbies are my daughters newest favorite toy . this one is great and a really good price considering it comes with two dolls .
these were ordered in addition to the stomp rockets that were gifts for my twin grandsonssince the rockets are made of foam , i knew they would need the refills
cute little set - wasn't sure it could be used with the ninjago battle arena , but it works well - my grandson loves it !
this puzzle was fun to assemble and very cool looking . my toddler enjoyed this as an activity . we love large puzzles .
cute design but not worth the money . seems cheap . i bought as a gift , so was a little embarrassed the materials weren't a bit better .
got this to put in the kids new kitchen . it is clear these pieces will last a long time and get a lot of use .
it a ok toy for my son it would be good if the cd part of it would say more that just open and close
we love these , great for floating around and relaxing in the pool . we have ordered some as gifts as well .
i bought this bundle along with the melissa and doug easel which my granddaughter loved . it is a great addition to the markers and paint .
love them . they fit me and they fit my two year old , one of the best thing i got for the birthday party
nice enough product , priced questionably . i would purchase again because it was exactly what i needed for a special gift .
this bank is so cute and unbreakable . the rubber construction makes it perfect for younger children . i don't have to worry about this breaking !
our 4 yar old has the loving family doll house and many of it's accessories . the more the better . fisher price most definatly makes great products .
the toy is great , i think it's cute but why would anyone buy this toy from amazon when you can get it cheaper at a store .
great doll . easy care and no worries when a baby plays with the doll . my son and daughter love caillou
i bought these to go with my daughters innotab 2 that she got for christmas and she loves her new toy alot .
excellent presentation and packaging , as well as a collector's item , highly detailed and adequate size . i recommend it for collectors of transformers generations deluxe .
my 6 year old cousin loves all of the doc mcstuffins items and enjoys dressing up and curing her dolls
it is really cute , i'm sure one of the grandkids will love this for christmas . it is just the right size too .
i bought this doll for my little granddaughter and it didn't work but she is only 3 and she still liked it .
while it didn't take my son very long to build , he really enjoys playing with this ! some pieces are very small so i wouldn't recommend for smaller children
crazy fast . these were perfect stocking stuffers . we have mainly tile and hardwood floors so i can't say how they would handle on carpet .
everybody loves these little fellows , even the girls . they work very well but it is important to make sure that the string does not tangle .
product arrive quickly and as expected . would purchase this product again . the description given is very accurate . would recommend this to a friend .
another addition to my daughter's monster high collection . she just loves these dolls .
my kids fight over this ! they are four years old and four months old . both will spend a good amount of time with it .
very cool and fun . nice mother and daughter thing to do together on a rainy day .
i bought this as a gift for a 7 year old girl and she loved it . brings out the creativity juices .
came in original box and was as described . grandboy loves tmnt characters , the good ones and the bad ones . quality product !
according to my grandson you can never have too much ammo . he got one of the n-strike guns for christmas and now has plenty of ammo .
we are very happy with this product . easy to use and you get extra apps for the money . highly recommended !
what every little girl wants is a tiara that glitters and this one does . it makes the world of make believe seem real .
the crystal rainbow castle is from the g3 my little pony line , crystal princess . rare , but worth the high 75.00 price here !
we bought these for twoestes 1491 taser launch setrockets . they work great , and come with everything you need for launching . recommended .
i used it and saved money , i bought it when it was really cheap and not for the exact 20 of course .
i've bought this over the years for my nephews and my friends ' babies and they all love it . definitely recommended .
my nephew loves the truck though they are having problems figuring out the voice command .
sometimes updates of clone wars cartoon characters don't look so great but this one looks fantastic . very poseable and displays nicely .
it's a little quiet and hard to hear . the kids like it , but don't play with it all that much either .
i ordered this for my youngest grand daughter . she absolutely adored it and couldn't wait to read the book and get started with the elf .
it seems like a well constructed toy although a bit pricey . my grand son loves it , no other action figure can beat he-man .
this is the best investment i have made in a long while , i have an 8 year old niece who loves anything monster high , plays with this constantly
when my grandchildren come over they love to paint and this will be perfect for them . they will love the selection of colors .
i bought this for my 10 year old nephew , and he loved it . his 7 year old sister also loved it .
i have to say , leia makes a fun lego character . this item has great color , was well packaged and arrived on time .
i just needed a splitter that would get my sons's train set to loop back . this pack did it and has a few other options as well .
this is a fun game , however it has a lot of instructions that are a little complicated . it requires an adult to help the kids get started .
belle is wonderful . we have had hours of fun with her and she was worth every penny
this was purchased as a christmas gift for my almost one year old great grandson . i hope he will enjoy it .
this was a xmas gift for my grandson , its very educational and he even goes to sleep with it . highly recommend
lego duplos are great ! i have bought several sets for our grandchildren . this 71 - piece building set has a good assortment for their imagination .
this item seems solid and like something that will allow for imaginative play . like other melissa and doug items , i think it will be frequently played with .
this trike is very sturdy and easy for little legs to use . i would recommend it to anyone with a toddler ! also very easy to put together .
let's face it , what 4 year old boy doesn't love legos ? my son thought that this batmobile was the coolest thing ever !
my granddaughter loves all things barbie and this vacation house is her current favorite . it's girly , fun and low-tech ! even grandma can join the fun ! !
it's okay . it is now what i expected . i guess i didn't read the description that it hangs on table
jeans and shirt both fit my american girl doll perfectly . made well . i would be happy to buy more from this company .
love this crib , perfect size for a one to two year old . my daughter loves crawling in it and it is sturdy enough for that .
this is a great product . our daughter likes to push her babydoll around in the cart . no issues with it tipping over . i highly recommend .
my grandson enjoyed putting it together and it looks great as a wall picture i his room , it was that big .
my grandson loves this toy . it is durable and easily made for a young child to pretend pouring gas into a play vehicle .
my child loves this toy ! she talks , and has that adorable lambie voice and is big enough to cuddle back !
really cuteit was usually made ​ ​ of plastic toys , the shovel created and railway land could sell well.finish looks clean and safe for children .
this is a great set to go with the melissa and doug easil . it has everything you need to get your little one started !
i love playing this with the family . it is a great game to play with the family after dinner . .
this is a great game for the young and the old ! kept our daughters entertained for a long time without arguments . really like this purchase ! !
love , love , love this camper . our daughter loves playing with it ! she enjoys all of the little details ! so wonderful !
he is not able to stop playing with this and spends hours entertaining himslef with this item . a great find .
if you have bought the campfire kids imaginative campfire , then this set is a must to extend on their creative play .
purchased this for my granddaughter awhile ago and she loves it , just a note purchase extra play-doh u will need it .
i bought this to go with the klip klop pony farm set . this is a very cute addition and my daughter loves it !
and i've convinced the little guy that it keeps vampires and zombies chased away , so it makes a fairly good night light , too .
i didn't know what to expect with this toy but it is really awesome . our daughter loves watching it go all around on the floor .
the kids bought me one of these for christmas and they won't stop playing with it :) . we have bought 1 more for friends
my niece loves it . she loves the while lego friends line . very happy that i got it for her . it's fun
i got these balls to go along with the koosh star wars angry bird sling shot . worked as expected , no complaints . recommend .
this is anther great toy that really gets my 3 year old to use his imagination ! it is so much to explore in the bath ! recommend !
my 4 year old really likes this play . great for independent play . has some cool phrases and volume control . sturdy toy .
not the best out there , will work on kindergarden age kids but too obvious for older kids . i've seen ones that are lighter made and faster moving .
my foster son is delayed & this toy is great to assist him in learning to jump and strengthen his legs .
my son loves it . i just wish it were a little more durable , other than that it is a great product .
got this puppet to go along with a puppet house my daughter is getting for christmas . can't believe how quickly i received this !
i am trying to teach my 3 year old how to tell time . it's still a work in progress ! not sure yet !
simple game , better suited for a 2 year old . my grandson quickly out grew this game . he has more fun with the big tweezers !
so cute & realistic ! i got for my 8yr old son for christmas - he loves it ! i love this brand !
had a couple pop pre-mature , but these have to be the best balloons so far ! good mix of colors and good quality .
i love this stuff ... my great grand baby loves it ... will buy more colors and it mixes really cool into other colors ...
great way to keep the messes to a minimum ! my daughter loves to paint with these nice big brushes and the containers make it easy .
my daughter thought this was the cutest jacket and earmuffs ever . this set fits her american girl doll perfectly and its very soft .
this is pretty cool , but i got it way cheaper than it is now . i would suggest not spending over 10 bucks for this .
love it like all other jigsaw from this brand , my son age four enjoys doing them .
my granddaughter has had a mobigo for some time , but needed to update to games for her age , this did it and she loved it .
my 3yr . old son loves this toy . can take along with you for the day and still keep all accessories in tact . cute toy
this is a great product for school kids . whether you home school or public school this is a fun and interesting resource .
awesome doll . my only wish is that they'd release her sister genie as well . i would love to have her too .
these are fun . so gross . i forgot i had them and they fell out of a box and it scared the poopsies out of me !
just a great as the other sw lego products i have - only problem i have at the present time is where to store them all !
this did not fit my metal doors . also , the wand is short and if the door is tall you would not be able to reach it .
my 2 1/2 yr old likes the game and it isn't too complicated for her to figure out . good purchase
we didn't want to replace the copter , so finding the parts we needed was a great option . they are just as pictured .
i bought this for my 2 year old daughter . she laughs and laughs at it . lots of fun for a kid who loves dogs .
i love these toys . they are very well made and have held up to all my kids abuse .
what a great gift for a child who really likes the transformers . i hear about it all the time . glad i got it for him .
what flaps in the night and strikes fear into the hearts of men ? the batman knows ! ! get yours right away .
excellent quality ! great for educational purposes . keeps children involved for hours ! great for autistic children too ! a really nice learning tool .
very cute . i bought it for my granddaughter , and she loved it right away . she likes the bell peppers the best .
got this for grandson and it was a hit at his party . it works great to keep all his cars in one place and organized .
my 4 year olds fav game but it locks up all the time . plz fix it this problem then it would be a 5 star .
7 - year old has had many hours of fun tracing , coloring , adding emblishments , etc . great value and would recommend it to others .
very nice learning toy for my grandson ! ! ! he loved it right out of the box .
my 15 month old can use it easily . i removed the hand magnets until she is older . she can easily draw and erase . great toy !
go diego go is more lean towards preschool kids . my godson liked it , but wouldnt recommend it for past kindergarden level !
bought this for my daughters leappad . we only use it for traveling and we download all of our games but it works great .
this is a great toy ... we filled up a pool ... added a slide in the playroom and all the kids love it . i would buy again
my grand sons love playing with the interactive talking dinosaurs . a great toy for young children . you have to have at least two of them for talking .
great starter game for younger kids ( as young as 3 or 4 depending on maturity level ) . it's easy to play and both mine love it !
falls over a lot , impossible to " walk " . kids liked it for about a week then they were over it . fail .
great , cheaper alternative to the elf on the shelf . same concept but less creepy looking ! my kids love it very much
so large it must be put on the floor ! a great way to while away the time . we all have fun with this one . thank you .
my grandson is into dinosaurs and this was one of three set i got him for christmas . he was happy with this one .
this game is loved by both our son and daughter . it is a good way to get them to practice math . well-done , fun game .
the kids had a lot of fun with this . they could play with this for hours . my sons went to school and told their friends about it .
this doll is a cheap and wonderful addition to any collection big or small ! whoever receives this as a present should love it !
i bought this toy for my youngest . he loves it . great size for a 2 year old . i would recommended it for a 2 year old .
i got 10 ! i wish i'd gotten 14 . great detail and due to the extra pack-ins it has great versatility too !
nice little chests for storing teeth and you get so many that you can put a little treat inside and give them out as gifts or party favors .
granddaughter loves playing with this doll in the bathtub . easy to change from surfer to mermaid . joints in knees and hips makes it easy to pose .
this fire engine is very cute ! my granddaughter loved it , and i'm sure my grandson will as well . well made ...
this piano is heavier than i imagined when i ordered it . my grandson loved it and i think it will last a long time .
my one year old is scared of this , but my husband and i love it ! ! the echo is a neat idea .
a wonderful puzzle for a 3 year old . all of the gowns are a different color , which made it easier for her to put together .
as always , melissa and doug items are high quality . the kids love this puzzle toy . the magnet catches well and holds the pieces .
ever try buing something pocoyo ? it's not easy to get something the kids want and don't have . this is it !
my son loves his goomba plush . he is very rough with all of his plushes and goomba is still in good shape .
mcfarlane has been sucking with those terrible halo figures , but i have to admit these walking dead figures are just awesome !
my baby loves this toy ! fun songs , volume control and great size for her little hands . my 3 year old likes it as well
lots of fun . our toddler loves reading along with these books . scout is a favorite book and he reads it over and over .
it took me a while to warm up to the new suit he is wearing but once you do this figure will be a must have
not the cootie i remember form the 80 ' s . different legs and the boy pieces don't stay together that well . but same cute concept
my son loves disney cars and he has quite the car collection . sally has made a great addition to his collection .
great little set , all the characters are a nice size . good quality . happy with this purchase and my daughters both enjoy it as well
this was a wonderful gift for my child . the box is so very cute and there are lots of fun stickers inside .
i thinck she like this one to so she can cart it around were ever she gose or to vist aute bannan that's me
my daughter just loves her fisher price seahorse . i make sure to turn it on for her at nap and bedtime . she goes right to sleep !
this is great to keep in the car . my 7 year old daughter loves it , and the time flies by ! nice and durable .
can you really go wrong with play doh ? he has played with this all day . loves anything construction so this was a winner .
we love this toy . it makes learning circuitry easy and fun for even the precocious 2-3 yr old . great gift and educational tool .
they look like rats they do not look like cats ! i do not recommend this product at all ! waste of money
more ammo for our pop-a-shot ! beware . they are the perfect size to get stuck in a canister vacuume nozzle and are not fun to get ou !
easy to hold . bright and color coordinated . perfect for toddler painting . worth the buy ! no complaints ! my kid loves them
very fun . you can write on the chalk board with the enclosed pencil . my first grader loves playing school with this .
i bought this for noah , a 4 yr old that i babysit . he really likes it . he calls it mustache man . :-)
i really like this tower . pascal does get stuck , but not a big deal . my girls enjoy playing with this .
this is a great number puzzle even for little kids because you don't have to worry about them choking . great long lasting ' toy ' .
the new owner loves this thing , spends many hours " working " with it . great gift for tween !
we play this with our 7 year old , and we all love it ! :) fun for adults , not just families .
balls do not stay in bowl of toy very well and fall out hole that is suppose to pick them up . would not recommend this toy .
my boys are obsessed with melissa and doug foods . and this is just another great item for them to offer all of their visitors !
this set is one of the best and cheapest ways to get storm troopers . i have bought it nearly a dozen different times .
stacking feature is good , she's not old enough to use them in the tub yet , but i'm sure she will enjoy them . great colors !
i pretty disappointed with the design of the toys . if u wan to collect transformers , buy the generations . it way better
help friend to buy thus cant give reviews . but it look good to me . hope my friend's son love it .
easy fun trick . 5 year old can perform without any issues . if your looking for a simple trick this is it .
had to buy woody to go with buzz they are so cute and colorful good for our almost 2 buckaroo
this makes your cup cakes look cool and they're rings . unlike the green lantern rings , these rings are from good movies , the original star wars trilogy .
awesome little bath toy . my nephew loves it and it teaches a bit of physics at the same time
this is the second one we've purchased for someone in the one year range . both little ones have loved it !
who doesn't love angry birds ? my son wanted this one to complete his collection . he will be thrilled with it .
easy to put together and looks attractive and sturdy . bedding meant that dolly could go to bed immediately . good value for money
what can i say ? my little girls loves anything disney princess - so getting all of them in one box is perfect .
the kids at the party loved these . they were a big hit . hard durable plastic and can reuse the eggs once open .
this pistol is plastic and very easily broken . my grandson was not very happy about it and i really should have known considering how inexpensive it was .
highly recommend these for the kidkraft track pieces and im sure the other major brands of wooden tracks . sdgsfgfsgsafdzfhdfghdfgdfagfsdagfdag dgdgdfgdf
i got this for my grand kids , and they love it along with the adults . we all play with it . it is versatile and fun toy .
this is really well made . perfect for toddlers . it is a safe fun item . my grandson loved it and started mixing things right away .
fun anna doll from frozen . she is so cute and very colorful . the doll is good quality and has fun features that your child will just love .
really cool details that are 3 year old appreciates . the size and pull-back function are ideal . pretty good quality and value for the price .
the grand kids love to play games when they come over so we ordered these cards as another options for them .
as for a lot of advertised toys , it was a bit of a disappointment as a follow up to the tv ads .
this dragon was a birthday present . she loved hos horns and the opaque nature of his body . she also liked the webbed feet to help him swim .
i was disappointed this dog is to small to play with for any toddler and to small for an infant . i would not buy again .
one of those accessories that they know you need , costs almost nothing to make , and charge you insanely high prices for .
7 year old loved her katniss doll . even if it is a " collectible " , i got it for her to play with . and she did :)
he wants so bad to keep up with big brother , and this little thing lets him have an rc car too .
great toy . esp for the lil ones .. and myself . lol good quality and a fab price . great find and kids really enjoy it ..
a great game for two or more players ! such silly fun ! we own nearly all of the fluxx games . highly recommend them .
my daughter loves playing with her doll house , so this was a perfect fit ! we have tons of the loving family items and they are all great !
what can i say there are a bunch of them and they are cheap was great for a party was able to give each kid several
i bought this for my 7 year old grandson and he loves it . he has already made 2 of the things in this set .
great puzzle . bought for my 2 yr old niece , she loves it . the pegs make it easy to grab the pieces and bright color are nice
i think these r cute . but dont hold up as good as i thought i was really disappointed a little but the kids r not .
she remembered this specifically . super age appropriate for 10 yr . old . i always buy stuff i had as a kid .. its a classic .
i do daycare and the kids were always fighting over the one stroller . i got this one and it works great !
my little one loves this doll ! it is the perfect first doll and completely durable for washing & safe for tiny ones .
these helpers are a great addition to the game . they add options without making the game too complicated or making game longer to complete .
i like the colors of the dishes in this set . it is a great quality and my kids have had lots of fun playing with them !
great flying and toughly constructed . i placed it on the top shelf of my helicopter collection . . .
easy to understand and play , my son loved it and the projectile flies high really.loved is tough , and very simple and fun .
spiders are super cool as is this lego set ! if you are a fan of the hobbit this is a great set to get .
bought this for my 6 year old daughter . she loves barbies and dollies . it kept her busy for a good 1.5 hours .
my granddaughter is in love with elmo and this one is so soft . she sleeps with it every night and carrys it everywhere with her .
just like the kind you remember from when you're a kid . this is such a hot phone . it is so fun .
i got this for my twin grandkids . i think my granddaughter plays more with it than my grandson . lol great price , fast shipping .
entirely too expensive for what you get . three whole recordings / actions . this got played with for 10-15 minutes before it was tossed aside .
my kids have been looking for this for a while . it was what i had expected . there were no issues when it arrived . kids love it .
my daughter really loves her clover bunny , and i think for the price it is made very well . it isn't stiff or cheap looking .
brought for 4 year old grandchildren . we now have the beginning of our own marching band . grandchildren love it we love music
it has become their favorite " announcement " machine used prior to their little shows and dancing routines . they also like to sing along .
another truck my grandson requested for xmas . he's going to love it . seems like it will be durable and tons of fun .
the quality seems ok . they are durable enough . they are small and good to use as party favors with a little coloring book .
all wooden trains are simply better quality and are safer for children . they are made well , and are quite durable .
love ~ ! love ~ ! love ~ ! of all the play doh sets this is the one they love the most . i highly recommend this product .
these are great little family dolls from the movie and are super funfor any girl that likes brave movie . lots of fun time .
my son is obsessed with letters and numbers and this was a great learning tool while working with his hands . i recommend getting the letter ones as well .
my 7 year old loves this game i got for his birthday . he learns from it and plays it all the time . happy with my purchase !
i got this for my friends 4 year old to begin learning to read . she and he are both excited about . perfect ! !
gift for my grandson ... he put it on his list of things he'd like to have . i purchased it for christmas gift .
bought this for a day care . it has lasted 5 months so far . i got it for the girls but everyone likes it .
this is a great set of food . our 20 month old granddaughter loves this set and plays with it every day . i would highly recommend this set .
these really protect the girls computers . they think they are going to work with them . we love them because they keep their stuff safe .
great for a get to gather with friends . this game can have you on the floor laughing . if you like apples to apples you'll love cah .
can't wait to get the castle to hear them talk . their bottoms don't really fit into the usual little people cars but pretty cute anyways .
good toy , very quality . i recommend is a good gift.it is very similar to the figure of the cartoon and fun .
purchased this for my 1 year old son and it's really big but he loves to play with it and measures everything .
my 20 month old son loves this puzzle . he has been playing with it for a few months . really helped with learning his shapes and colors .
big dude here for the price can't wait till my granddaughter gets here to see her surprise ! ! ordered several different plushes for her ..
this is a perfect machine . will keep kido's entertained for quite a while with the fun they will be having . highly recommend this product
super cute doll and my daughter loves it . she continues to play with it as she has gotten it over a year ago . would recommend .
these are difficult to get to work together . glad we only paid $ 5 . the instructions arent very helpful at all .
love these paints . i have purchased them in the past & will continue to purchase in the future . perfect for a 3 year old !
my grand daughter 5-6 collects these . my son tells me she plays with them evry day and keeps them at hand.very nice toy .
my daughter loves disney no less minnie so she really has fun with this . keep her happy in car ... keep us happy in car
perfect pack for exploring kids . my son wears this for everything from bug hunting to metal detecting . plenty of room for treasure .
this stamp set is fantastic . wonderful for teachers who like to stamp quizzes or just as an addition to a kid's craft kit .
this is the perfect transition hoop for kids . i just need a replacement ball since the dog got a hold of the original :(
just right to add to those little girls kitchens without having to buy everything one at a time to save costs
i bought this set for my 5 year old granddaughter and she has played with it endlessly since christmas . any of the lego friend sets are perfect gifts .
will not play king of tokyo without this expansion . makes each monster distinct , adds complexity and length to the game , but not too much .
7 year old spent time the day after christmas to build this . took a little less than half a day .
i don't know what to say about this toy . it is made like dollar store cheap crap . i shouldn't of wasted my time ...
makes pretend play more fun for my granddaughter . good variety of foods that really look real to my granddaughter . thanks .
nice simple magnet set , but don't ever take out the fillings or it will be one huge mess ! supplemented it with other magnets for homeschool .
the kids love to make their own ice cream cones and there's enough so 2 of them do not fight over it . great toy !
you can't beat the " crayola " brand ! these are great & easy to clean up too ! colors are very nice ! enjoy !
we love playing this game for family board game night . it is a little challenging but very fun and worthwhile to play with a small group of people .
another good lego product . the grandkids enjoy them everytime . the kits keep getting better and better . always a good present .
my kids like to sit inside this - - it's fun . it's easy to store - - it just twists into its own bag and slides anywhere .
got it for my daughter.she loved it.this item is up to par with other barbie dolls.you wont be disappointed .
got it as a christmas gift for a child . it's cute and well made and the size was perfect to play with .
my lil one loves to put things in and out of this bucket ! it has been well worth the money !
totally recommended , my order arrived in perfect condition and my daughter will be happy with your gift and bring a great surprise
this is a retro looking riddler that looks exactly like the riddler from the old batman series . it's an awesome figure . very well made with good articulation .
polyhedral 7 - die gemini dice set - blue-steel with white ; a wonderful set of gaming dice to march the ice in your veins when dispatching your characters enemy's
i was so excited to find this plane ... its so stinking small ... a wee bit disappointing for my grandson when he opened the gift ..
lego friends are beloved by my 11 year old daughter . she has the best time creating various lego structures using the lego friends and her brother's legos .
what can i really write about it . its a big truck for a young child . you pull it back and off it goes .
well made for price . gave to 6 year old who loves pokemon . i would recommend to any pokemon lovers out there .
i received this item on time and in good condition . my granddaughter really enjoyed and still enjoying this item . i would recommend this item to anyone .
i purchased this item a year ago and it is still holding up strong . my daughter plays with it constantly !
a wonderful doll with bendable limbs that make dress-up time a little easier . she's fun to pose and play with . great quality and appearance .
my son wanted a hedwig owl for himself after reading the harry potter series for the second time . this owl is well made and super soft !
was a gift for grandchild was disappointed because the item was not as described . it said it would glow and it did not .
these are really nicely designed blocks that take a lot of abuse from my toddler . the animals pictures have nice detail . very sturdy . made in the us
i saw it in a local store and loved it . my grandchildren love it too and play with it often .
very cute , my son loves his market . my husband put it together in about 10 minutes and we have been having fun with it ever since .
this set is way smaller than what i expected . it is smaller than most sets i have seen in the store . very unhappy .
these are nice-looking , good-quality dice . i find it to be a great companion to the pound-o-dice , as it's always good to have one coherent set .
this was a christmas present for my 10 yr old daughter and she loved it and it really is colorful and cute .
my son loves this ! its very soft and durable which is perfect for a little guy who plays and cuddles hard :)
but it works . we enjoy a few minutes of playtime with this toy.cons : no volume adjustment . sometimes it seems quite loud .
what can you say about the toy that rock the world . he is a great addition to any childhood . he is loved everyday .
this thing is huge and sturdy . love it . nice upgrade on the old metal slinkys of the past . works great on standards stairs .
i don't know what it is like . it is a christmas present . but it is what the kids asked for . price was great and free shipping .
baby boots was the hit of the birthday party.my grandaughter was delighted he showed up with a great big smilewould buy again
got this for my grandson along with replacement balls for my grandson . he loves to pretend and roll play . can't wait to see him use this .
thank you , im very happy with the purchase monster high spectra vondergeist bed playset , i'm super satisfied , of excellent quality
the case is great for storing the pen and a few books . i recommend it for keeping track of the pen , especially .
love these dice.well worth the money , and are put to use every game i play.my favorite color too !
my granddaughter loves these . plays with them every day . she has a ball pit and puts these in it and is content to just sit & play .
on christmas morning the adults played this before the kids had a chance ! it took them 20 minutes to figure out what they were - much laughing !
we used these as party favors and decorations for a mermaid and pirate birthday party . very cute , but they are mini ducks , just to be clear .
love the game . i still like the barrel better , but i love the idea of the built in storage for the dice ..
quality with fun details . 5 year old son looooves it ! secret compartment is awesome and so is the skullatch w jewels .
pretty good size and the color is beautiful . our son loves it and plays with it often . very happy with the purchase .
i bought this for my grand-daughter . anything made by leapster is great . she loves it . it's lots of fun and also educational .
my grand daughter loves playing with this doll great price too . she has the frozen castle that goes with it too
play doh has always been a great buy for young and old . also purchased doh tools to go along with the fun .
good control & response - nice to get a reasonably priced remote control car that actually works well , & we have been through many !
bought this set because of the sheer number of minifigs that came with it ! ship design alittle small but nevertheless , had fun playing with it for hours !
this little shield has been so fun for my son . it shoots bullets from it and is great for imaginative play .
my kids love playing this game . it's great for a wide range of ages ; everyone loves the little tile machine .
i love it my great granddaughter was thrilled when she got it and it keeps her occupied for hours it great ! !
this was a favorite toy for my children and now my grandchildren love it too.this toy does not requires batteries .
the one thing we always need are more nerf darts , we are always losing them behind the couch and under things , great investment !
this is an excellent game and my four year old loves to play this game ! it made a great birthday gift for her male classmate as well .
great gift for my little sister and she loved making it but it only came with one purse to create .
my niece ( 6 ) loved playing with these . she is very smart and still found these to be a great form of entertainment and creativity .
bought for a grandson who love music . the set is so cute and he was playing the drum right away . highly recommend .
nothing gets better than this lego cargo train ! 7 year old son had fun transporting the little cars.great that we can control the speed of the train remotely .
absolutely great , the sword is perfect for my little 4yo boy , he watches the 80s thundercats , the sword grows and fits perfect for him .
my granddaughter got the leapfrog tag system for christmas so we gave the pixar finding nemo . she loves nemo so this made her happy .
i love these markers . they are easy for kids to open and close and they have nice , bright , vivid colors . the size is nice too .
my son is going to be so excited to transform his bedroom into the solar system ! this is a great gift for a young boy who love space !
we got this for my two year old for christmas and it is very cute and seems well made . great size for her too .
purchased this for my grand kids as my children had these when they were little and truly enjoyed them and spent a lot of time drawing pictures !
this really is a quick game and it's fun to play with two people . kinda like a different version of speed .
my grandson wanted these and several other jake items . he has had them for a while now , and continues to play and play with them .
my son loves his kit . the dinosaur falls apart easily so we had to find somewhere for it to perch where it wouldn't be disturbed .
not very exciting to any of us . great concept but no one ever seems to want to play this game .
the doll its so beautiful , and all her details are amazing , i would defenetly buy another one and it was cheap
my son loves spongebob so this was a perfect gift . he loves having all the characters and great size to play with but not get lost .
it just wasn't all that much fun . it's more of a gag gift . i don't think anyone could get really good at this , but who knows .
we purchased this for an arts and crafts project for kindergarten and my daughter won first place . great product ! xx
the kids loved these as a party favor , but they are very cheaply made . the fabric isn't even finished on the ends .
this is a very nice puzzle that comes in a study reusable container . especially good for adult playing with the child . would make a great gift .
i ordered this for my kid cousin for christmas . she loved it and her mother said it was adorable ! she decorated it immediately .
this torch is super-cool . it flickers and is made of thick plastic , so it won't fall apart easily . so far , my son loves it .
my son enjoyed not only putting it together but also using it . it's good to find things that is educational and fun for your kids
this was purchased for a smaller swingset , for a 4 year old to use . she can reach it and loves it .
we gave this as a birthday gift for a 6 year old girl . she loved it . good price for this item .
another great ninjago piece from lego . this is a fun diversion and goes nicely with other pieces made by lego .
if your child plays on their leappad 2 very much this will save you tons of money . super easy to install and charge .
this accordion is just as promised . four year old grandson is able to make good sounding noise with it ! we are all happy with it .
yes it has a lot of pieces but it's an old fashion great toy . it needs a bit of help from adults with the ironing .
the quality is excellent . it's fun stacking & making the sandwiches . the tuna can be opened as it has a velcro . very satisfied with the product !
my daughter loves to play with this set . keep in mind though it does not come with the monster high figures so you have to buy them separatley .
my son loves getting all the cars and he thought it was great to get the leader of the bad lemons
i received both items on time , my sons cant put them down , they are kinda heavy to be toys , wow . ( rhino and abomination )
my granddaughter had fun trying this bank . it took everything she fed it . this can be a good teaching tool , if used properly .
these amazon bears are the collectible , soft cuddly kind - looking bear new in 2013 . so nice to be able to get them every year .
this is one rude dude ! ! grandkids loved him ! they also have a furby boom and another rocker , so the fun was on ! !
it is a cards against humanity expansion pack . it you have ever played the game you are gonna get the expansions . worth it !
nice little projects for my 7 year old grandson and i . some are not very exciting although they teach good theory . worth having .
no castle is complete without furniture , though these can still be a lot of fun without the castle . very cute and well-made .
granddaughter loves this ! she loves all orbeez and now since she has 3 of them , she wants the rest ! they are pretty cool !
comes with a good array of cards . and for a kid they think it's neat to get so many cards at once and it's a good price
my granddaughters , 6 and 8 years old , really enjoy playing this game with mom ! it's easy to learn and fun to play and keeps them busy !
this was the life of the party . the girls at my daughter's party had so much fun with these .
i would recommend , its a sturdy toy and my son has spent many hours since christmas playing with his " super guy " toy .
these pots and pans fit in great with my daughter's wooden play kitchen . she plays with it every day . it has held up quite nicely .
this outfit is great . very well made and so much more affordable then the ag line . my granddaughters love it
granddaughter is collecting them and she has enjoyed all she has gotten and will continue to get as gift from family .
my daughter likes anything sofia . the characters are well priced . the quality is above average for plastic dolls , and these still provide hours of playtime .
we all love playing with simon . a classic that everyone loves . even my 4 yr old is good at it .
purchased for 3 year old daughter , works well with her castle , no issues , i hope she has them all now ...
all the furniture doesn't really fit very well in the house , so they should have either made the house bigger or the furniture smaller .
this is a great yo-yo for beginners . it handles well and is great for basic tricks . doesn't mind being dropped a few times either !
my nephew loves it . that's all you need to know when reviewing a children's toy . the pure joy and excitement it brings to them .
i've had this tank for almost two years ! crazy ! very easy to use and super light weight to pick up .
they are thick and durable . i recommend surrounding them with tape for small children . that way they last much more .
pieces are hard to connect and it is very flimsy . when completed it works for a few times but then you have to readjust things .
we love this game . it is so easy to learn and so fun and i love that it incorporates math .
both my boys , 5 and 7 love this diary with the lock and key . it's small enough to hide and to take along places .
my 7 year old daughter asked for this barbie for christmas and she carries it around everywhere , talking into it and having barbie repeat her . constantly !
great item from mcfarlane toys . beautifully done and with the open flowing shirt and details much more realistic . third in my collection .
good quality materials . fit american girls dolls good . shiny silver shoes . match with a lot of different outfits . easy to put on
its funny at first , but gets boring after a while . lots of hoops to jump / confusing directions if you want to play the right way .
digger is just perfect . so soft and so many places to stuff . zachary loves him . thank you santa for digger
my 2 year old toddler loves this pillow pet . he hugs and cuddles with it when he's tired . i think it's so adorable and cute also .
i had this as a child and spent many hours playing with it ! it is a great creative toy . there are so many possibilities .
my grand daughter loved it . fits her play . came in the right time . i would recommend it as it is good .
thought i would plan ahead and get replacement darts for the nerf-n-strike i am getting for my grandson . can't have enough foam darts !
should have ordered moreit was a big hitit arrived promptly was in good shape and i was pleased
was smaller than i thought it would be but it is a cute as can be . my 4 year-old granddaughter loved it .
i didn't use those parts yet but they look as described and arrived quick from china . i hope they last as long as the originals .
i love melisa and doug toys . these are nicely made toys . propeller on the plane spins just fine without protruding too much to create a hazard .
not easy to do but it's fun ! if done by young children they will need help from adult . the sticker sticks will , very strong .
if you bought the easel , buy this paper . it's great quality and makes the easel super easy to use , even for a 4 year old .
since we have a new baby brother , the big sister wanted to feed her doll at the same time that mommy was feeding the baby .
my daughter loves this set . it is a must-have for any young child who likes to play teacher or school . very good quality .
my son liked this alright . however , it does smudge / smear when your hand is on the board . otherwise , fun project for kids
these are great ! they color the water for bath time to make it more fun . you can mix nod match the colors too .
love it . do not take tiara off , leave bands that hold it in place bc it will not stay on otherwise .
this was just what was asked for santa clause to bring ! a great present to share and i could not be happier ! !
my grandson asked santa for a " mixer " truck for christmas . mission accomplished ! it fits in perfectly with his already large collection !
this is cute , but the ice cream scoops don't stick together and they just fall off . it just wasn't worth the money .
got this for my granddaughter for christmas and she absolutely loves it . amazon had the best prices by far of anywhere i found . love my amazon .
since the moment my kid open his gift he love it , he started play immediately and always try to check and play a little every day
this lego set is great ! makes 3 dinosaurs ... my 9 yr . old loves to build and this was great for him ! !
this is the type of toy that the adult likes to play with too - even the one year old was playing with it
i bought this to go with the wheels set and thedoors , windows , & roof tiles set.it came on time and in new condition.it provided hours of fun .
this is a good value for the eggs , but several of them had plastic sticking out and looked cheap . but , it served the purpose .
this set is fine and dandy although my daughter hasn't played with it yet . the child has too many toys .
my eight year old granddaughter enjoys building these machines and they are educational . we previously bought the " gears " kit and both kits are good .
was very shocked with how small these were . i read somewhere that they were an inch long however i have yet to see one that fits that bill .
this is a wonderful gift . my grandson loved it . goes along great with all of the other seaseme street toys .
this is a great classic sorter for babies and the perfect way for them to learn their shapes . very sturdy and well made .
son was very happy with it but i would recommend two of them . would be much better if you could fight with them .
if your little one has a stella baby , this is a must . it isn't the sturdiest stroller i've seen , but , will work just fine .
nice size and adorable ! grandson will have fun with this come this may . santa had enough stuff for the little man . this gift will have to wait
bought it for 3 yr old who enjoy it a lot . he is able to do it by himself after 3x . will recommend it to friends .
got for lil boys ' big zig rig little people truck.truck only came with 1 car - needs 3 .. these are really cute . fast shipping
santa brought this as a christmas gift . our star wars loving 5 year old loved it . a must have for the star wars fiend .
i think this webkinz is bigger than other webkinz but smaller than the signature ones , but maybe that is just me .
great for 4-8 yr olds . comes with a book that has the pieces labeled in it and , a couple examples of things to build
i bought one for a grand daughter , liked it so much that i bought one for the grandson as well .
really cute . wish it was a little bigger but i knew it was gonna be the size it was . my daughter loves it .
my neice love it . the material is really original . it can be wash easily , totally recommend for minnie's fans . .
best toy , didn't see it selling in singapore . my son likes it and this is easy to install , thank you
got a tons of use at birthday party ! easy to use and well tolerated on sensitive skins !
it's not a super exciting toy , ok , but if your child is a power rangers kid , then it's a must have .
the 30 inch magic dragon ... is cute ! easy to blow up ! i used it for a table arrangement because its too small to use any where else
great ebook for the money . my little 3 yr old loves it . a must for anybody who's child loves thomas
my grandsons love them all and enjoying them all . i strongly recommend the purchase to make every little boy very happy .
this has been a great tool in teaching my toddlers how to thread beads on a string . i've also used it for sorting colors . great buy !
original look bot the boom parts are a little brittle so try not too crash ... but overall if your a collector its a must have ...
dolls are just wonderful , fun-filled . my niece in thailand will enjoy these , as will her friends . their journey is a long one .
wish they had put another princess besides ariel since she is with eric in another pack - maybe snow white since she is only in a big pack
i bought quite a few of these for christmas gifts and they worked out just fine . the kids loved them .
my son loves it . seems well made but not much to it . i did find it at target for half what i paid . paid $ 12 .
not as popular as i thought . great filler for our prize tent . it was a great value and would use again as fillers for prizes .
works great with all the duplo blocks . arrived promptly and is just the right size for the bigger blocks for the younger ones .
my granddaughter loved this set ! good craft set , arrived on time , and was a great christmas gift . great set for her .
every thomas train i have ever bought is still being used by my 12 grandchildren . they love them , therefore , so do i ! !
our son very much enjoys this book and reading about all of the things that go . i highly recommend this book .
it is good to see our little guy learning better coordination and finding lots ot things to do with his truck .
because this lego comes with a chase mccain figure it is a bit more desirable than some of the other smaller lego kits .
my grand son loved it . his eyes were out his face when he saw the gift , he loved it very much
i bought this for my grandson's birthday . he was very excited when he opened the package and saw the hexbugs .
well i have purchased several little tikes items for my grandchildren and i've never been disappointed . this is very sturdy and a good value .
these are terrific for little hands ! make sure to purchase the melissa & doug spill proof paint cups to go with them !
hello this is my fourth review dragon ball z s . h figuarets version vegeta he come with many hands and 3 heads
i thought my girls would love these for their ag dolls but in actuality they don't play with them much .
the doll was purchased for my granddaughter . she has other 18 " dolls that can share clothes with this one . the doll was very well constructed .
this set was exactly what i was expecting . my son loves it and they seem pretty sturdy except one of the utensils that is a little wobbly .
perfect addition to my little nautical scene with all the jewels , jewelry , and gold debloons . thanks so much for the sturdy boxes .
lego always does a great job . lots of bricks at a good price . the carrying case is sturdy and can fit extra legos from other sets .
you and your kids will be really glad that you bought these . these are super useful . my kids love them .
our 18 month old daughter loves the stuffed bunny . made from great , soft material and the perfect size for our little daughter . would buy again .
this is a cool toy for the office but be prepared to have office mates stay and chat a little longer after they check this out .
quality product that my grandsons spend hours playing with ! toot - toot ! here he comes ! worth every penny . it's a great winter pastime for them .
my 18 month old daughter likes this . the hair is strange as are the eyes but she likes it as she can carry it with her .
there is nothing like doing arts and crafts with my kids , and what better way to preserve some of the special works of art than in a portfolio .
bought this for my 4 yr old son and he absolutely loves it . it is a very soft cat and well made .
i love this beautiful puzzle . the kids like to play with the animals and they stand on their own .
this is the japanese version and it's really , really nice quality stuff . got it at a great price too , so i can't complain . awesome beyblade !
my son asked for this game for christmas . three generations enjoyed playing it together christmas day . great time and memories were created .
i used these dinosaur figures to attach to the valentine's my son handed out at school . they were the perfect size and they are good quality .
recipient enjoyed going aroung testing the magnets on everything , is also usseful when there are spilled paper clips or pins .
excellent excellent excellent ! ! these are great little magnadoodles . my twins love them ! the contrast it great and the eraser works perfectly .
really well made beautiful doll ! my daughter absolutely loves her ! i would purchase over again . highly recommend if your child loves the monster high dolls .
bought this for my son who plays his mobigo all the time . he loved this game . and i loved the fact it was cheapier than the store
my two year old son absolutely loves this toy ! he plays with it everyday - definitely one of his favorite fisher price toys - and very gender neutral .
your kids or grand kids do . this was a real hit with a very & it helps with hand dexterity .
this is a fun toy for little boys . my two-year old son really loves to play with this truck - car carrier .
these shoes fit the doll nicely and stay on . very cute nice quality . easy to . put on and take off . he doll
my boys love these ! they are 3 and 6 . they have collected the whole set . they are a great value too .
this is the coveted train among toddlers . this fits my generic train tracks and has been a very fun addition to our train family .
it is not for 1 yo for sure . the music is not the best and it gets annoying after a while .
not sure why but it came with a lot of other birthday stuff but it was the only thing broken .
that is about all i can say . the $ 1.50 earser that i bought at a hobby store works just as well .
heavy duty ! will last through the kids ! better than the plastic kind that get all tore up after a few uses .
my kids and my husband love star wars , and they love these little figures . fun . great little toys and / or collectibles .
we just love the quality of mattel . they are cute and are made well . well worth the money and great gift .
i bought this and a few more outfits for my daughters dolls and i can say her dolls have a better shoe game than i do sad but true
my neice will love this cute little horse . it is a gift and so i haven't seen her reaction yet but i'm sure it will be good
its an air pump , what do you say ! its used to pump up the rody inflateable and does its job well !
perfect for easter . very cute . soft , cuddleable , holding up well and great for webkinz world interactions . would recommend to anyone .
very cute , durable , and well-loved . goes great with the work bench , not sure on pieces fitting as other reviews have commented ?
nice size balloon . it is still inflated 3 weeks later . he kids loved playing with it . overall i am happy with the quality of the product .
this guy is big for the price ... made very well ... really cute ... cant wait to give it to my little girl on her birthday !
the milk and juice look like they " disappear " - simple but amazing to my 2 year old . great product to go with any baby doll .
this is a very cool toy , my son enjoys playing with it we also purchased the rest of the set ... they are all well made and fun .
this thing lasted all summer with my rambunctious nephews jumping all over it , surfing on it ... whatever . stayed out all summer without fading . good quality .
got this for our one year old nephew and he really enjoys it . his dad said it was easy to assemble . happy with purchase .
one of my favorite heros . i love displaying this for my friends who just love it . and so do the kids .
my son is only 3 , but he absolutely loves this game . it has actually encouraged him to think logically and he loves building things with numbers involved .
i purchased one for christmas gift for grand daughter and she loves it . i am buying more for her birthday in may .
splinter was one figure my grandson didn't have so he thought this was an awesome addition to his birthday gift .
this little guy is very well made and perfect for my grandson's first birthday . he loves to watch him follow him as he pulls the string around .
great game , especially if you only have 2 people ! can get repetitive after awhile but overall worthwhile :)
my son loves this . i love the magnetic cars , and all of the bells and whistles that comes with this . highly recommend
this was a gift for my 6yr old she loved it , as i loved it too . it was in a great price and it is very entertaining .
good for party favor ! ! i bouth ir for my 3 year old son b - day ! ! i hope his friends will love this !
play-doh is messy for grandma's house , but the grandchildren had a great time making ice cream creations ! i would recommend this product !
this was a bday gift for my 3 yr old daughter and she loves it ! ! i recommend it for a toddler .
works good for swing also not bad on a bouncer for outside lol . i like this wish came in different colors though .
this transformer is really cool , according to my grandson . he loves " transforming " this and making up his own transformer games and / or battles .
makes for a great gift ! this toy is very fun and appealing to the girls with the pink and purple .
even cuter than the picture and i can't wait until my grandson opens it at christmas . he will have a great time learning with his new monkey
nice set of play money . wish the bills were a little larger , but they'll work for pretend play for my kids .
it was ok with a few fun things but a lot of junk - fun for smaller kids for sure
man this makes good snowballs ! hrs of winter fun . my six year old loves it . so do the two boys next door .
christmas present for one of my little granddaughers ; she loved the whimsical little bee as well as the gift box .
these are sweet little toys . expensive , but sweet . my great-niece loves them , especially the soft fluffy hair on these hedgehog twins .
my granddaughter loves dora , she likes to listen to the story a few times a week . she tries to read with the story as it is going .
my 5 and almost 2 yr old loves this . it supplies hours of entertainment and competition ;-) i would definitely recommend .
my kids loved it ! the games were easy to understand for a toddler . wished all the cartridges were available in this price .
on christmas morning . we bought the duck and the monkey for our kids for stocking stuffers and my husband and i probably played with them the most .
these are a great add on to your child's lego sets . helps them expand their imagination & learn as well !
the smallest piece is missing . not sure it's worth the bother of returning . i enjoyed reading the history on the package .
my son likes the characters a lot , although not as much as the skylanders.they are made well and look cool .
i purchased this for my great grandson for christmas and loved it . it was made very well . i am happy with this purchase .
this ball is perfect for 2 year olds . but , my 4 year old is too big for this . i thought is was a bigger ball .
not great , cheap and flimsy plastic . fun for a while , buy if you have to . money could go towards better gifts-toys .
works great . my niece when she runs out of battery sits on the floor next to an outlet and keeps on playing !
great little bags . bought this for my son's bday party and they worked great . very good quality , no problems at all .
nothing special about this and don't really do a lot but if you have a child that likes dinosaurs then you can't go wrong with this . it is durable
cute outfit , my child loved it , just added it to the large collection we already have , lol . goes on easily when doll appendages are removed .
my grandson loved this game . he enjoyed seeing all his superhero friends in an old classic game that he knew how to play . fun !
these are the perfect size to use with american girl dolls and they are priced much more reasonably than the ag sets ! highly recommend !
did not realize these would be wood . was expecting vinyl but very cute , perfect for two little girls on a rainy day !
love that eric is with her since princes are rarely in with the princesses = fisher price did a good job
not much else to say than what is above . it was a birthday present , she loved it , it is well made . win , win .
very much fun for kids to partake in . this is enjoyable for adults to join in while spending quality time with kids
requires a little time to go through the rules , but after your first game , you will be hooked . game components are nice too .
one of the best turtle figures , " it's the bestest " per our 6 year oldgrandson . that is high praise from him .
love this doll . she's so cute and her voice is really clear , as well as the recordings . highly recommend this doll !
had to get the wizard for my collection , have old dolls from original oz movie and he adds the perfect touch with the china girl too !
another hit for my granddaughter . as usual , lego does an excellent job of making good toys that use their imagination . thanks lego !
the flight time is really long . the lights make it look like a xmas tree . i leave the heli on all the time just for the lights .
love the new clip on dresses . 10 times easier to put on than the rubber ones . great detail . would buy it again .
my 18 month old son loved this . especially the diving broad which makes a funny noise and you hit it .
my son 4 , loves this book . he has 6 books in his tag system & he is learning while having fun .
arrived in a timely fashion . great price for a great toy . huge castle but folds down easily for storage . great for young children up through elementary .
fun puzzle by melissa & doug , we own a few of their puzzles & my kids love them , we gave this one as an xmas present
she absolutely loved it . she had seen it advertized and put it on her christmas list . it did not disapoint . great !
my daughter plays with this puzzle everyday ! i love the pieces and she loves calling out the colorful animals . great design !
my son loves this around the christmas tree , but the track is really difficult to assemble . maybe assemble the track and then let your munchkins open the engine
my grandson loves this item also ... i would also recommend that you buy this for your grandchildren . great present for boys .
my son says this is a very good one . he has won many matches with this one . that's all i know .
this blaster is the perfect accessory to the stryfe ! look no further ! even on its own , it's boss ! ! gotta love it !
i bought this for a secret santa gift where i gave the child a couple pieces everyday leading up to christmas and they loved .
my kids love this ! it keeps them occupied for quite a while too . i need to order a couple more because they like it so much .
bought it as a birthday present for a friend's kid . she likes it , but her attention on it isn't long .
wii u is much better , because you have more options on the gamepad during gameplay . much better graphics in my opinion too .
he is a huge fan of the chuggington characters anyway so this just added to his collection of trains ! made a great birthday present !
i bought these for my 4 year old grandson . he used them as soon as he opened the package and has enjoyed them every day since .
good quality product . well constructed . face move easily . graphics are good . sword does fit in finn's hand . finn stands up by his self .
our 18 month grandson loves these stacking blocks . they are interesting and varied . great manipulation for him ! wonderful , lasting quality .
my oldest grandson loves games and we have always tried to play this with a regular deck of cards so he was excited to play with the real deal
they look very pretty and designed nicely . cleo is awesome and i like it better than lagoona . this is the nicest toysrus exclusive so far .
i gave it 4 stars because some of the tops didn't screw very good . over all pretty good product for the money .
perfect for a smaller area . my granddaughter loves it . she can be feeding one baby while the other is sleeping .
my granddaughter loves this ! the blocks are quality and she can easily put them together to make the zoo scene !
good price & good quality paper ! good companion to art kit and easel as gift ! preschoolers can't have too much paper !
awesome game ! i got this for my classroom to have fun ! everything was different from the original . i would recommend this for a lot of people .
every brownie should have a uniform for there 18 " doll . this one is right on and the person i purchased it for loved it .
too easy . we used to play this when she was 3 and 4 . not as much fun now at 6 .
nice barbie trunk if you have a few dolls , but not for more than 6 .
this catwoman toy is a fun addition for the batcave . grandson has many of the batman characters & is enjoying them all .
the game is good fun for the recommended age . do not have much to add to the review other than that .
these bottles are nice for the money . i would recommend them to others.they are a nice size for little hands to hold .
these brushes are very stiff and poor quality . bristles fall off in paint . glad i got them for toddlers who don't care .
two tales - how very cool ... her hair changes too ... a comb for her beautiful hair ... my niece is going to be so happy :)
i like this doctor's bag . i can check my mom's and dad's hearts and lungs . this will help me take care of them .
my 7 yo son loved this project . he needed some assistance with construction because some of the instructions were unclear . great way to start experimenting with motors .
my nephews absolutely love this toy . it is helping him improve his spelling and plus it's fun for him to play along . he really likes this toy .
love this rack and it helps organize the puzzles ... love it now if i could find other things to organize the mess ... :)
i purchased this for the 2 grand kids to play in the tub with . they love to have these . would recommend for anyone that has little ones .
christmas gift for 10 year old daughter and was surprised by the distance the arrows traveled . our daughter has spent many hours playing with this outside .
awesome product , zero complaints . each kid should have this toy , it's cool and actually very useful for educational purposes . my son loves it
doesn't go well on carpet but my son really seems to like it . i can't complain if little man digs it .
all 3 of my kids have loved the soft glow and music . perfect for travel and as a nightlight to check on baby .
another great lego set and my kids love spongebob and patrick ! they can really bring them life and use their imagination with this great set .
i needed a set of dinosaurs for my 18m old who is not picky . this set had a great price , and he loves them .
fine . but i assumed they made noise . so . my fault i guess . not as much fun as i thought . son likes them .
we couldn't get the hang of shooting this pig . it was difficult to hold the sling shot part and pull it back .
the box it came was bigger than i thought ... meaning contents inside were too . has speakers and you can plug your mp3 player into it ... pretty cool
my kids really enjoyed playing with this set in the play kitchen . they particularly liked the working toaster and " making " the muffin .
i mainly play this game single player . it can be co-oped but i feel it is better to just play alone . fun game regardless
these are my sons favorite toys . they are easy to switch , simple but so playable .
my grandson got this last year and as played endless hours with it . it performs exactly as advertised ! a great toy .
ordered this for my daughter after i couldn't find it in stores . arrived fast , and it will be well used !
my boys ages 4 and 3 love this toy ! very kid friendly ; they can transform it all on their own .
i bought this as a birthday present for a little girl who has her own real horse . she plays with them every day .
shower door and front door come off hinges easily , but otherwise great product . took about 3 hours to put together .
i would recommend this to anyone.the music is so soothing and the seahorse is cuddly for little hands.great buy for children .
son loves this set ... he's clicking away ... arrived quickly in excellent condition . this set is very detailed and looks great once completed .
cheap , will be surprised if its still around in 3 months . stickers put on from the factory all sloppy and plastic is just really cheap .
these were the perfect compliment to my daughter's 6th birthday with a frozen theme . fast shipping as well . couldn't be happier
my son got this for his 1st birthday and loves it . my older kids like it too . cute sounds and songs .
the boy loves it . carl didn't fit into the train like he was suppose to , but it hardly matters to the boy .
i bought this because we purchased the leappad 2 for our granddaughter for christmas . i wanted to save on having to purchase batteries all the time .
joker is now flying , no joke ! how cool is that ? check it out , kids :)
i expected the carrier truck to be bigger but overall it was not a bad buy just not the six expected .
there is something quite tender about this little doll . it is soft and washable ( thankfully ) . the magnetic pacifier is a cute touch .
great oversized beach ball always is a hit at the pool or beach . keeps the kids going for hours . quality is decent , price is right ! !
they are fun to play with for kids . not sure how long they lasted because i gave them as a gift .
my little helper absolutely loves this pound a pegnot only is it good for eye hand coordinationbut its also fun too
it worked great for what i needed them for and my kids thought they were awesome so i recommend it
this bath toy will not disappoint ! only drawback is trying to get toddler out of tub ! very cute & entertaining toy . would highly recommend !
we enjoy the added fishing aspect of this expansion . its a simple add on that adds extra depth to the game .
got this as a gift and the 6 yr old boy loved it ! three different dinosaurs from one set is great for any boy .
my daughter stills loves this puzzle . she loves to tell me what the animal is and seems very happy with it .
she is really great and nice as alll monster high dolls ) i bought around 8 during christmas sale and my little one is so happy now
my 2 and 4 year old girls love the bus ! the music is great and you can fit a lot of characters in the bus .
my son has really enjoyed this game . it allows a lot of interaction from the player to make the game more entertaining .
i did this and gave it to my sister in law i changed from antique store to tea shop because she owns a tea zen tea inga she loves it
this was a gift for one of my grand daughters.she wanted it and loves it.once again great sale and service by amazon good quality and fast shipping.thanx
my grandson loves dinosaurs . i bought it for his birthday . i think he will like it . it came quickly and in good shape .
as i said before . great game . i hope the manufacturer will come out with some other games . well done manufacturer
this was a great buy for my friends son and he plays it all the time . definitely worth buying it ! !
granddaughter loved this outfit . dress is very full and well-made . a very good value for the quality of the 4 piece set .
the elves are really cute , they velcro together , i twirled three around the lamp cover , hid one in the tree ...
if you need to hunt down rebel scum ... look no further ! ! sienar fleet systems has led the way once again ! wookie ?
feels like a strategic train routing game . i really enjoyed playing with my friend and family . really good buy . loved it
i got a $ 20 app card for $ 15 . what can be better than that ? ( other than a free app card )
purchased this as a birthday gift . all of the little girls loved this at the party . i will be purchasing different sets in the future .
i love playing this game ! i like all the ways one can play this game ! this is fun to play !
i can never have enough magnets . these are great quality and it is a nice variety of styles .
son is over protective of his things . he has'nt opened it yet.he ' s waiting for the right moment . that kindle fire still has him hooked .
my grand daughter loves this figure . she is made exceptionally well and will be a toy that will last a long time .
this package came in a filthy box with dead bugs inside i wonder what country it came fromi do not think this s the quality amazon usually sells
these are so cute but unfortunately we didn't get to use them . maybe next time , i'll make a bigger cake :)
another present for my niece . check out the review for the playskool ts3 mrs potato head and it fits here too
my daughter loves this dog she sings along with him all the time . i ordered this for my brother in laws son with no hesitations .
cute doll , no real educational value but good for the girl who likes to collect them as always fastest shipping and best prices from amazon
my 5.5 year old loves to throw birthday parties for her dolls and animals and this was perfect . she plays with this set non-stop .
i bought this building plate for my grandson . he uses them to build his city on . he loves working on his city .
lots of use when he was into transformers . son played with it for months on end and was a good buy .
this is an awesome toy ! he even says ten different things ! my nephew loves it ! perfectly safe for any child .
our grandson absolutely loves these . we've ordered even more of them , due to their great quality . highly recommend to all .
this is a great addition to all our lego friends kits and our younger daughter really likes this so she can build whatever she likes .
i got this because it is musical versions of songs ( no words ) . love to watch my little ones sing and dance .
we placed our car in the sun for quite some time with no results . quite a disappointment for the kids .
we have burnt through i don't know how many wall changers for the innotab . but this car charger is still going ! !
my two year old niece received this for christmas and is absolutely in love with it . the doll appears to be very well constructed .
my daughter , who is one , loves this stroller . she pushes her babies all around the house and plays the music .
i enjoy the use of magnets so the newborn litter could be attached to its mother . it made a good show and tell item for my kid .
this is a great little toy.it is good for when you want to find something different for your grandchildren
all grandsons ( ages 3-6 ) got into this toy . whereas they played w / it differently , no worries : each enjoyed it in their own way .
my kids 2 and 4 year old love these ! they play with them all day and they love the lil magnets that comes with it
my kids loved this character in frozen and badly wanted a plush facsimile . seems well made and has not melted , although it has not yet experienced suuummmerrr ...
perfect companion to the home ick abby and heath love the detail and that it comes with so many accessories
... but the 3 year old for whom it was purchased is nuts about dinosaurs and absolutely loves it . therefore on his behalf i give it top marks .
my son is in college and he and his friends love playing cards vs humanity so this was an easy gift idea
endless creativity here . we just bought the actions cubes to expand this too , and it's been a riot . my kids love this for family game night .
eyeclops bionic eye multizoom , greeni bought this for my 7 year old grandson . the whole family had fun with it .
this purchase was made for my grandson . he absolutely loves the variety of games this provides for his leapfrog explorer .
great toy , sturdy . lived up to the play-doh name . i like the new doh that comes with , ended up buying another pack of the doh .
my six year old loves this new dress for her american girl doll . i was very satisfied with the quality .
accessories are a little small for younger children but detail and quality are excellent ! ! not stiff or cheaply made as are most other action figures ! !
got this for my daughter for christmas and she loves it . so do all my other kids ! thank you so much !
my niece loved this and all the other cousins were dying to try it out ! we had to hide it even from the boys !
this was a gift . the boy who received it is having fun with the set . he has other lego's that this set goes with .
love collecting dolls . searched here on amazon for this heart 4 heart doll and here she was . happy i am .
my son was disappointed zephie didn't spin or move as on the show .. its a solid piece that doesn't turn or move in any way .
my son bought these with his own money and loves to play with legos and he thought it was a fun set .
abbey's bed doesn't look exactly like the picture but it is still very nice . in the picture it looks very clear but is instead more white .
very cute & easy for our 16 - month old son to move around the track . a nice addition for some different toys for the train set .
item looks exactly as described . my little girl loves it and you can't beat the price . i would recommend it .
this was a perfect set for my daughters easel . she loves to paint and these keep all the paint contained . great brushes for young artists as well !
i thought the thing was the best looking toy this monster looks like he could take the hulks lunch money and send him home crying hahhahahah .
perfect gift for my 5 year old who loves to do everything on his own ! he's happy , i'm happy ! :)
the kids all enjoyed these finger puppets at our son's pirate party ! well made , no problems . highly recommend as a party favor or cupcake topper .
this new krang seems odd to me , but really not any more odd than the big , pink wrestler type version of the 90s .
arrived on time and well packaged . granddaughter will enjoy dressing her baby at christmas morning . thanks for great service .
bought as a lovey , good quality , decent size and price . great add-on gift for the scooby lover !
i am always looking for fun card games to play with my grandchildren aged 7 and 10 . this one is a hit with both .
great doll house ! it's so big , and a fraction of the cost of actual barbie brand house . our kids love it .
our grandson has played for weeks on end with this toy set . he loves it because it lets him be creative .
this is a cute little set . i bought it for my 3 year old and she still plays with it 2 years later .
first day we used it , the side arm broke off in my 8 year old's hand . very disappointed .
these tools are very sturdy and cute . my grandkids use them to help me in the flower garden and play outside with them .
these can packaged very well . they arrived very quick . they were smaller than i had invisioned but my son will love it !
i like that it comes with a basket to put the pots and pans in . the price was good too .
granddaughter loved it . spoke with daughter yesterday who states that i may have to but one for her 3 year old brother . great in the car .
my mom bought this for my 4 year old son for his birthday . he loves it and seems to have no problems riding it .
my 6 year old son love sponge bob and we have the tag system . this is a very cute book .
everybody loves a panda and so does my grand kid . she likes the necklace and the display case as well .
we thoroughly enjoy these fisher-price little people disney klip klop's . no complaints , and so much fun for your little people to use .
pretty fragile and not large enough to fly much . i ripped several just while getting them out of the packaging .
my daughter loves drawing and being creative , this allows her to do that . it is for kids ages 5 to 8 and is very age appropriate .
my kids love this set . now whenever i'm cleaning they'll run over and start sweeping and helping me clean . they have so much fun with it .
i have to say , 3po makes a fun lego guy . this item has great color , was well packaged and arrived on time .
kids love these . nice to hear them make up puppet dialogue rather than stare slack jawed at a screen . a
playmobil quality is terrific and these princess sets come with the convenient carrying case . they will be given out at a princess birthday party as favors . adorable !
our grandson loves thomas the train . this is a really cute toy . it says many different things and has sound effects .
blocks are smaller than you would expect but wood , colorful , long-lasting and not too expensive . a good value if you find it on sale .
i know the picture looks small but it a tad smaller than i thought it would have been . we didn't get much use out of this .
leapfrog explorer learning game : the penguins of madagascar : operation plushy rescue was purchased for traveling with my granddaughter from north carolina to california .
my foster sons have enjoyed these toys . they go everywhere with us ... in the house , car , plane ... this is the best purchase and size .
my grandson is a real jake fan tha skull island and peter pan made for an awespme birthday present well packaged , durable , shipped quickly
what more can i say . i have it on my computer table ... very cute ! i have this one and fluttershy . they go well together .
great little addition to the city police collection we have . as with all lego products , good quality and overpriced but will keep on buying them .
the size , color and details are wonderful work from papo french figures maker.it needs the movable jaw to make it perfect !
had too have her , i love it . package in great shape , details amazing , i am so glad i got her .
my 3 year old got these for christmas and loves them . he gets them out to play with at least everyday .
i bought this to give to my granddaughter for christmas . yes , i'm an early shopper ! i'm sure she'll love it .
these are a fun party decoration . they are made out of plastic coated cardboard so they aren't that durable , but they are fun .
this is like the tonkas from the 60s . rugged , large and well-made . a l ; ittle pricey , but should last for a very long time .
just as the picture ... . . . . . used it as cake toppers ... kid thinks its only for cakes since it has a stand / support . . . . . .
my insane angry-birds addict nephew loves it , so it must be good ! ? cheap and durable - easy choice for a 3 year old's birthday !
this is cute and well made but quite small . i must not have paid well enough attention to the size as its quite small .
really cool ! the bunny hides and shows ! in the mini elevator thingy . you can learn how to make really cool things with this set .
great for little children and their little hands . friendly little bugs - not scary at all ! good quality and lots of fun .
i bought this doll for my daughter . she loves to play with it and all the others we have purchased .
put these in my son's goody bags for his dinosaur birthday party ! the kids loved them and the colors were super cute !
this is for anyone that wants to keep active and have fun at all times . it will be a hit for all .
this has been a really fun add on with the munchkin series , it has some great and funny cards that came along in the he add on desk .
this is a cute set . my daughter enjoys playing with it . i wish there would have been more order tickets included though .
the joints were all very easy to work with . you can put hush in some great poses for your collection . definitely purchase this figure .
my 2 year old grandson loves cars . i bought this for him for christmas . he loved the cars . i would recommend it .
my 2 year old likes to play with his zoo . this chimpazee family is a good addition and makes cute sounds .
these are really cute and soooo soft ! ! i love it loit was bought for christmas so i am waiting to see her with it .
my 9 month old nephew is so close to walking and this sit-to-stand toy helps perfectly ! he pushes this around everywhere !
i have an in-home child care and lego's are a big part of it . this tool is a must have when taking the lego's apart .
we bought this with the batman action figure and our grandson plays with them all time time . highly recommend both .
we gave this product as a teacher gift for my child's teacher who collects owls . it is a cute , inexpensive gift .
my little one uses this everyday for writing , math and drawing . it is sturdy and reasonably priced . recommended to anyone .
we found this game to be really dull . it's either for kids or dummies . i really don't understand all of the positive reviews here .
this kept my 7 year old busy for days . he loves anything police or fire and this police forest station was perfect for his other lego city sets .
my son is really enjoying playing with it is a good quality toy and very entertaining . perfect for little kids
my granddaughter loves plan toys dollhouse furniture ! all of their products are simple and well made . i highly suggest purchasing any of their products for your children .
all my grandchildren love doing these lego's . it helps them learn by following the directions to a t to get it just right .
these are very well constructed . my 3 year old son loves all the melissa & doug floor puzzles .
these dolls came today , well boxed and worth the money . they are just the right gift for the preteen who is interested in these type of dolls .
even if kids get squeamish about bugs this cage watch will get their curiosity going . the netting allows close up inspection !
everyone even the adults liked these party cups . the kids got a real kick out of them . they double as a toy too !
my 2 boys were begging for this flashlight , so i got them each one . they are wonderful ! they play with them sooooooo much !
perfect matching case to go with my grandsons innotab 2s blue pad . he will be so excited when he sees this
i love her face-up and her extras ! adorable pj outfit and so very sweet . nice addition to my robecca collection !
these are so cute , and a complete set ! i like that there is no plastic . nice an sturdy , should hold up with lots of play .
my 12 year old niece loves it . what little girl wouldn't . crafting is fun and why not start them early .
both of them loved this track . my son , said he had always wanted a track like this . my grandson just loved it .
great product for a 3 year . loves to put it up and tear it down . was deliveredon time and for a great price .
grandsons loved all vtech dinos ! they were engaged immediately upon opening them , ages 2 - 6 . six-year-old decided he wants a collection of vtech dinos .
fun version of an old toy . good price , delivered conveniently to my door in the time promised .
bought for my 5 year old and i can tell there where will be hours of fun building with this toy .
my great granddaughter loves anything " monster high . " she requested this fashion pack , and loved it when i gave it to her .
the green toys dish set is very durable and colorful . my grandkids are enjoying their dish set along with all of their other pretend-and-play products .
this is a great travel toy to bring along for my 2 yr . old daughter . and all the chalk / erasers can be stored instead .
very soothing and my grand daughter enjoys watching it glow . again another fisher price product and a brand we trust to keep our children safe .
i bought this for my daughter for christmas . she loves it . it is her favorite doll out out the series .
these are great magnets for kids to learn about animals . they work well with the expo magnetic dry erase easel board for kids .
my grandson is a really big lego's fan and his room is done in a lego's theme . this light great not only cute but functions well too .
this is the best giraffe ever made . my son loves this giraffe so much that he sleeps on it a lot . recommend for everyone .
i love these socks for our doll ! excellent quality and great fit . the colors are perfect and coordinate with many outfits .
got this for my son last year for his birthday . got it again for a present for another little boy what kid doesn't like angry birds ? ?
i bought this for my friends son . he realy enjoyed playing it . he is 8 . plus even the big boys enjoyed playing .
this thing was my nephews favorite present and a big win . he is little and had no trouble controling it
fits a helpful toddler . protective and colorful . my grand daughter loves to garden with hers . the rubber is thick enough to work by gooseberries .
didint love these and my 20 month old could have cared less about them . they look cheap and well ... not very attactive .
good quality . m 5 year old put i together himself with no instructions . crane works great . love the name owen !
my daughter loved these for her american girl , they are perfect and stay on her feet very well . very cute !
made my grandson happy , great christmas present since he likes to build things . unknowingly it was the next one he needed
this car also has some great surprises . i am just thrilled and so was my three year-old grandson . he loves having it pick-up rubbish .
purchased this for my 4 year old for t-ball . it's a nice fit and will probably last him a couple more years . nice quality .
these fit perfectly in the easel . love the quality not cheap containers . perfect size for little handswould buy again
my grandson likes to play with this but doesn't want to use the right colors in the right space . oh well . i guess he'll learn .
grandson loved this he played with it all of the time and was able to do allot of practicing
i just got it at target yesterday for my daughter for 44.00 dollars . it is a great add on to her monter high collection .
a great interactive doll at a great price . my daughters love lalaloopsy ( so do i ) and they love her so much .
this toy is a lot of fun and a lot bigger than i expected it to be . i would definitely shop around though for the best price .
this is the most realistic hulk i ever seen there is no other hulk out there that can top this one . this hulk is massive 10 inch tall .
used these as favors in party bags and this was a hit the kids wanted more of them and was writing on them the whole time .
this was a gift for my niece . it was a very cute product . she was very excited when she received it .
love her so glade that monster high are coming out with new dolls and stuff again i love monster high
it's great just for the minifigs and their cool helmets , otherwise it a very plain set . the vehicle is forgettable .
the ramp on this toy needs to be redesigned . it comes apart too easily . other than that this toy is great and we love it .
the white color paint peel off after 3 months and the phone stop turn on after 5 months . may consider to buy phone with " actual " button .
this is an excellent toy , it makes you think while you're having fun ! i keep it in the living room all the time .
i'm writing this review on behalf of my four year old ... " fangtastic abbey bominable - she is the best ... rockin ! "
my grandkids loved them they had never seen any of the tie dye . they added them to what they have
a good build and perfect if your kid loves toy story . another one that stays assembled at our house because it gets played with .
my son and his cousin also loved playing with this cross bow . it is very sturdy and well made . and , priced right .
big big big bubbles and a lot ! lots of fun . we use it with an automatic bubble machine .
these were for my son for christmas this year and he was really happy to have these ! great little set !
bought this on sale on amazon and worth every penny . the kids are very pleased . it does have greater than 1000 legos which makes the building last .
these are great quality paddles at a reasonable price . the balls are also consistent bounce . good set great value . i am a beginner player .
when my daughter opened this at a family gathering , all the boys were in awe-everyone wants one now . she loves it !
kids love playing with jake and the pirate ship . great bath time toys for any kid . easy to use and stays on side of tub well .
the colors were pretty and shiny , and the clay wasn't cracked . easy to use .
bought this last christmas for my little girl and she loves it , aside from being educational , it's really girly and cute ! =)
this was a great hit with my grandaughter , though it was smaller then i expected . i was a little disappointed , but the detail on it wasbeautiful .
i put these in the goody bags for my daughters tie dye themed birthday party and they were a big hit ! all the kids loved them .
i bought this for my 1 year old and while this is so very cute , they are not interested at all in it .
this stuffed animal is kind of ugly . he seems to be a lot cuter in the book . but oh well .
i bought the hawkman action figure to add to my collection . it looks really good among the other action figures .
nothing fun about playing with really hard rice krispies . couldn't really mold anything and it wouldn't stick to itself to make anything .
you can never have enough legos as far as i am concerned ... and this keeps the grandkids busy . nice bright colors .
i bought this , but misread the age group , so it will need to wait to be played with , but looks like it will be fun
great gift for grandchildren . just bought it for my grandson who is 20 months old .. he loves playing with it . would recommend it .
our girls have spent hours coloring the " stained glass " pics ... they are proudly hung on the glass slider door ...
these tools are excellent ! my 3 & 5 year olds use them almost daily . they really like the wheel cutters .
my two year old son loves this set . there are lots of pieces to choose from , and keeps my little guy busy .
great rubber bands ! daughter loves the color and has made school spirit bracelets for all of her friends with these ! love them !
feels like a choose your own adventure game . i really enjoyed playing with my friend and family . really good buy .
i remember duncan yo yo's as a kid . we use to try & do tricks . this yo yo was as described .
very repetitive , dirt and dust magnet , didnt get played with enough for the money that was paid o o o
i got this because i loved it as a kid a.nd hoped my kids would , too . they do ! it was a hit .
very cute product and came in quick good quiality . she loves it and very pleased ! i also like that the markers was double ended !
my four year old is a huge spiderman fan ! this mask is great because it lights up and says quotes from the movie ! it seems very durable !
these seem sturdy , and make a great sound . my biggest issue is that the straps aren't adjustable . still like , but adjustable would make them perfect .
love the weight and sturdiness of this piece , but wished they were printed one letter per card instead of a two sided print .
my 3 year old buzz lightyear fan loves this toy . he was thrilled when i gave it to him . he finds it very entertaining .
my 2 year old grandson loves anything john deere ... this little tractor is cute and entertaining ... very nice purchase ... well worth watching him enjoy it .
this is the coolest play campfire ever . it looks real and it was a great gift for the newest lil camper . lots of fun for playtime .
my grandkid loves it . i purchased this along with a couple of extra little princesses . always a hit with little girls .
i am a day care provider and i bought this for my day care children . it is really cute and the kids love it .
these stampers are going to be well-used by our grandaughter duiring the next several months to learn about drawing and shapes .
so much easier to get this online rather than trying the local store . this has more colors than other sets .
perfect for use in a wedding , we are very pleased with the quality and how quickly it arrived - highly recommend !
my granddaughter loved it she is excited to start designing her own bracelets thats what she said easy to use and happy creative fun
my only problem is the screen is just a black lcd and is a little hard to see , a color screen would be an awesome upgrade .
i love playing with 6 people and the over population is awesome . everybody getting to use all of their people and boats is pure craziness .
my granddaughter was looking for this set for her doll . i'm sure they will be a great addition to everything i bought her for christmas .
this is a nice set but much smaller than i expected . works for small hands ! well made and would recommend for small kids
great quality of construction , very cute and opens children's imaginations to creative play . i would buy this puppet again without hesitation .
my daughter liked it very much , cute little thing to take everywhere , so she can draw / paint anywhere and not get bored .
my preschool class love to put these on the string . they can also stand the pieces on the table and play .
bootiful faceup and goregeous shoes and her bag is to die for ! catrine's hair is spooktacular as well . a + doll .
this doll is excellent . well package ! daughter enjoys the doll and the certificate that comes along with the doll . hours of enjoyment ! would highly recommend !
my son opened this as a christmas present he loved it . same one that comes in all the stores just cheaper .
hard to fit everything back in the case . i find pieces everywhere because my toddler cant put the pieces back
i bought this saxophone for my 6 - year old grandson and he is now convinced he is an accomplished musician . i will recommend it .
my daughter turns 8 and requested this ! ! ! she loves legos and this was perfect for her to build and then play with
great for babies that are sitting and learning to walk . my nephew can keep busy for a while playing with these block .
i bought many of these train sets to go along with my grandson's take-n-play train sets and he loves them all !
great little set of construction machines , my almost 2 - year-old loves them , work great in sand or water , relatively easy to clean
not much to say other than it is exactly as advertised . wish we had cool toys like this when i was a kid .
this little cat is very cute and sturdy enough to play with , yet soft . i know my daughter will love it !
my two year old really enjoys this . i hope it holds up unlike what other reviewers are saying . i may update this later .
granddaughter was more than delighted and if she is happy , so am i . it was a delightful monster high gift .
i assumed , wrongly , that this item was hand sized . it turned out to be very tiny , about the size of a toy car .
my daughter likes this game so much she sneaks to play it when she's not supposed to but i as long as she likes it , it all good
my grandson loves to create different things with this . he learned to rev up the power by placing more than one battery packs on his projects .
it looks good after it is made . there is not much replay value . may be we should have bought a larger lego set
really sounds like cutting when do it on the chopping board.my son looooves this . the velcro is greatthe product is really well designed .
it was purchased for one of my boys using his money . he loves it and had a blast putting it together .
the item was exactly what i exspected . very good guality.the price was right . the crib was very easily assembled and the bedding was adorable .
my kids like this product and continue their interest in the item . it was as described and i recommend to others .
melissa & doug produce great creative sticker pads for children . i highly recommend any of their products for children . your child will love this sticker pad .
this is great for kids to use on a trip , either in the car or hotel room .
this is a brightly colored puzzle that will attract the attention of children . ravensburger puzzles are of great quality , and are popular with kids .
got this for my son at 3 & daughter at 6 and a year later it is still as wonderful ! love , love , love it ! ! !
who doesn't like twister ? add a bottle of wine and it is now a favorite adult game ! great game for young and old alike !
this product does what it says it does , works great looks neat on the cieling at nite in the dark cool sounds too
my son loves his transformers and these are neat . they shoot out little transformers . there is a decepticon that does the same
hours of fun ! you will fill up on sand pizza as the kids use these toys over and over . great item !
these stickers are great for art projects or as " rewards " - we have been using them for my daughter as she is potty training .
great price for this addition to any childs beyblade collection . this set add another dimension to beyblades . recommend this item .
very éducatif and fun for kids . they can learn a lot and do a lot if different activities with it .
my kids played with this a few times and liked it when they were like 4 and 5 years old .
can not wait to open this up for my 3 yr old son . came in good shape and fast . larger than i thought .
my 3 year old grandson has more fun putting it together in different ways than in playing it , but maybe later he will like to try more playing .
we bought them as christmas presents for all 4 of our grandsons and they all love them ! great purchase ! sturdy and realistic !
this is the best game to play with a group of friends as long as you are not afraid of not being pc
this is a good beginner yoyo , especially after you shorten the string for smaller users . the kids really enjoy trying to learn how to yo .
items worked well on track . the colors were bight and clear , no scratches , and battery worked . parts moved as stated they would .
very heavy duty plastic . lots of items . very pleased . i love kidkraft . they really know how to keep kids in ming when making toys .
the play mechanics are pretty easy to grasp , one of the long line of party games . i personally enjoy a2a more .
of course , what child wouldn't love seeing steam come out of the smokestack ? would recommend this to anyone thinking of buying it
cool hexbugs . i liked this spiral ramp set and it can be attached to other sets which we did . my son and cat love to play hexbugs
needed to refill the black and decker work bench we had bought couple years back and this was perfect . sons love it .
son loves these . goes with us so many places . easy to clean and transport . easy to attach to things . so much fun .
my son loved this . we got it for him when he was 2 . he still plays with it now , the airplane .
deathstroke looked awesome and is currently sitting on my tv stand . hes now apart of all my other purchased figures
i like that fact that the height is adjustable on this . it comes with 2 durable rubber basketballs .
this is cute but it really doesn't do a whole lot . the songs are short and it doesn't stay lit up long .
my daughters love their doodle animals . the marker gets on their hands but they love to decorate them and wash and do it again .
daughter 3.5 yrs old loves playing with the set at bath time and random times when she wants to " make medicine " for everyone and play doctor .
very nice little collectible . this made a good gift . i was surprised at the size . the model is bigger than i expected .
these boots are great for a little girl who wants their doll to match their boots . pretty good quality too .
so cute ! the kids love it ! its fun and educational at the same time . plus it keeps them from wanting our phones . highly highly recommend .
we haven't had time to do this yet , but i'm looking forward to helping her work on it when the time comes .
learning resources breakfast foods , set of 16 is just what my 3 year old wanted , it went well with her new play dish set
gave four stars instead of 5 because it could use a little more stuffing . none-the-less very colorful planet for young person to discover the world .
floor puzzles are always a hit . this one is very nicely done . the thomas shaped box is clever as well .
fisher-price has improved this toy they have added another round of sounds and animals , so good the baby can learn more
this is a great expansion . lots of pick 2 black cards . great party game and great replayability . definitely for those with a sick sense of humor .
i love this but not for babies . hopefully when my baby gets older she will have more fun with it .
they are much easier for her to put together since she had a stroke . very pretty bright colors and has helped pass the time after my father passed away
a great expansion pack . i love the addition of steeds . how can you be a munchkin without your trusty steed .
purchased for a 4 year old and he was able to do it . his brothers ages six and seven like it also !
i love this bunny . i bought it for my newborn . i love the long ears and soft fur . it is really the cutest animal ever ! !
my daughter loves this pool . so far no issues with this pool . i'm sure she'll have a great summer with this pool :)
i bought this product four years ago when my kids were a lot younger . years later they still enjoy playing with it .
very durable . my daughter loves this toy . its been through a lot and is still all together . definite recommend to buy !
granddaughters had fun playing with this and provided many hours of creating fake food . can be used by more than one child . nice assortment of items included
this game is hilarious for adults to play and the expansion packs make the fun continue . i highly recommend purchasing them all .
i can't wait to give it to my daughter for christmas . simply beautiful ! ! ! my daughter loves belle and she's gonna love it .
santa brought this to our 8 yr old for christmas yesterday . she loves it ! haven't had any breakage issues . if we do i will update posting .
the child who recieved them opened the box and was thrilled so i assume that they were a big hit
my 4 year old son still plays with his drum and he has it since he was 2 years old
this is a good quality . my granddaughter received this as a christmas gift and loved it for her american girl doll .
my son loves this toy . he received it as a christmas present . it catches his attention all the time .
we love it . music ... lights ... nice button and my kid even though it in the bath tub and it still is working . so great buy !
stuffed doll is exactly right size with appropriate coloring and features.grandchild loves it and carries it around as he plays games .
i gave this as a gift for a friends ' son's birthday party and it was priced right and perfect for his age !
i bought this for my husband for christmas . he flies it in our living room with our five cats waiting for a crash ! very entertaining .
great figurine of the riddler ! in my opinion - by far the best riddler figure out there ! its a timeless classic !
these were a gift for my daughter as she loved the movie frozen and she adores these . she carries and brings them everywhere .
these are fantastic bubbles . they are tiny and plentiful , easy to blow and the tots just love them . great for any party or just for fun .
this toy helped grand baby with her first steps . it is very cute and seems to be sturdy enough for her pre toddler use .
again , i have given my thoughts on these fish in an earlier review and my concern about the batteries . update to come .
these bands had lots of thin places - so they break very easy - you get what you pay for here .
love how flexible and detailed this catwoman figure , awesome sculpting and coloring specially on her face and eyes . highly recomended .
this stacker has been a favorite with the bright flashing lights and bright colors . it travels well and is a much loved toy .
my 9 year old son loves castles and dragons . he had a little help putting it together but has enjoyed working on it .
as good as all the wooden railways we already had , these allow for lots of circuits for thomas & friends .
the case is adorable , but i wish it help more games and had more storage for the car adapter . etc .
plush rocket toy from the well known show ! fairly well constructed for the price.perfect as a gift for a fan of the show.amazon delivered quickly !
as always melissa & doug delivers another great constructed toy.will purchase another one of there products . kids love them .
this is the most beautiful picture of a horse . takes time but it is worth it !
my son loves it and i like that it is not pink ! very gender neutral which a rarity in play kitchens .
this doll is absolutely beautiful ! bought it for my 2nd cousin & she just adores her . any little girl would love to get her as a gift
i have bought many of these puzzles . this was a great price and my grandson was thrilled . melissa and doug are always a good buy .
they are fine , colors are fine , but my main complaint is that they snap easy and create a fair amount of dust .
we use this when playing canasta , and it makes things so much easier . we're so spoiled by it now . definitely worth the price . :)
the puzzles excellent for my 7 and 4 year old grandchildren . very colorful and good size puzzle pieces for little hands and delivered on time .
great value , great buy ... my daughter loves to play with cinderella . we love mattel products and this one didn't let us down .
batteries work great and hold a good charge . i give 3 stars only because we had problems with the actual leappad
a nice dinosaur to add to your dinosaur collection . once again made me believe that papo are the world's best dinosaur figure makers .
they stay saggy.they are colorful and pretty , but not enough ball for my kids.maybe they should be bigger ?
it's so boring the kids haven't played with it once . i tried and it is definitely going in the garage sale box !
i really like the 7 wonders games and this expansion make it wonderful . it complements leaders and the base game a lot .
such a cute wooden toy , and very well made . my 9 month old loves it . i'll be trying out more toys from hape in the future !
my son loved this pony , i got it for his first b-day . it's very sturdy and resistent .
i like her , but bought her more so i can have the complete collection . she wasn't a must have . all in all good value .
the typical imaginext toy . lots of detail , for stars because the shield gets lose and bobbles around . fun toy for the castle collection .
colors were bright and it did work for one time.need to note that the mural is much longer than it is tall .
the actual bead size was larger than i thought they'd be but i like that about these necklaces . they are decent quality .
this doll is a cheap and wonderful addition to any collection big or small ! whoever receives this as a present should love it !
my step granddaughter who is five just love's this and she love's how she can feed it and loves rocking it .
this puzzle is excellent and true to the picture . the quality of the pieces is wonderful , with all pieces interlocking and they are nice and sturdy pieces .
gorgeous doll . loved by my 4 year old granddaughter . very well made . very pretty . should last a long long time .
was xmas present babies loved it think they too lots an lots pictures an entertained thmselves for quiet sometime they still play with it dont forget extra memory card
this was just as promised . it came when it was supposed to . the packaging was good , and it was as advertised .
so easy to use , my grandchildren will love this plane ! i sure had fun playing with it and its foam so it won't break anything !
i love this truck . my son really loves to play with it and push it around , and i love that it is recycled .
these dinosaurs are pretty small , but my son seemed to like them better than other plastic animals . we use them for counting & color identification .
perfect gift for a 12 year old lego fan , will works well with other sets purchased in the same genrel theme
the roof bricks are brick red and you get a lot of them.nifty greenery pieces.door and window frames are cream color .
this is a christmas present and my son is going to love it . he already has 2 different bop it games and will love this one too .
very well made and designed extremely well . highly recommended to play with or even to collect . this flash makes an excellent addition to any dc figure set .
she is 6 years old and get highly frustrated and wants me to do it . i get mad too . oh well
though he is 13 , he was very happy with the accessories and great detail of this kit . had it open before dinner on christmas day.excellent quality product .
i love what they did with adding dk and mario ... great touch , and nice collectible !
one more of those baby girl dolls . it will make a good gift for some little girl !
it's hard to find high quality toys anymore ; just cheap plastic crap that breaks easily . the high quality plastic on this should last a long time .
my son loves these soft funko figures . they are fun and well made . after hours of playing with it still holds up .
we got this for our 7year old son who loves animals . he can't take his eyes off of this monkey !
for the price , this is a fun percussion toy , a little loud for use in most percussion set ups but still pretty fun . i like it .
this is a great learning puzzle . you pull the animal out and it makes the animal sound . exactly what we needed for our toddler !
six month old loved this toy for christmas ! i couldn't wait to give it too him ! lots to do and see and hear . very educational !
got a part of a explorer dress up set with hats net tools great gift ideas for my little explorers
if you know the movie and liked it you'll over the game . it entertaining and kids learn something new each time they play it
my daughter love this set , this set have a great selection of parts for the princess theme . the pink slide is a nice addition
my daughter loves this doll . the song gets a little old , but that is just because my daughter loves to hear it !
my 20 month old loves this ... shes been playing with it since it arrived . its not the best quality but it serves the purpose .
my kids love geodes . i thought they would be a little bigger than they actually were but a big hit none the less .
these are well made and a great buy for the price and goes well on most wooden tracks--very colorful and durable
i love this product becasue has all to play , 4 dolls and their dresses , mix and match with dresses and accesories .
my 2 year old could put the pieces in fast and was done with it . instead we use the pieces to make pictures of our own .
my son loves his marbles . nice assortment of marbles , my son loves the colors and plays with them all the time . very happy with my purchase .
i like this doll . he just stands out in my collection . good for all ages , collectors and those who play with them
this expansion adds more replay value to the base game . if you enjoy 7 wonders , you should definitely get this expansion .
i like this figure . hes cool and the look of him is awesome.this is worth owning if u are unsure .
a great starter set , he quickly learned how to switch around the part and make them spin . i like playing with it too . very cool gift .
my daughter likes the way the doll looks and she also likes to collect the whole series of monster high scaris
very cute and usefull for a child . purchase for my nephew but my 2 yr old son stole it ! lol
as usual another great monster high doll from mattel . great detail and my daughter loves them . they are her favorite doll .
cards against humanity is such a fun game . it has been a huge hit at our parties so far . worth the money !
some toys never will loose their magic ! how many years has the jack-in-the-box toys been around ? ? and they are still loved and enjoyed by all !
rather flimsy . it is made of a harder acrylic like plastic with rather large holes . it doesn't hold components as well as my radio shack brand one does
after she opened this birthday gift , she let the rest of the gifts sit unopened . a great gift for a 3 yr old animal lover .
i purchased this for my 3 year old granduaghter for her vtech mobigo . it works great and was made on a hard plastic .
stitched together well and all clothes and glasses are sewn on so child can play independant of needing help redressing her :)
very hard to keep all the cards together in the car but when you put it on a table the game is great .
this was a gift for my grandson and he was so happy to receive it . he builds interesting architecture with it .
excellent product , is better than picture , mi daugther is very very happy , i think so this doll is the most beutiful , thanks amazon
my granddaughter loves watching dora and really liked this little monkey from dora's shows . recommend for any dora fan . well made , like all ty beanie babies .
it is good for doing tricks but not a good beginner yoyo . it sleeps easy which is hard for a beginner .
bought this game to add to family game night . the is a good old school game to have in the library . board and pieces are good quality .
i purchased these for birthday gift and they are great . all the girls in elementary school love them . would recommend , great price as well .
great for favors or stuffers ! i think the adults have ore fun with these than the kids lol . a must have for party fun ! ! !
just what kids want , baby girl loves it a lot . fun toys for the little ones keeps them busy for a while . lol
oh my goodness , this is precious ! purchased this for my grandson for christmas and i may just have to keep it for myself , it's that cute !
great christmas eve fun project for kids ! the kids thoroughly enjoyed doing this project . we had fun as a family creating this holiday decoration .
this item has all the pockets as advertised and is very soft , until the kids fill it with all their goodies !
my grandson is 11 , even though this is for younger kids , he uses it to transport his lego ' creations ' when he travels .
not only is this bunny absolutely adorable and lovable , but it is so soft that you will want to borrow it to hug . delicious stuffed animal
after a year , these hoppers are still going ! and my kids are not easy on toys . they even play with them outside .
my grandkid is very into monster high dolls . being in high school one must have the right clothes . she loved this outfit .
my granddaughter loved it . my only complaint was she has trouble keeping the horse hooked to the carriage . would recommend .
i love melissa and doug toys for my toddler grandbabies . they actually work and the babies love them so grandma is happy too
you don't have to worry about them getting it on their clothes or anything . it wipes right off easily . recommended .
grandchildren just loved these snowballs anytime 20 pack.their friends had a good time at birthday party throwing them at each other .
this was the perfect size for my niece who's 4 yrs old . it's just the right size for her to carry around .
kids loved these tattoos we added these to their goodie bags .. differnt dino's , bright colors ! great price you cant go wrong :)
fun for the whole family , we spent all afternoon creating bracelets for the girls to bring to school and give out to their friends ! !
my daughter loved little boo ! he's got a cute little t shirt and everything ! very nice . thank you very much
seems great , have not had a chance to use much yet . that is why i gave it 4 stars , otherwise it might get 5 .
bought this for my granddaughter who is 4 . she said she was big but loves her . looking to buy another one for xmas , but smaller . n
my daughter is 9 years old and still loves this game even it it says 5-8 . she likes the game and so does my 7 year old daughter
great little accessory set for block play . i love that the characters are multi cultural and include women . my son really enjoys them .
i have 11 grandchildren and this will be used over and over . i love the concept and good for coordination too ! boys or girls ! !
i bought this for my grandbaby whose birthday is in march ; i thought since she likes princesses , this would bea great learning tool
gave this item as a gift for a child wanting scientific experiments for christmas . item was packaged very nice and looks like they will enjoy it .
how i loved hearing my coworkers scream when they saw these on the floor . they look great and definitely do the trick !
love her look great value for monster high doll granddaughters loves these dolls better then barbie the new era of dolls
little small for the 9 year olds hands but they still loved making them and found other ways to use them .
she really loved it and had her father put it together . she uses it in the house to take her toys around .
have note seen this doll sold here in south africa it is so awesome , and my daughter looooooves it immensely
my 2 daughters , ages 9 and 7 , just love the lego friends sets . they got this one for christmas and have really enjoyed playing with it .
i bought this for my little grandboys to use in their sand table . i see them playing with it a lot , though mostly the larger pieces .
beautiful game that is really interactive and makes you think.the artwork blows my mind . i want a poster of at least half the cards .
this doll was special for my daughter and she loved it . another doll for her collection of monster high dolls
kids love to cuddle with it ! it's very soft and serve as a great pillow . i want to have a whole collection of them !
bought this for a grandson who is crazy about it . . it is old fashioned goood quality it is very sturdy
i bought this for my nephew and it is the cutest cuddliest stuffed animal ... super plush , great colors . i am glad i bought this for him !
my daughter loved this outfit for her doll . easy to dress . i would recommend this outfit for the american doll
this is a great add-on to the mining set . just make sure you keep the assembly instructions . a great companion piece to the mining set .
like the idea of this game but not thrilled with the words on cards . is a very subjective game and can be difficult to play with super competitive people
my 4 year old got this for christmas and loves it . its bigger than what we expected and the quality is really good .
these white ones are not as glossy as my last ones , but i haven't had any break and i've made plenty of bracelets to prove it .
great quality product . my kids love the whole thomas series and this is a girl train so it's great for my daughter .
i got them for my two year old for his birthday and he just loves them . he cannot stop playing with them .
this device is cool , but whats nice is you can put almost anything that is about the size of a quarter , and it will work
got for my daughter who loves to perform . she didn't have any trouble building it and is proud of how it looks
got this for my grandson for his birthday and he loved it . this makes a great gift as it has no sharp edges ~
a friend requested this for her one year old son . he had already had one set and had worn them out .
these are easy enough for my 3 and 5 year old to do almost on their own . they had fun and the finished projects are very cute .
this is a great float for babies . they stay out of the sun and still can be close to you in the pool without getting hurt .
my grand so watched this cartoon everyday and loves suing with the play set . thinking on getting more pieces for him .
this item was rather hard to open . lots of tap , and hard plastic to work through . it was received a little scuffed , but not bad .
this game is amazing and it is clear how it has won so many awards world wide . i would recomend this for any family .
i have not give it to my grandson his birthday is the 15 that is wen he gets it but i sure he will be hapoy with it .
great game for kids who can't read . our 2 yr old loves to mimic the poses on the cards , and the 5 yr old enjoys it too !
this spooky gift went well with the swamp creature and other spooky legos this grandson recieved . he really loves legos .
my granddaughter and i had fun playing it . it brought back memories of when i played it as a child .
got this with the scribble and write and the numbers package . my nephew is 3 years old and is loving playing with this .
funny little glow in the dark hexbug . amazing movement and was surprised that even the adults thought this was cool . kids ages 3-7 all loved it too .
i purchased this for christmas for my four year old granddaughter . i think she will like it as she just loves all the lalaloopsy dolls
i bought these for my 20 month old , and she loves them in the bath . they squirt when you squeeze them . my daughter giggles every time !
being a grandmother who is always looking for activities to do while baby sitting , this inspiration art case was just the thing ! thank you so much !
it is kind of disappointing that aladdin doesn't talk when used with the coordinating princess castle . he just sings the same waltz that the castle plays anyway .
this is a very cool buzz . the helmet has issues with popping up and down , which happened pretty much right off.still very cool .
can't wait for my daughter to open this on her birthday . i got her the house and this will go perfectly in it !
joining the ever growing collection played with for hours a must for any child . sturdy and hard wearing and the voice entrances
christmas gift for my 8 yrs daughter and she absolutely loves it ! ! she plays with it every time she's with me .
price was good but my son soon tired of it ; no way to replace batteries you have to replace whole car
this item was ordered for backup repairs to the helicoper ordered for a grandson ; due to some accidents , they have come in handy .
this monkey is much cuter in person and so soft . my kids think it is great . you won't be disappointed .
i think they were extremely cute , they are really look the same was as in the picture , i am very happy with theproduct
my grandson loves this cart , and takes his stuffed animals for rides in it . it is sturdy with no sharp edges .
this is great to use as a fidget . the texture is somehow satisfying . i got it for my child , but am intrigued by it myself .
well made and grandson loved it ! it was a great addition to his birthday box.this was a good price .
these trash cans keep our grandson busy in his imaginary neighborhood where the trash collector is always hard at work .
this was purchased for our 9 year old grandson . he loves it and is putting it together with his dad . lots of fun !
wears these with dresses mostly . like the colors alot because in the dolls wardrobe she has a few pieces of clothing and tops that these pantyhose goes with .
i gave this to my niece for her 7th birthday--she was super excited and wanted to start in right away .
cute doll best price on amazon . hope the little girl who receives it loves it ! i loved mlp as a kid and love to see it back
my husband loves this piece ! the detail is amazing and we highly recommend it . if you like this one you will love the vader one .
bought this for four year old son for christmas . can't wait to see his face when he opens it up .
we've built 2 of the 3 options so far and we love it ! very clear instructions and always a few extra pieces included in the lego sets .
i would buy this again as a present . i bought this for my 18m old and he loves it ! easy for him to use too !
this is a wonderful toy for your baby . ours had hours of pleasure with it . very high quality also . dame hilda
very cute addition to granddaughters calico critters house and bunnies . she has even made additional items for their nursery until we can purchase more furniture .
my niece loved it . it was the first thing she played with after opening up her gifts . and the best part is it is expandable .
cute pet and pillow . makes a snoring sound . easy to wash and is very soft .
i loved the doll and it came on time and is in good shape.the pictures look like her and her tail is white like it should be .
another good purchase for my son ! this one went on his birthday cake ! these trains all couple up and hold together pretty well .
i gave this to my sister's son for christmas and she said it's really fun to play and very very cute !
i absolutely love doctor who and the 10th doctor is my favorite , so now having his screwdriver is amazing ! it works perfectly !
this was for my niece and she absolutely loved this , she says she is ready for the zombie apocalypses now
exactly as described and arrive on time ! the perfect gift for my teenage mutant ninja turtle loving cousins . my boys adored them many years ago !
we loved these sandals . very well made and though expensive they were a great addition to " michelle's " extensive wardrobe . versatile .
this is a very nice toy . he enjoys flipping it over and watchng all of the beads run down . this is classic fun !
just as described . package was open in box and one tip broken but hey i didn't have to leave my house to get them .
it broke down in the very first use . the needle came out like a rocket . this is a waste of money .
great for your favorite elmo fan ! soft , furry and huggable with fabric eyes that all elmo fans will enjoy cuddling with day or night !
the magnet at the top is too weak to really enjoy the game . we tried several times to play it and finally just had to give up .
very large balloon that was perfect for my daughter's birthday . once it was filled with helium , it lasted for weeks !
these and all legos are truly a pleasure for our grandsons . our younger one put this together w / o any help from an adult .
there are still a lot of smaller pieces in here , not sure if worth the money or not considering how expensive lego's are already .
this is a great toy for a child who enjoys building projects . it really does encourage creativity . we especially like that it is simple .
my 8 year old daughter loves this monster high doll . she is very stylish and the shoes are fab . awesome !
my 3 yr old loves it , it keeps her bust really long.it come with plenty of stickers . its an excellent idea
my son loves thomas , and trains in general . this was a great buy for him and a good addition to his train tracks .
have a merida doll that needed her angus . hunted and hunted . it was suggested i check amazon . happy i did . really cute horse .
the looms are very attractive in with other colours . the silver really stands out . i feel it enhances the finished project .
i ordered 2 of these barbies for my granddaughters for easter . i know that they will love them . how could they not , she's barbie .
great for building anything , you don't need to be connecting base plates to each other all of the time , just build away ! !
i got this for a dollhouse made by my grandfather . it all fit perfectly and the goldfish rug was a great touch .
the expansion only makes the original game better . it adds some classic new cards that are needed for the finniest game of your life .
the tardis is so nice that you will want to keep it out for decoration . my dd snatched it up before we could even play ...
bought this for my sons party . it stood strong through the tuff winds . it was cute and nice size . very happy with this purchase .
i ordered it for my toddler and she really loved ! they are very well made and cute , colorful and good size . i recommend .
i bought this as a gift and the little girl loved it ! she always wants to take her " pocketbook " everywhere she goes .
need to get more than one hexbug . they are very well made and fun to watch . they come in many different styles .
my grandson's love it . personally , i think it is kind of dumb ... however , it is well-made , and they play with it !
i make and sell clothes for the american girl dolls and these hangers are just the right size for everything .
we got this to with the track set . he had to take it out to put on the track set he open first
these pots and pans are very well constructed they make this adult want to use them ! my granddaughter loves them play with all the time .
love the toy but the balls get lost so fast and i can't find anywhere to buy extra balls ! bummer !
he got this for christmas and he loves it . it is very light weight , he had it flying on the first day , he is 7
this little set was adorable . my only complaint is that the tags on the pillows were the same size as the pillows .
there just isn't much to this set for the price . we only bought it for michaelangelo . the pizza thrower concept doesn't really work .
i love the shine but had several break on me . for the price , they should have been better quality . pretty though .
i bought this for my son who has a collection of thomas and friends ! this is a good quality he even showers with his trains .
she loves her stuffed animals so much and will carry them around and play with them whole watching her shows
my kids love this . it has proven indestructible so far . i relied heavily on everyone's reviews because i was unfamiliar with electric helicopters . thank you !
this is one of the prettier monster dolls ! the wings are very pretty and the colors are great ! my granddaughter loves it !
my 6 - year old grandson just loves all these mini lego figures . and that this one was glow-in-the-dark thrilled him to pieces .
added to my grandsons collection of these toys it is like all the others . well made and a good product .
nice assortment of coins ... just what i needed for my classroom . a fantastic buy and very quick shipping ! thank you so much
to my surprise the minion actually says a lot of different phrases ! ! actually lines from the movie and in the minion voice definitely worth the money !
my daughter has enjoyed a lot with the set of clothes for the little mermaid , enjoying the moments of the film
easy assembly . my daughter loves the slide along with her older siblings . decent price and i am happy with the quality of this slide .
broke within minutes after my granson took it out of the container . i do not recommend this product .. not study at all
every child enjoys a fire truck and i hope whoever received this gift is having fun with it.it was on a wish list .
it's been thrown around and twisted about - it's a well-made toy and every boy would love this transformer ! great price and value .
both my 2 almost 3 year old and almost 5 year old loved this ! highly recommend ! awesome quality thank you
this is great quality but to me she's a bit ugly but very detailed with the licorish in her hair
my grandson lives this . he loves the size , the colors , the lights and the sounds . he enjoys playing with this fire truck
i thought these were made of metal , they are a in fact made of a cheap plastic material which after some use i feel will easily break .
my 6 year old daughter loves it ! she finds it all easy to operate and plays with it for a good period of time .
bought these cards for a project , not to play with . the quality of this deck is fabulous . nice , coated cards .
i bought this game for my 12 year old daughter , she loved it ! i played with her and found the game challenging , we enjoyed it !
the melissa & doug easel accessory set was a great price and just right for my grandsons ( 4 & 2 ) .
bought for my dad and he loved it . nice colors nice design got guickly etc . i would recommend buying more of these sunsout puzzles .
easy game to teach the family with quick play . quickly hem in the competition to see who gets the most fish .
this has become a staple of the christmas season . my son loves opening and building each day . keep up the good work lego .
present it is a present unknown how she will like it yet ! hope she will like it , but it is unknown
yes these are cheap but they held up for the party and the kids loved them they all had them all and loved them ... perfect cheap party favor
east carry case an great zippers on all sides to zip down and zip back up.any lego fan will love this container .
great quality great price.very colorful . lots of fun . my granddaughters loved them . i would recommend these to anyone who likes barbies
i got this for a 10 yr old ! i think it's for older ! ! but a fun game ! nice challenge for older kids !
a little advanced for a three year old but he will learn to play with it he is . getting . it for christmas
the kids love it , they love to play it and thankfully i have a long hallway to make it fun !
the wallets are well made but you cannot overstuff them . shipping was prompt and overall a great item for party favors
goes awesome with the step 2 easel desk set that the kids have and they love playing with these . i would buy again .
the person who received this venus doll ( who happens to be an adult male collector now of monster high dolls ) loved it .
this is what the boy asked for for christmas . he is 7 and into starwars bigtime . oi will find out at christmas if he likes it
a fun party game for a group of adults who are preferably slightly inebriated . in fact we spilled some wine on the cards necessitating this replacement !
i bought this item for my granddaughter and she loves it . the number of pictures included is great and i would recommend this to others .
we purchased merida , sleeping beauty and ariel for our four year old grand daughter . she loves dressing the dolls and mixing up the shoes and dresses .
this was a great addition the the happy sounds home . my 2 yr old loves to pretend grandma and grandpa are coming for a visit .
my granddaughter took this to school to share with her classmates . i think they all enjoyed it . i will probably buy the other versions .
this was exactly the teenage mutant ninja turtle that my grandson asked for ! he was happy so i am happy .
great bear and my daughter loved it . she ended up letting the markers dry up by leaving the caps off but still good as a hugging bear .
my kids love this game . we count with them and then when they are done , they use them in their kitchen :)
once again melissa and doug stuff comes through . these are durable and are easy to use . the boys have a lot of fun with them .
great for the little chef ! the top opens and closes nicely and the doors stay shut . plenty of storage in the " cabinet " part .
what can i say but this is awesome ! i love to put lego's together and i can . t wait to see the end results
it is great to have a variety of these on hand for our mini figures and if one gets lost it's no big deal !
i bought this for my niece leapster and its kind of big for the case but it would do the job
got this for my 2 year old grandson--he has so much fun with this . the balls do end up everywhere , but that's part of the fun .
i bought the uptown kitchen for my granddaughter and found this set to be a perfect accompaniment . she loves the set .
melissa and doug make high quality puzzles . these jumbo knob puzzles work nicely for infants . our granddaughter loves this puzzle .
a classic that my toddler loves . didn't help him learn to walk as it's not that heavy or sturdy . a good purchase .
my child requested this for christmas , but he doesn't seem to pay much attn to it - i think it's pretty cute
i got this as a present , and it is so glam and its absolutely amaze ! its totally a must have ! my dolls love it !
this flash light sings and teaches colors and is fun , this is a great purchase and i would recommend it .
my son and i love to play cards but he always had trouble holding all of the cards . we love this holder . great product !
this is not that much fun to play with . my kids lost interest quickly and the finished jewelry did not dry very well .
good quality . all kids were amazed with their sparking tatoos . the stencils can be reused . parents love it too ! highly recommend for parties .
we purchased to give away at halloween.worked well , all of hte necklaces lit up fine.these are always a big hit .
great product to make loom bracelets . used these to make many bracelets and they're very durable . also , they didn't have that rubbery smell .
great price , great buy , and is very big for how cheap it was seems like it will last awhile
this was a hit for my son's second birthday . it entertained kids from 1.5 years through 6 years ! be forwarned , the blue tails fall off easily .
this was a christmas present for one of my grandsons who loves both legos and trains so how can you go wrong . i recommend it .
it's leg broke the first day of play and a burning smell came right before it stopped working . my son loved it so he was very disappointed .
the first big dig i received from amazon was faulty ; however , they quickly sent a replacement . it was easy to assemble and my son loves it .
sent to the grandkids for valentine's day . just thinking of them and better than candy . they love them . will send more .
he had asked for them and loved them . exactly as pictured . that's all , that's all , that's all , that's all folks .
have not seen the item open yet as i purchased it as a gift for an upcoming birthday . appears to be exactly as indicated .
love the triangular shape of these crayons . also love that they came in a re-sealable plastic jar . perfect for small hands !
my daughter loved this kit of scrap booking stuff . lots to do and when finished makes a wonderful memory book .
got as stocking stuffer for son ended up being a big hit should have gotten the extra balls cute toy
w ho doesn't like legos ? they are always winners with everyone of every age . any choice is a winner for anyone !
i expected something much smaller for that price . this is a very impressive set up . my 2 year old nephew loves his new toy !
my daughters are ages 5 and 7 and both enjoy playing this game . would recommend this game to other buyers .
good times , loves switching jot back and forth from truck to dino , keeps his attention well and has some cool features , voice control is cool .
now one of my favorite jewelry items . very inexpensive and yet beautiful . similar items sell for much more in a boutique .
this is such a cute product - - my kids had so much fun at the beach with this toy . i love melissa and doug products :)
these peg boards are great . the attach to each other so you can make a larger perler bead creation . i am buying more !
great fun game . we play this as a family . we enjoy and have a great time . so will you . enjoy .
great toy this one has never been in our local stores so got it here son loves it ! he has them all .
instant eatery in the living room ! big enough for their kitchen equipment and their books too ! played with it all the time we were there !
this is big but was a gift for a nephew who loves safari animals and is very colorful and fun to work on as a family .
my nephew loved thishe is a huge fan of despicable mejust wish it was a lottle bigger it was smaller than i expected
have had it 2 months now & it still works . that's saying a lot in this home .
my son loves this spider man as it really works and it is an innovative toy . i really recommend it
there are a ton of cards to match , so we actually split it between characters and everything else , and my 3 year old loves it .
what can you say ... fisher-price is the best . we have loved their quality toys for years and they are still fun .
its fun a for a bit . not overly exciting for the little one but what toy really holds their attention span very long ?
my daughter loved this christmas gift . it is small and sweet . you can take the unicorn out of the pouch as well .
this product is great my grandkids play with this all this all the time they love it with there other star wars leggos
bought this for my niece for her b-day , and she loved it . great birthday gift for little ones !
it's nice and big and my boys have a bridge they can't break now ! i love wood toys for my sons :)
this was fun for our daughter for awhile . she eventually got bored of it , but it did provide some entertainment with a little educational value .
we got this truck for my son's birthday ! he loves it ! i love that it is made in the usa and is bpa free .
very puzzling keeps my master maze worker and everyone else occupied , good bye electronicsthis will entertain for hours , perfect
we love this game . even my 4 year old who has a hard time with the balancing loves it . it is great for everyone !
what good are the guns without zillions of darts ? ! these nerf darts perform well and hold up after repeated use .
my grandson thought this was the coolest gift and has enjoyed playing with it . it is a great gift for boy or girl .
this item was requested by my great grand daughter for her fifth birtday . she loved and still does loce her barbie cameria .
nice big and tough trucks that have easy to move parts and are light to carry . my two year old son loves them and plays with them daily !
didn't work as described .. i've had other problems with crayola products .. not buying anything from crayola ( like this ) again ..
got these along with a bunch of other stuff , made a good little thing to throw into the gift bags and they were super cheap
the toy was nice but a disappointment because the battery was dead inside , so i had to go and purchase a battery so that the toy would work .
i love this game so much , it hurts my very soul . i suppose that makes me a terrible person , doesn't it ?
bought this unit as a christmas gift for nephew.loves it ! ! add great times for him and his friends . " appears " to be built with quality.recommend.john
more for a younger crowd , but still entertaining for adults . it's nice that it is cooperative and there is an element of skill in it still .
fantastic price for a great game with wonderful replay value . completely customizable scenarios . the game is never the same twice .
the people who invent imaginext toys get how kids play , particularly boys . the batcave is a hit with our 6 - year-old . i recommend it .
adorable pillow and pet . makes snoring noise , washes nicely and the kids just love them .
exactly what i expected . i'm sure my 4 year old granddaughter will love it . quality add on product to her system .
neat little pack . my son has lost them all in the house already . fun while it lasted . better than the awful at-at set .
i have had a little bit of fun playing with this item . i have used a maglite flashlight to make it drive across the hardwood floors .
my grandson loves playing with this puzzle for hours and has learned not only his vehicles but his colors as well .
my son is enjoying his transformer toy . this item is so easy 4 him 2 put together . this is so awesome .
only a few broke , most lasted through the kids playing with them . they definitely served their purpose . iii iii iii
the school was having a teddy bear drive . this soft , cushy bear would make any little girl or boy happy .
gift for my niece , very popular but lots of little pieces ! apperantly all the girls like this stuff ! ! she loves them !
it has lots of variety and promotes creativity . my granddaughter loves it and has a great time experimenting with different designs .
this is really a great toy . my 4 - year old loves making the shapes match the pictures . she plays with it often .
love these they are great for jewelry , hair bands and my favorite keeping wrapping paper from unwinding . lots of uses and so cheap .
my little boy loves his , and plays it through-out the day . great price & quality ! recommend highly as a learning tool .
dress was perfect and my little girl was in love . the dress fits her doll perfect and it the outfit was made to fit .
great for young children who like to bang things and take them apart . i wish more toys were made from wood instead of plastic .
i bought these for my nephews birthday and he loved them . apparently he has the castle and the toys talk to each other .
lot of research to find appropriate songs for 8-10 yr.old . by way of holding the boys ' attention , it seriously fell short .
these are the original parts of good quality and work great . they arrived even earlier than i thought they would .
this is a nice addition to the dominion game . i definitely enjoy the cards in this one . i would definitely recommend this set for heavy dominion users .
this set goes well with the easel purchased , and it's great for kids . my granddaughter really enjoys it and it works well .
this is a cute puppet theater . i only with it could fold up easily . my 5 year old daughter uses it to entertain my 21 month old twins
this is a good starting point for a thomas track set-up . our 4 - year-old grandson especially enjoys placing the bridges in many different positions .
i have the boy version and think it's so cute so i got this one for a friends daughter and they love it !
the puppet is durable and unique . it's a really great value ! there's deffinately educational value in it because it fosters imagination time !
i did not count the bands but i am very happy with what i did get . great quality too . no complaints
my son loves this especially the stories . he is only two years old but he loves the game ( even though mummy is playing it for him ) .
nice little batons , but overall smaller and lighter than when i was a kid . they are made well and the grandkids love them . good price .
it fits the thomas the train tracks but not as snug as the thomas brand . it works good enough and was a bit cheaper which always helps .
a lot of balls for a lot of fun & laughter . my kids love them & we filled their tent with it at times .
this is a smaller sized soccer ball , good for 2-4 year olds or kids that are really new to soccer .
cheap and i did not plan to let my toddler show up at school with it . paid for logo , of course
this was a hit with grandkids and their parents . i purchased as a christmas gift . so unique and this was the best price i could find .
great for trips and i actually prefer this smaller size to the larger one we use at home ! good gender neutral gift as well .
my 5 year old daughterreally love to draw picture , i think this is perfect for her , especially when we have to travel .
grandbaby loves this . set up in the garage , easy to take down , hours of fun for her . well made and sturdy
bought this for my son and he loves them . great price for the entire set , hard to five 5.00 a piece thomas trains . good thomas quality .
my grandkids love this ! it's easy to assemble . i can move all around the yard , when needed . it's a keeper !
these are perfect for a child as young as one . the letters are larger and easier for little hands to grab .
should get 1 or 2 of these when you buy the game . you get to add some games without having another cartridge to keep up with .
perfect . just as described and gives my extra parts for my multiple heli rc's that i have in my collection .
great first addition to my 3 year olds play kitchen . she loves to pretend to cook our favorites . durable and well made . a great value
this was a present for my 8 year old . he enjoyed building it and it looks great . i'd recommend it .
i bought this as a christmas gift and it was just as i expected and just as i remembered when i was a kid .
love this little playset . my daughter recently started liking ariel and she is really excited to play with this cute set !
talks your child through the directions . easy to use bothe my son and daughter love this toy . worth it all the way
i purchased this as a gift for my daughter and she loved it ! the plush pet is super soft and adorable ! perfect for any webkinz fan !
i bought this for my one year old granddaughter . she loves it and plays with it all the time . great purchase .
bought this for my 5 year old niece for christmas . she absolutely loves it and seems to have a lot of fun with it .
awesome the grandchildren had a great time making many bracelet ! it passed the time while we were waiting for the rain to stop .
dominion is a fun game that only gets more fun with more expansions . this one adds a lot of expensive cards and ways to get more money .
my two year olds don't always use the pull back feature , but they are thrilled with the " up truck " and often sleep with it .
this is the cutest little girl elf ! my granddaughter is going to love it . soft and cuddly . great for any child !
abby looks great ! her dress is adorable , sweet wings and the wand completes it . excellent purchase for sesame street fans .
very educational . fun . easy and challenging at the same time . my 9 year old boy loves this kit . highly recommended .
for the price this toy was worthy the only thing i would change was the lid . it comes off too easy making it frustrating for little ones .
this stuffed elmo is such a perfect toy for anyone who watches sesame street . it is a great size and is very cozy .
for any kid who loves shrinky dinks ... this box was big and worth the money . who wouldn't love to make and shrink monsters ! ! ! great gift
i added this to my child's wish list last week at the cost of $ 35 . now it doubled in price .
great kid pool . it gets gross quick , however . you need to clean it everyday and thats no fun . children love it .
the delivery was quick and the price was fair . my kids loved it , it's easy to put together . it's fun .
great alternative to flashcards & helping kids get those multiplication facts down . i had one when i was young as well ... a great learning tool ~
easy enough to assemble . my 5 & 2 year old boys love it . it stresses out our dog because it is noisy , but we manage .
i got this game for my grandson for christmas . he loves it and plays with it all the time . very happy .
there isn't enough of the sticky stuff to use on all the stars . they don't seem to glow for very long .
i would not purchase this again as the items are more box than toy . quite a job to remove the items from the box also .
this was a gift for someone . everything inside was fine , but the scrabble box had a medium sized tear in it .
too cute ... love dori and the stuffed fish looks original from the disney store.more than happy with this purchase.great for christmas gift or birthday gift .
pegasus rules it has 4 different modes and the final drive rules yeah it broke my counter leone hasbro it cracked the counter fuison wheel
my kids loved these two fun , marshmallow guns . fun right out of the box . i would buy again as gifts .
excellent customer service , and so on . exactly why the kids want to play with these is a mystery to me
this kit will be a prize for our green conservation program at the library and the kids are each hoping they get this door prize .
this is a perfect little sleeping bag for likely any 18 " doll . my daughter uses it for her journey girl and it's just right .
very cool has lots of accessories good for your dollyour doll can wear this but be careful putting it on
our toddler son loves to walk around with this and groove to the music . i like that it plays more than one mind-numbing song :)
great deal for the pokemon cards.amazing cards best cards mostly beat everybody with those cards . this is what my grandson has to say ! ! !
my daughter loves her school set , and i was so happy that we could find extra worksheets for it ! great learning toy !
my kids absolutely love nursing nana and nursing nina . they are so soft and cuddly and the little puppies and kitties are adorable .
i was ordering based on the picture and description . i got cheap chinese plastic microphones , but they aren't the ones pictured . they are just okay .
my grandson already has some other cranes and he will enjoy harvey as much as the others . he'll be surprised .
got this for my daughter as a christmas present . she loved it . now she can get back at her brother with her own gun .
i though my 5 year so would like these but i think she was a little young . i would say 7 and older for a good age .
my granddaughter loved her gift and enjoyed playing with it . i wish there had been more fashions available to buy extra clothes for this wolf doll .
perfect for little hands to hold .. i bought them for my 12 month old grand babies and they love them .
this was a gift for someone , so i am not sure if he liked it or not ... i know he loves trains
it's fun but it's more of a one time thrill gift . my daughter who is 4 played with it once and that was it . pretty cheesy gift .
these were early christmas presents and my grand daughters love them ! taught them gun safety and how to shoot . nice
my son has enjoyed this fun addition to his " toy story " toys.well made , nice toy . i recommend this toy if you're in the market .
both my two year old and my four year old love this toy ! ! they play with it all the time ! !
great two player game , easy to learn but will take years to master .
this is my six year old daughters favorite monster high doll . she loves that it comes with cute little roller skates . great gift for a young girl .
my little granddaughter loves the " corn popper " ! i don't know if it's the noise it makes , or being able to see the little poppers pop
i bought these dresses for my 8 year old granddaughter . she loves the dresses , and i am very pleased with the quality and workmanship .
these minitures look good . my son liked these . adventure time is his favorite show for now . he plays with them all the time .
this was good eye candy but it is pretty limited after a while . works well and is a little noisy
they are sooo tiny and do not really grow much in water--most do not stay round and fall apart easily .
such a huge process for such small results , i was so dissapointed with this product . do not buy if you expect actual big crystals ! !
i bought these for my 8 & 10 yr old . it was a good value and the kids love to share and trade .
arrived in a timely fashion . perfect for young children up through early elementary . easy to put together , hard to lose pieces !
i got this for my daughter and she really liked them . i think , come spring , she'll be out there looking for butterflies and other critters .
great colors . i like having this variety pack on hand for when we are using fingerprints , etc . they have held up well
quality game materials and funny game contents . a good addition to my set . fits nicely into my ' bigger blacker box ' also put out by cah .
she loves this toy & it entertains her for quite some time . this was her favorite thing under the christmas tree , besides the bows .
popular toy for little boys . we had a house full of relatives and all the little boys took a turn with this toy !
we bought this slide for my niece . shes obsessed with it and goes up and down over and over . it is sturdy .
i bought this as a birthday gift for my 3 year old grandson cedric . he loves trains , and he loved this one as well .
this actually works . bought it for my 2 year old son and he loves it . the button is easy for a toddler to understand and operate .
i give these as good behavior rewards when i am teaching dinosaurs to my three and four-year old pre-k classes .
great , my son loves it and it goes perfect with the rest of his toy story characters . 4 weeks in and still smells pretty strong of strawberries .
my son is 12 and has always loved dinosaurs . these are very realistic and loves having his friends around him .
this leap pad 2 is a great handheld for my 4 year old . games are inner changeable with leapster explorer and my son loves it !
my cousin loves this . i was not dissappointed in the product . it was everything she wanted , and tons of fun .
this cute toy from the hit cartoon doc mcstuffins is cuddly just like the cartoon and likes to cuddle this toy is soft and lovable
both of my kids love playing this game . very encouraging , educational & fun game for your little ones .
wake up ertl ! ! until ertl starts manufacturing quality children's toys like bruder they lose my money ! thank you bruder - my grandchildren love you
bought this for a teenaged grandson who spends hours playing computer games . he says it's fun to manipulate while between moves .
my 5 yo loves this set . it took a while to put together , but it was time well spent .
a very fun zookeeper piece from the lego series 5 . it comes with a banana and a cute little monkey .
i got these dice for my daughter and she loved them . i got a matching blue bag also for her .
when i got shadow he's everything whats advertised and more . such as intimidating . red and black suits him and megatron is scared of him
this is alot of fun for girls as they love art work as it is and being able to draw on a bear and then wash it is great
the only way to improve this would be to put it on a heavier base so it doesn't knock over so easily .
easy to assemble and sturdy . works well for 16 inch dolls . would definitely recommend this bed . good quality and price was right
my 4 year old grandson loves it .. teaches so much ... i love it ! ! ! :) what a great gift this was :)
good for fun in summer . like any such product it has a life span but should last a summer of play for kids .
this really is a super cool stuffed animal . the kid it was for wore it as a belt and a cape .
this is hours of fun and fostering creativity for a toddler . i would recommend this sticker pad and it's well made .
very cute and quality toy . purchased as gift for greatgrandaughter . i think she will enjoy the sound and pastel colors .
these were a stocking gift for our son-in-law . he loves doing silly things and i thought these might bring a few chuckles .
this is a great addition to a sand or water table . it keeps them entertained for a very long time .
you must own this so you arent spending hundreds on batteries all the time . the leapster eats through batteries like crazy . this has saved lots of money .
recipient of gift loved it ! he is really into star wars and legos so this was a perfect for him
we bought this game as a gift but loved the original ( non-jr . edition ) everyone in the house from 5-37 years old !
my grandkids love this set . they have created many interesting things and you can let your imagination run wild ! i am sure i will be buying more .
my granddaughter loved this gift . she has a real pony available to her but this one is less independant and smells better .
i bought this for a granddaughter who really liked her cousins that he had . now she's part tomboy . glad you offered these
we got a good deal on this product and have not been disappointed . hours of summer fun . my 5 year-old can do it all by herself ! !
we got these along with the trolley and they are adorable . my son loves playing with them . i'm so happy they have everyone in one package .
we love md and this is not an exception ... great little gift for girls birthday . great price , great item . we love it
these are great for my toddler , she's 3 and loves art . perfect size for her little hands . they got here fast too !
my kids love this and it was a perfect addition to the loving family doll house . it is fabulous and my daughters love it .
low price , educational toy , and lots of colors and buttons to amuse any toddler . finished my christmas shopping at amazon .
this was a christmas gift to my 6 year old granddaughter . it was of excellent quality and she was well pleased with it .
my granddaughters love them . there large and easy for little hands to hold and last longer . also very washable when mishaps happen .
this pad was " okay " ... but for some reason i expected it to be he big doodle pad like i remembered , this one was small .
great price and perfect for project i am planning . smaller than expected , but will work out fine . would recommend for others .
if you are a fan of the harry potter series and are a gamer looking for an adventure check this one out .
we bought this to " restart " out sea monkey aquarium after the previous ones had run their course . great kit gives you everything you need !
my kindergartner and 2 year old have really enjoyed playing this , i highly recommend buying this word builder for children who are learning to spell .
i just bought this in case my heli breaks , but so far its resisting a lot . i think ( and hope ) i will not need them .
i bought this for my 3 - year-old niece and she absolutely loves it . we were told she spent the whole day taking pictures ! no complaints here !
this is a must have for any lego collection . it makes it nice so legos will stay together without breaking .
she absolutley loves the twilight saga . bella and edward are her two favorite people . ! ! ! the two dolls made it the best christmas ever for her
surprisingly this lego has yet to be modified by the boys , they play with it weekly as well as the other lego
my kids love it , they play with it . all the time . well built and easy for the kids to use
i bought this for my grand daughter to play with that , while i cook . that ' ll help . great and fun .
this was my 2 year old's favorite christmas present . we can play it as a family , and my daughter loves losing .
i repeat ... classic game imitation that plays exactly like the original . my kids have fun playing and i didn't overpay . ' nuff said .
thw lego duplo creative cakes are fun but i was disappointed that there are not enough blocks to make a fully rounded cake .
my son bought this one and a different one and enjoyed them both . i would buy for a gift also . thanks again
my 3 year old loves this . he's shied away from his leap pad games cause they've been too hard . this one is great !
felt food is a great idea and so safe for small children - reminds me of the flannel boards from pre-school !
i really like the remotes and they talk and sing . the kids love them them as well so it's a win-win situation .
love that the dough all fits in the can , just wish there was not velcro on the back of the cookies and the pan .
my grandsons love to push these large tractors around my house . they are sturdy enough to withstand toddlers . great product !
this was exactly what my v911 needed . parts installed easily and i was back flying in no time . keep one for a spare .
good ball for the price .. a little heavy at times ( volleying ) . bright colors . seems sturdy not like it will pop easily .
i bought this set for my 6 - year-old to introduce her to legos . she loves it . they are legos , exactly as described .
adults like to play with this as much as my grandson - so neat and easy and encourages various body actions so not always laying on floor
we purchased this item for our niece for christmas and she loved being able to pick her own apps ! the ease of use with this item is tremendous !
my 7 year old loves scooby doo , so we have gotten at least three of these . she never tires of it .
grandson had this all figurt out in a bit . did not take him long for a 6 year old he does it all
my grandson loves it . he puts his hot wheels on it and transports them around the living room . i love it .
this outfit is amazeballs ! ! ! goes good with the american doll brand and looks fabulous on her . would definitely order from sophia again
view is pretty good . average product for a young child . i would buy it if i saw it in a store . made well .
these are very realistic , nice bright colors , and good quality . my grandson and i are very happy with them . that's it .
both my kids had this in their crib-you could always tell when they were awake in the morning-instantly they would play with it . very adorable-recommended highly !
every lego fan needs these plates to build their creations . my kids have several of these in various colors and they work great to keep their creations together .
i should have known from other disney dolls that the hair is awful . much better to buy barbie princess dolls . basicallt these are only good to display .
just what i expected it was going to be . very cute . my 19 month old son loves the bowls & uses the cups as bowls too .
my son likes this toy , it is very educational as to opposites and big and little . i would give it 4 out of 5 stars overall .
gave as a gift , little girl liked it and it is well made , of course its dora so it is popular now .
this is a must have for those strawberry shortcake fans . arrived in great condition . loaded with your of fun ! packaged very well . no complaints !
bought this item as a gift for one of my grandsons . my grandsons love playing with beyblades and he loves this starter set .
as all angry birds , its a hit ! very cute ! great gift for a star wars junkie , even better of star wars and angry birds junkie
this is a cute quiet activity for a child over 2 years old . it was so cute . i love it .
disappointed in the quality of this product . mainly made of plastic . very dissapointed in size and especially since a disney item
i have purchased nearly all of the melissa and doug reusable sticker pad products and have never been disappointed . melissa & doug products are the absolute best .
it's too expensive it don't come with a torso to top it off and if you want to buy another torso is $ 20
i bought this for my great niece for christmas along with the matching other little people and she was absolutely thrilled with all her gifts .
this is a nice little storage case but i wish there was some how more room for the game cartridges .
granddaughters were thrilled with these . they are light and actually magnify some . it just adds to their realism as pirate princesses ...
my 3.5 yo loves this game ... and my 5yo finds it easy but fun . i actually even enjoy playing it ... short and sweet and fun .
fastest man aive hes fun even when hes in danger and always try to keep the jla as a family
i'd rank him right up there with boulder in terms of ease of transformation , good looks in vehicle and robot form . a big hit in the household .
my grandson loves his new game and plays with it often i would recommend it to all , the kids will like it .
my son loves batman and totally loves this item he plays with this item more than any others i have gotten him in the past .. thanks
ordered these since we keep losing them . they fit appropriately into my daughter's rebel nerf bow . nice to have matching colors , but not necessary .
this nerf gun is no joke . it has range , velocity , accuracy--total package . my boys love it and we probably will end up getting one more .
if your kid likes ' mater and lightening mcqueen and tag and is approx 7 years old , this is a winner .
this is a great doctor kit with sturdy pieces . i love that everything fits into its box for easy clean-up .
a little smaller than i expected , but still nice beads . i like that it comes in a container that will keep the beads sorted .
the kids don't like it because it doesn'twork right and the marker was out fast.kinda mad about it .
got these and the color wonder markers for my 2 year old grand-nephew . it is a wonderful product . the paper is almost like magic !
my daughter loves this little chef set . she recently got a play kitchen and always runs to put this on before she's going to cook . super cute !
this train is really cool ! has lots of activities for toddlers . my 2.5 year old daughter loves it also . good buy !
we have the ultimate lego collection going on . i should have taken stock out on legos a long time ago .
the fast talking freewheeling autobot is back and with a new look , blurr is a whirling dervish on the battlefield leaving the decepticons dizzy with dust in their mouths
like , one could go wrong with lego ? i do not think soooooooo .
my little grand daughter has been trying to feed her dolls in her high chair , but it is too tall and she needs a child size one !
i purchased this for a two year old for her birthday , her parents got her the castle and she loves this .
got this for my grandson for his birthday ! he is very tall and this is the right height for him to play with
cute product and a great deal . 9 yr old daughter who's love's to draw loved this ! couldn't beat it for the price .
this is a great little lego . it way for my granddaughter and she just loved it and it was perfect .
great gift for my 8 yr old son . he did have to have his dad's help to put it together .
this is just what i grew up with but appears to have shrunk from what i remember . regardless , still a fun game
i have to try and keep the dogs pink house clean but the dogs are adorable . i would definitely recommend this set .
my son collects the minecraft action figures , and enderman is one of his favorite creatures to battle so he was thrilled when he got this for his birthday !
this is really cool ! unfortnately the 9v batteries are expensive and don't last for more than a week . dust collector !
we are working with my three year old grandson on matching lower case letters to upper case letters , so these worked well .
our daughter likes playing this game so much we also bought the hello sunshine game made by the same people .
with summer approaching , this helicopter cruises for an adventurous ride that all kids are sure to enjoy . very resilient with excellent customer service . have fun !
just darling set . well made and a cute outfit of jeans and a blouse . quality and fits well on american girl dolls .
i got these for my nephews ... they also received monster trucks , etc ... but they kept coming back to these because they intrigued them .
great toy when daddy is grilling outside the kids can make their own " hamburgers " with all the trimmings and none of the mess .
bought this for my daughter since she is so into dancing . she loved her and said she looks just like her :) .
our one-year-old loves this toy ... one of her favorites , by far ! she giggles along as the puppy sings and laughs ! great toy !
the kids love these and really do find wonder in the colors coming out . the metallic pages are especially cool .
got this for my 4yr old to go with his rescue city set . i like how it interacts with the building , he loves it .
its great for keeping all the papers and artwork together . less clutter around the house . great idea .
i love this whole line of little people . this coach is really cute and i love that it plays music
this is a really cool design . and great that it lights up ! ! !
the easter bunny brought these for my 14 month-old daughter . she loves them . they're really nice and a must-have for any gabba loving child .
the food is the most realistic i've ever seen . everyone that sees it comments how real it looks , not the fake plastic junky kind . good quality !
my grandson plays with this but gets a little frustrated because it is very limited in mobility and ' transformability ' .
gave these as christmas gifts and the little girls all enjoyed playing with them . i recommend as a take along toy for the car or restaurants .
my nephew loves cars but is still putting hot wheels in his mouth . these large , wooden toys are much less of a choking hazard .
these puzzles are great ! great for toddlers to grip and the puzzles themselves are nice and thick . they arrived on time !
interactive with imaginext rescue city--my boys haven't stopped playing with it ! it was a christmas favorite this year ! glad that santa found this !
started to buy up choo choos for a toddlers collection to play with while watching thomas the train . she loves it and pushing the talk button
my 3 year old granddaughter wasn't all that interested in the game . she looked at a few of the pictures and was done with it unfortunately .
we have had this tea set for years and it has held up wonderfully ! it's a great size for little hands and provides hours of watery pretend fun !
this doll is very cool . i think it will definitely become a collector's item . way to go barbie ! handsome ken !
my granddaughter loves barbie . she has fun dressing up all her dolls . she loves the dresses . she is fond of having her dolls ready to party .
a great toy for my little baby girl , she have a lot of fun with it , i love the interaction with my iphone
just what my son wanted for xmas , very nice product and shipped neatly and very fast . very happy with item ...
love melissa and doug products and this didn't disappoint . so many options for kids to play . great for beach or bathtub
a way to keep thing neat and easy for any child to color . my granddaughter loves them and no mess
this game takes awhile to learn but then it's hours of fun for the whole family . it never gets old because every game is different .
my daughter loves this and it's legos for girls . nice to find some legos that are geared towards girls . she love it being hello kitty
if you love fisher price little people you'll enjoy this toy too . it's sturdy , made well and can take a beating .
i am using this as a christmas gift for my great niece so i cannot rate the item as of right now .
my nephew totally loved this item and can't stop playing it ! i love it simply because of its educational value ! much better than the ds he wanted !
wonderful lego castle , worth every penny . my five year old grandson was able to put it together almost all by himself . great details .
these shoes fit my daughter's american girl doll perfectly . great price and my five year old loves the sparkly shoes !
my sons plays with this all the time ! he absolutely loves it . its a great gift for those kids who like build .
my favorite character on games ! just wanted a fun collector item to keep of jon snow . love it ! ! ! not for kids really , small parts
these are a must have if you have a leap pad / . batteries are expensive and don't last long . works great for traveling .
my granddaughter is enjoying this activity . she does it with her sisters and her friends . i am waiting for her to make me one .
great vibrant wood vegetable toy . they are well made and don't crack even after incredible abuse from my toddler and her friends . i love the variety provided .
i recommend this for-any toddler who enjoys character and imaginative play . it talks and rides well and fits in small figures .
my son liked this toy , it's very nice . i recommend it for children between 5 and 10 years . it's a good toy
figuring this out because it was missing a piece and its all one color makes it very difficult . i am very disappointed in this puzzle
nice addition to the prop wash junction play set . also compatible with the sky track challenge set . not too heavy , but not too light .
lego ? ? pink brick box - 4625very nice pink box of itsy bitsy bricks ! i will hold for when three year old granddaughter is a little older .
these pans are so cute . they are solid wood and made really well . they are perfect for our 2 year old .
this was cute , but not worth what i paid for it . i would not buy it again unless it was at a lower price .
i got this for half off around christmas . its ok . my son is 2 and doesn't seem that interested in it .
my 10 month old grandson received these as a christmas gift . they are solid wood and very well made . he loves pushing them around on the floor .
i had to tried several times to get a bubble to form in the wand . the wand doesn't form the bubble that well .
my son loved this , he really is enjoying playing with it . its sturdy and good quality . loud but fun for kids .
she loves molly and smiles every time she sees her , especially when she heres her sing she runs over to pick her up
who wouldn't love these cute little suede boots ? they go so well with other outfits and look adorable . very nice
i just grew tired of having to empty it to get the debris out of it . we both fit in easily without feeling crowded .
these are so cute , my niece and i just love to sit and play and make new items for the critters to live ! !
i bought this for my granddaughter's birthday coming up this summer . i think she will love it . she loves ladybug things .
an addition to my 6 year old grandson's skylander giants collection . from what he tells me , it's a great giant with lots of " cool " powers .
i bought this school bus for my 11 - month grandson and he likes it a lot ! fisher-price makes quality toys and i would recommend it !
i bought two of these for my grandsons ' 6th birthday . they were absolutely delighted , even wanted to wear them to bed .
very good product for the price . love these trucks as the size is perfect for kids 2-8 years . enjoy if you purchase .
my grand daughter couldn't put it down . she was very happy to get this invisible ink and pad .
it has the ususal quality expected of crayola and is great for helping little ones learn while having fun .
a lot of flashing light and a lot of number blocks to count lolbut he move it from room to room to play :)
my daughter collects barbie dolls . she began by collecting the edward & bella ones , her request was jacob & he was just what she wanted !
bought this as a night light for my toddler . she loves it and plays with it all the time . i highly recommend to anyone with small kids .
these lego sets are perfect for little girls . girls love lego's and finally there are legos just for them ! perfect
little one loves these legos and it was a great purchase to get him started in his love for legos .
my 2 yr old granddaughter really likes these . they offer many hours of play , and the stickers are easily repositioned .
my 8 year old son wanted this for so long . got a great deal on amazon , of course . he loves it & so did my wallet .
we got mcqueen to go along with mater . works very well and is extremely durable . my sons have had a great time playing with both characters .
there's a ton of food included in this set and includes all the items you expect , plus some that might be a surprise .
it's okay . i thought my daughter would like stamps a little better . she'd rather paint . the paint and brushes are cheaper .
highly versatile when it comes to poses . haha you probably could film a stop motion version of power rangers action fights with one of these
what's a day at the beach without the best toys to play candy kitchen ! my kids spent hours playing with these items .
white bands anywhere and i needed them for christmas for one of my grandchildren and i also got the loom to go with it
they can keep your ups obsessed child busy for hours . wish the back door opened , but it's still a neat little toy that my son loves .
was thrilled to finally get optuimus with the trailer for my collection . pleased all around and picked it up at the comic con .
its the life game . it's a classic . what more can i say . if you don't like these type of games something is wrong with you ! lol
i bought this for my sister who is a huge fan of the show , but she already had one so she gave it to my grandsons .
i think this is the cutest lalaloopsy doll . i just love her little dress and the fact that she is a candy stripier .
i purchased this for our grandson , but was disappointed with it . i didn't like the size of it nor some of the sounds .
these hangers are great to keep american girl doll clothes organized and tidy ! they fit in a regular closet , and are decently sturdy .
i was told that these " babies " were posable.they are not ! ! the set is cute , but not what i wanted
added to my grandsons collection . he has them all over his room . he loves them and wants more . you need to purchase the zipbin also .
these were purchase to use with the matching race track my three year old loves them and plays with them often these were a nice addition to the race track
great fun for the price ! you can never go wrong with melissa & doug products ! my grandson is going to love this !
i love glow sticks , and lumistick is a great brand ! these are bright and long lasting , and look great flying through the night air !
my daughter loves these little guys . they interact with the full sized fijits and she gets so excited for it .
great little cars the only solar car great product from a great seller i had bought one before and i bought 3 more a great product
these were a great buy . bought them for a 3 and 4 year old . none of the stored had them with the bonus charger
saw jeff bridges on jimmy kimmel demonstrate pass the pigs . had to have it . bought more than one set , to gift to family members .
my grandsons loved the bump'n chuck bumper cars . quick shipper . no problems with product . i highly recommend these little cars .
my 15 month twins love this tunnel . they giggle and chase each other in it every day . definately would recommend this toy .
my daughter loves this series of legos ! ! its wonderful to finally have a lego set that is intended for girls ! !
i bought this pony as a present for my soon to be four year old granddaughter . she requested it . she will love it .
my son has several of the big ones , but he also loves the small ones . he takes them apart and changes them around .
durable . my son plays with everytime he takes a bath . still has plenty of suction . great if your child like thomas
it is another legos set so you can expect high price for some plastic blocks but at least this one comes with 3 different designs .
i purchased this for my sons first birthday in september . i am using it as a table decoration . it is vey cute and high quality .
this was for my 4 yr old son , he loves that its reading without mommy and daddy reading to him .
simple car set to mix and match to build more alternative models ... may like to add more bricks to it to create more stuff :)
this doll was beautiful . i bought it for one granddaughter and another one begged me for it . it was exactly as pictured
this set has vibrant colors and is made of wonderful material . i would recommend this as a beginner's bowling set for all toddlers .
my grand-daughter loves being able to change her doll while mommy changes her new brother . the set is sturdy is very pretty .
my child could not wait to get this doll . it is very cute and is made well like all the others .
we play dominoes a lot with grandkids , and the train markers are enjoyed by all of us . nice bright colors and are veryu well made .
just as described and very cool with its detachable diamond helmet and sword . cool for decorating or play . simply nice
we've had it a couple weeks . no problems so far , but it just seems cheaply made . it erases very fast and easy .
love mudpuppy puzzles . very cute puzzles , great for younger kids . my daughter is 4 and can do this independently . would buy again .
ecstatic reviews from my 3 year old nephew ! his mom says it is large and sturdy with lots of play potential .
santa brought this for our 5 yr old son . have to use it on the carpet or outside , not too safe on the kitchen tile .
my grandson loved it ! great for younger kids . my 6 yr . old grandson was very happy with it ! great toy !
the voice changer is a big hit with our 9 year old boy . kind of driving the folks nuts but heis having a ball !
we have played with this over and over . it is fun for a few people or lots of folks .
thought it would go over so well but kids didn't seem too interested ! will send them to other grandkids . thanks
wish he had a shirt (: ) ) but otherwise a wonderful doll for our twilight collection . can't have vampires without werewolves !
this reading system is a great idea . it provides successful , eduational learning experiences for young kids ready to learn independently .
i have watched a 2 yr old grow with this toy and she still loves it as she figures it out more and more .
these battery-powered engines perform pretty well on the flat . they can pull up little hills too , but they sometimes need a little help .
i llike my oscar the grouch . i would have made him so he could hide in the can and pop out but i didn't make him .
you can take it anywhere . view videos , play games . i do recommend this to everyone .
very well made . my grand daughter just enjoys it a lot.keep her occupied a lot . i am glad i bought this toy for her .
very happy granddaughter she put them on right away andwas very pleased with them you never have enough clothes
all sesame street items can put a smile on our youngsters - this one seems to have made my nephew's day !
my son has not liked this product since the day i bought it.it seems pretty pointless and does nothing to keep his attention.it hasn't been touched in months .
i love a great game that is unique and different than the rest.quick and easy to learn with advanced play that will challenge all hard core gamers .
my grandkids are not enjoying this as much as i was hoping for , seem it doesn't blow up large enough for them
made for some really nice christmas kids for a couple of kiddos ... at a very reasonable price . they really loved them .
i bought the set of 2 for my granddaughters american girl and madame alexander dolls . she uses them for her dolls and likes them .
along with the " take it & make it " book of activities this appeals to pre-teen as well as teens . great gift .
it's alright , but my 6 yr old broke it 5 minutes after having it . they just lay in the toy bin .
some of the cars don't work . very cheaply made . i will never by these cars again . i don't recommend buying them .
my granddaughter loved it , had issue with not getting it by her birthday but when the replacement finally came it was a winner .
beautiful , intense colors . pieces are so durable and easy to handle . strong , great quality . our grand kids will enjoy these for years to come .
looks just as cute in person . it is durable and stands up to toddlers . love the large knobs - great for even very young toddlers .
very nice addition to my granddaughters collection . i would recommend this to any monster high collector . exactly what i expected .
very satisfied with my purchase and the quality of the toy . bought for my grandchildren to enjoy the jack-in-the-box as i did when a child .
very cool gadget to play around with . the interaction with sound feature is neat . something to show off to young children
it is so hard to find just a " set " of legos that do not build a specific item . this is a great beginner set .
i passed these and the yomega brain out to as many friends i could afford to and they all loved it .
cute tool set ! was a little big for my 2 year old grandson , but thinking this summer will work out well !
my grand daughter loves her new leap frog . this game is helping her to learn . she loves the characters that teach her .
sound quaity is really bad and my daughter did not use this item at all because she couldn't hear anything .
the gund stuffed toys seem to be better quality than many others . this one is really soft and cute and a good size .
my son loved this at christmas - it was a great value , and arrived on time , and easy to assemble .
5,000 ? i don't think so . the lcd screen is much too small so it's difficult to keep a child's interest .
my grandson loved it and still plays with these after we added more to the collection . i great gift for any child .
you can switch languages by hitting the wrist . thanks to dora and this doll my kids are learning spanish .
bought item for my grandchildren ages 2 to 8 yrs . old . love that they do not roll off table when used by younger ones ,
this is a nice item to have . it does what it is supposed to do and there is not much more to it .
grandson loves this at age 14 months , and it's cuter than just a rocking horse . we are dog lovers , so it was a must .
these magnets are great fun and they do not require batteries . they are a great activity for persons of any age .
this is a good activity for our granddaughter to entertain herself as well as play with her brother . i liked the foam balls for safer play .
she loves it it is a little hard to set it up . it is a good way to do it but still a little hard to open it .
i purchased these for my 1 - yr old son . he love them and he still plays with them after two years !
preciosa ! ! ! a mi pequeña hija le encantan estas muñecas y para lanavidad le hemos pedido varias pues se ha portado muy bien durante todo el año .
bought for our 8 mth old and along with him enjoying it , our older boys seem to thoroughly enjoy it too . cute and durable .
when it bites it hurts . grandchildren alitte afraid of it . it is really fun to play though . maybe after awhile it won't be so hurtful
heavy duty items that will last ! the plastic ones got tore up after a few uses , so he got these for christmas .
this is really cute and my son loves it . i ended up buying four to use for birthday party gifts !
as nice and sturdy as melissa & doug , half the price . the kids love the whole set , me too.good purchase .
if you have a young one who like yo gabba gabba then this is a great toy . soft , durable and looks like plex .
really , when it comes to board games , i recommend checking out a review on a youtube channel . you can even watch some games being played .
this item was never used . my daughter-in-law did not put it on the " elf on the shelf " . she thought the skirt was enough .
my 19 month old loves this bus . he dances to the abc songs and the handle is perfect for scooting the bus around ! !
this kinda doesn't exactly fit all the pieces back in for it to close properly . but my daughter likes it . she loves her minnie !
good quality and one that she liked for the look of her doll . good to have options that don't cost an arm and a leg .
great game , easy to play , no drawbacks . well made , i don't know what else to say . a good family game
my five year old son want a locking diry , most are geared towards girls . this is perfect for him , durable cover .
i bought this for my granddaughter for easter , she loved it . its a great toy plus with all the compartments and book that's an added bonus .
got this for my daughter to keep her teeth in . she loves it and that it glows in the dark . too cute :)
nice price and good quality floaties ! they fit my 18 month old daughter well and are adjustable to her arm .
for the deal i got , this was a very big packaging and seems in the video to be sort of high tech .
my granddaughter really loves this series of dolls . they have a great story line and they have an excellent play value .
this activity was somewhat occupying for my six year old daughter . the latch came broke so she couldn't tie it close when she wanted to .
daenerys is my favorite character on the game of thrones series and i bought this one for our kids pop collection ... she was perfect !
i was intitally bummed because it's small but my 3 yr old loves it and boy is it squishy . i'm a gund fan .
i absolutely love all of the learning resources products ! these counting cookies are both education and fun to play with !
can't go wrong with arts and craft . nice winter day arts and craft or even a sick day .. great product and company
fast shipping and well packed in box ! my 17 month old niece loves this and plays with it every day even though she has numerous other educational toys !
my grandkids love these angry birds games . this is a christmas present , but i'm sure my grandson will love it !
tracks looks great in his updated look , he still retains his g1 design and is still a load of fun
i am pretty happy with this game . my 3 year old son loves toy story and it really makes the ixl much more fun .
i bought this for my 9 year old for her santa gift . she loves how soft she is and her pretty pink color .
very hard to make a tornado in this thing . you have to shake it a certain way or nothing happens .
this again was a gift to my 6 year old grandson on his birthday . he enjoys everything about animals . he really likes putting it together .
also got this set for my granddaughter . it is so much fun for her to cut the food . very educational , and fun too .
cute little puppy ! a welcome addition to any webkinz collection ! my girls think he cute and loveable ! fun to watch them play with them !
this was easy enough for my four year old nephew to play with . he loves chasing his sister around the house
i purchased this outfit for my daughter's american girl doll . very good quality , just like the ones made from ag , at a great price !
you can never have too many ugly dolls.trunko is a wonderful color and a wonderful design.run , don't walk to have trunko in your toy box .
every thomas train set that i've ever gotten has been a great blessing ! the grandchildren absolutely love them , and they hold up amazingly well ! ! !
i / my children love these so much i bought a second one the 1st one after 2.5 years the light went out .
my little ones love emily . train is well made and i would recommend this as part of your thomas collection .
my grandson loves legos and he especially like the legos from a movie he has seen and . . . likes
this is just the best no battery toy to buy . it is fun to listen to my grandsons creat their own songs .
never thought that i would see a dry bones plush . but my son found it online and we had to get it . it is great .
my daughter loved cupid doll , it is a very nice doll . recommended for all the monster high's fanatic girls ! :)
this is okay , but it would have been nicer if it were a little larger . colors were vibrant and sturdy .
this doll was a gift for a monster high fan . the doll was super cute and absolutely loved . pink and black goes nicely on this doll .
item is just as described with no complaints . this gun is very easy to cock unlike some of the bigger guns for smaller girls .
paid too much for this . similar item at craft stores for ten dollars . zipper isn't very good , either . not horrible , though .
every time we use these i end up with marks on the end of my nose from bad aim . i do so love to smell them all .
wow . these are sturdy and durable . they are easy for young hands to maneuver making them proud to help garden .
an awesome game that the whole family can enjoy ! extremely well made with a concept that is easy to learn but hard to master ! !
my grandson happy is very happy with this item , it was a success at the party . was what i expected
nice looking , quality little woodstock . if you squeeze him he plays the charlie brown song . my daughter loves this thing .
i got this for my grandson ... he loves the color and sounds ... buttons to push and solid pages for his chubby fingers to turn ... love it
my kids love these . makes bath time fun ! cheaper than what i find in most stores . although the red is more like a pink .
this was a gift for a young boy and it was a smashing success . he loves playing with this track .
nice little coat and well made . it was a gift and it fit the american girl doll very well . it it nice .
this doll is so gorgeous , i want to keep her myself instead of giving her to the kids . love the snakes in her hair .
my great nephew ( 4 ) loves anything with dinosaurs , so this was a huge hit ! ! ! couldn't get it out of the box fast enough !
reasonably challenging puzzle which allows you to convert word problems into visual representations and the proper semantic order representation and orientation .
i bought these cups for my daycare and they are good but little hard to open . it is a good price though .
this has to be the most comfortable float ever ! once this one is worn out , i will buy another and another . you won't regret this purchase .
my grandson really likes construction vehicles andreally loved this one . it was fairly easy to constructand was even greater that it made 3 different vehicles .
just the very special doll for a 4 year old to sing and play with . easy to change back and forth too .
my son got this for his 10th birthday and he loves it , we love it and everyone who plays it loves it ! i would highly recommend this toy
made a very nice gift for my granddaughter who really loves unicorns . nice size , pretty colors goes well on her bedroom furniture .
gave it as a gift to a child . i hope he liked it to play with other children or by himself .
i bought this for one of my nephews for christmas because it was something he really wanted . he loves it , he's happy , so am i =)
i bought this windchime kit for my daughter . she loves being creative and putting things together . this was a great product to get .
i got this for my grand daughter and she love anything doc mcstuffins . she call me and went on about this present .
this was a big hit with my grandson . received in great condition and a neat idea . overall a great purchase .
the expansion packs just keep getting better and better each time we open them ! if you start to get sick of the other two definitely try this out !
these are so cute great for the boys . no batteries just really cute . would recommend these for toddler boys they are small
our two boys love it , now they have plenty of heroes to share . great from bath time to backyard play .
not much to say ... it's a large square to build lego projects on . definitely a must for any child with legos .
my son loves every day he play with this toy all the time ! great product , water proof , and funny toy .
they're all cute but don't stay on very well even when painting clear old polish over them - maybe use at a little girl party just for fun
my 4 year old is a huge jake and the neverland pirates fan . he absolutely loved this hook battle boat and spends hours battling hook against bucky .
my boys play it all the time . they love to make videos . i have to clear them out occassionally for space .
great concept , great product and good quality cards . entire family loved it we played this most out of 10 xmas gifts .
blocks are the essential child toy . they enforce imagination use and team work . i love mega blocks because of their large size and value .
my daughter loves this ! she is a huge minecraft fan and she loves being able have a " diamond " necklace .
i really like this game as much or even more than bang ! i am definitely looking forward to any sequels they come out with .
my son absolutely loved this pack of 9 cars ... the set is a great collection of real looking vehicles . very nice collection .
my daughter loved the colors , the prettiness , i think the wings could have been a tad more sturdy , but good standing up to three kids
as all the other thomas trains this one is well made . sturdy and i know my little nephew will just love adding it to his collection .
these cups are durable and adorable . they were a hit at my son's second birthday party . little tough to wash .
my grandson is really into star wars legos so i think he will like this . he especially likes the figures included .
when you have kids , you have mr potato head ; the kids all love mr potato head just as much as we did when we were young .
excellent quality and i like the bigger size compared to the 6 or 8 inches you normally find . great for a smaller child .
i bought this tube for a friend of mine who is cat-crazy . she about flipped when she saw it . she really , really loved it .
gave this to our grandson for his birthday . he has such a wonderful imagination and he just loved it . played for hours .
this was a great gift for my 5 - year-old and 6 - year-old nieces ! they loved the paint ! i have all the artwork to prove it .
my nieces love their sticker books and use them for quiet time while mommy is making dinner . great that stickers are useable over and over .
i bought these bowls to go with the mini motors counters which are the same colors . nothing special about these bowls except they match the counters .
this is perfect , works perfectly . i recommend it for anyone who wants a moving train . it goes slower than the trackmaster ones , though .
i'm so evil , that is the only way i can explain why i love this game so very very much .
my daughter loves this t-ball set ( she's 3 ) . has a great time playing with it although we typically use a softer ball .
my son adores legos and he plays with these incessantly . lots of little pieces ( of course ! ) but that adds to the fun ! highly recommended !
this is hilarious and is a great way to add new life into the game after you've played it alot .
and yes these are washable - like it says . it has a nice texture and easy for those inexperienced toddlers to use !
both my grand daughters loved putting these together and taking them apart and doing it again . they love anna and elsa .
george is cute on television and as a puzzle . how can you go wrong with a cute little curious monkey ... especially george ! highly recommended ! ! !
granddaughter loved it . it was what she requested as her gift . no problems with it working or not.good purchase .
so far it's fine . bought this for my 7 year old grandson . i'm sure he will love it as he does all his lego pieces .
these are really nice trains . they look good and work really well with the massive track set he got for christmas .
the disney sofia the first toys were so cute . they are soft plastic and colorful . my grandchildren enjoyed playing with them on their last visit .
all the joys of a bouncey ball with hello kitty ! ! tires a little one right out and has held up to outside sidewalk use !
a great " new game " , it wasn't stale and we had fun playing it . new people loved it too . buy it !
this scooter and helmet fits ag doll - construction relatively sturdy , easy to assemble . arrived in timely fashion - colors are accurate
bought along with the stomp rocket toy as a gift . child seemed very excited about having extra rockets to send soaring .
grandkids love it . good quality . will make it thru all the kids and then some . would buy it again . great gift too
another great friend of thomas and a great addition for my 2 year old grandson for his thomas train set , best prices are on amazon .
okay , this was an all time hit , they kids can play with this for hours and hours and hours , all day long .
love this case by vtech . product was shipped promptly . i would definitely buy this if i had the chance to do it all over again .
we use this thing every day . it takes a beating and has held up to both my kids kicking at it and around it all summer .
our 10 year old loves this kitty ! it is well made and very soft ! the face is wonderful ! she highly recommends it !
bought this for my 3 year old / it is a little short , but good if she kneels.does not take up a ton of space either.good value
we love little tikes . my grandson loves it . we love the security of it the swing . it is a perfect fit .
i ordered this for our 2 year old grandaughter and she loved it ! she loved to cuddle with it and watch us make it talk .
water really does not really splash out of holes-more like it dribbles out . fun for about one day then in the trash .
it took no time to put together , but my son is an avid lego and megablock constructor and seems to really like this set .
i bought it for my love , wants to paste it on the wall later to make the room more childish for her .
super cute and well made . my son has a few melissa and doug puzzles , i just love them . i have been happy with each purchase .
i liked putting these in my fish tank as a decoration . they held up fine . they are pretty strong . i think the plastic is thick .
my 5 year old has been using this for the last year . used with the canvas cover deal and together they are indestructible .
emily is my son's favorite train . we have a ton of thomas trains but this one is definitely a favorite .
not sure why i even thought this would be a good purchase . it is was less work to tie the balloons the ' old fashioned ' way .
yay , a boy doll to add to barbie's friends so little brother can play with big sister and give me the occasional break !
they were so cute . they will look so good on her american doll . was a great deal and worth the money
a necessity with the logger truck . three logs weren't enough for my guy . he loves lifting the logs on and off the truck with the lifter .
i wanted a wooden set of pots and pans for my grand babies imaginary play instead of chemically made plastic toys . this fit the bill perfectly .
gave this to my 4 year old granddaughter and she loved it . dogs are small but very cute and she can easily carry it wherever she goes .
this is the best educational game i have see in a long time . my grandkids love this .
not much else to add , except my son loves it ! we bought it for the 2013 holidays and it has held up well with constant playing .
the fork and spoon set is well made . this was a present for my grand son and he loves it , and thats all that counts .
gordon is a quality toy . my son loves it . the wheels are different than i expected . i recommend this to anyone who likes thomas and friends .
my baby loves this toy ! she loves to mouth it and roll it around-would definitely recommend for babies who are starting to grab toys .
this was included in a group of gifts to give to a foster child and sure she'll like it - music is cute
bought this for my grandbaby . easy and uncomplicated just 3 pieces but nice . baby loves the mirror in second pan . glad i bought it .
bought 2 of these for 5 and 3 year old grandsons to go with innotab 2s games for christmas . great educational games .
very colorful and durable . i gave it to my great neice for christmas and she loves her barbies . she plays with them all the time .
would have been 5 star , but too pricey . i liked the combo of light and dark skinned little people . they are a great addition for the castle
good price and fun animals that allow the kids to use their imagination to create fun stories . i hope they use them ! ! !
love this little baby doll i bought for my granddaughter . recommend highly . would buy again for someone else as a gift . pleased . thanks .
cute set . cheaper than the big box places . my 8 yo had it out together quickly and moved on to the next movie set
kids of all ages give this toy attention , babies really love it , durable too we've had it a few years
fits our regular wooden train tracks perfectly.great addition to our set , the boys love building biiiiiiiiig train tracks now !
had one as a kid , now my kids can use it , no batteries and silent in the cargreat . easy to share
this toy is absolutely incredible . the technology for toys today are mind blowing . this toy was definitely a great purchase .
not the easiest jack in the box i have used . the monkey is cute , my daughter just smiles . i would try another one before this ,
i purchased this action figure for my grandson to go along with the other teenage mutant ninja turtle set . he loves it . i would recommend this toy .
item is exactly as described . heavy duty and works well . will see how plastic hold up in weather over time . definitely would recommend .
my son just loves his soft doll , and enjoys listening to his phrases & the 5 song clips it plays . great price & quality !
improved over the original furby with computer chip for more learning , languages & training . able to body scan with tablet for health improvements .
i bought this for my grandson for christimas and he loves it . it is true to color and size . recommend
bought this as a gift for a walking dead fan . whom i know will love it . great price and remarkable detail
my daughter fell in love with this doll the minute she saw it . it's truly very pretty and the pony matches its beautyfulness .
fits thomas and friends trains ... better price than the thomas brand . great quality . dull edges . perfect for toddlers ! would buy again .
these books are really great for the kids . the colors are vibrant and the stories are sweet . the kids always seem to enjoy them .
my oldest has all the dolls and now my youngest wants them all too so no worries there will be more purchased
this is a very cool collectible . i'm very happy with the look of the figure and it is very durable .
any little girl can feel like a princess with this precious little necklace . very delicate and pretty in pink ! ! ! good purchase for many .
this game too cute ; full of fun learning.my 4 year old loves it ! this game will come in handy while i am driving to and from work !
i ordered these shoes to go with the matching outfits i purchased . they do match and are very cute items .
i like the way these were packaged according to sizes . it was helpful for my grandchildren to have access to them in an orderly fashion .
my niece loves these sketch pads . they are always my fall back gift for her . great for any fashionista or designer in the family !
my granddaughter loved putting together from her december birthday.makes a great gift for smaller children so they can learn to play with lego's
my grandson is a lego fan . these are a perfect extra gift . the kids will love you for buying these .
i like this alternative to the traditional jack-in-the-box . it is soft and fluffy and a great favorite of my baby .
although this was expensive for such a small toy , it is very hard to find in stores , good purchase for young one .
great addition to building a city for the grandkids to play . building things is good but also having working people is good .
not good at all . won't fly or drive along the ground well at all . would work better if you picked it up and threw it .
oh yea mommy is so in love with this since my son sits queitly in the car drawing on his tablet
i thought the bucket opened with other choices to play with . it did not . this toy was very basic and boring .
these are very nicely made ... not the same quality as a party city store . ordered many as my son had a science birthday party .
a little annoying to put together but its sturdy and as described . my 3yr old loves it ! i recommend ! it's worth it !
these pointers are a great buy . my daughter loves to use them with her alphabet and number charts . she likes having a color choice !
i bought this when my grandson was 11 months old for christmas . everything from melissa and doug seems to be high quality . very happy ...
good , my daughter liked it but it breaks easily on little overtighting the bolts , alos not very sturdy ( i mean the structure keep following ) .
great quality cars , stays true to the hot wheels brand ! would order more but i'm worried i would get the same cars again ! !
my daughters get frustrated because the shoes don't fit well on their barbies feet , but they still love them . it's really a great deal for the price .
nice quality set . love the wood . daughter put it in her doll house with her other dogs . keep away from real little ones , small parts
my 5 year old grandson loves his new fireman hat , it is a great color plus feels sturdy and i'm hoping it will be around for a long while
my daughter collects all of the large safari plush animals from melissa and doug . she gets one every christmas . this is by far her favorite !
love how this teaches little ones animal sounds and helps them learn at a faster pace . love this item a lot
just what we ordered . my son loves legos and this set is fun . all kinds of things to make in the little book that comes with set .
this was a christmas gift to a grand child , it was played with for an hour . but now it just sits in the corner like most toys .
this is a great buy for the money if you are looking for props for the new movie.playmates did a better than average job this time .
purchased for my 4 year old son to go with his thomas the train wooden set . fits perfectly . a great addition at a good price !
this game gets you thing creatively . it lots of fun to play with family and friends . easy to play right out of box .
very good product , made of real wood , very strong and connects perfectly with the thomas track sets . we love it .
i haven't given this to my dd yet because she is still too young , but i am sure she will love it when the time comes .
my daughter got this stuffed animal as a christmas present . it is extremely high quality and very soft , cute , and lovable !
$ 29.99 everywhere else . my son is going to love it when i give it to him for christmas . yes he will .
makes play dough more fun--lots of ways to use them and have fun with creativity good buy durable and easy for toddlers
it fits just right easy to put on leappad 2 and look to be very strong . it also met all my expectations
everything we asked for . it really enhanced settlers of catan . it was cheap and well worth buying , you will love it .
a gift of surprises and enjoyment and great addition with the others , to play for along period of time , and fulfillment for action boy .
i forgot to get my daughter some dished for her new kicthen set and these came at a great price and they were rather large but she liked them .
these are to be gifts for my great-niece . she is a big barbie fan and i am sure she'll love these .
bought for my granddaughter and my daughter says she loves it and play with it in the bath every time . amazon has the best bath toys .
my granddaughter picked it out for her american girl doll - it is wrapped and under tree for christmas , hope she likes it ! !
cool but has difficulties getting it to work , and so trying to figure it out and work out all the kinks .
says for ages 4 + but i don't believe there are very many kids under the age of 7 that can complete this .
this is such a cute little penguin ! he's tiny but he makes up for it with cuteness and being so incredibly soft !
granddaughter loves playing with makeup and this is no exception . can create various faces and she has told me this is a favorite item of hers .
he loves it , i'm amazed at the different ways he uses this .. he's even used if as a sword , lol
great candles , my 5 year old loved . nothing too special about them they're just candles . they did what they were supposed to do .
this barbie fashionista ultimate closet was a great holiday gift for my granddaughter and she is able to store the additional accessories i purchased on amazon .
my son is 6 and loves to make up stories , so this is a great way to get him to hurry up and get ready for bed !
my nephew loves batman and my sister asked me to buy this toy as a christmas present . i know he will be very happy
my 6 year old granddaughter loves playing games . matching games we play , she always comes out the winner . so i'm hoping she'll enjoy this christmas gift .
the game play is not bad , but the replay value may be quite limited partially due to the fairly small number of cards included in each deck .
this is a lovely and soft puppy . not too big , not too small , so size is good . also reasonably priced .
i added this to my granddaughter's monster high collection because her hair is beautiful and so is her outfit . she should be a popular doll .
the smile on my graddaughter's face told me all i needed to know . this dress was definitely a great success .
this sheet of magnets made an 8 year old very happy . he has spent hours arranging and rearranging them on the fridge .
5 year old grandson liked this , only two parts to assemble , the walking stick and tail . colorful and appears to be sturdy .
know my grandkids will enjoy this to go with their collection of planes . it adds to the experience of imagination
for you to enjoy the small , like a lot of these toys will last much hope that at least more than others :)
i thing this monster high doll is the best one yet . she is very original and is a wonderful addition to any mh collection
how can you not enjoy playing with a pail this cute . my little grandkids just love it and help me garden with it .
my daughter picked this out for a friends birthday party and the little girl who we gave this to loves it
i now have several sheets of art work from my 3 year old grandson , it is very fun and entertaining .
my daughter loves this toy . it also helped her when she was learning to walk . she loves collecting things and putting them in the basket .
this car is so cute . took about an hour and a half to put together but is solidly made and directions were easy to follow .
this didnt work well for use in the car but i stuck it to a door and it works great or even a book
this was a christmas gift for grandson he was very excited as he has train tracks this complimented and worked with his set .
product is exactly as described---my 3 year old son loves playing and building with these blocks . of course , the best part is knocking the towers down .
i got this for my 6 year old son , but it was way too complex for him . perhaps 8-10 would be a better target range .
these were nice . good quality . great for play and learning . i would recommend them . i always like the safari ltd brand toobs .
i was very disappointed that this doll would not speak . i bought the movie also because of the reviews . so i cannot truly rate them
great large xmas gift . shipped fast and very neatly packaged . son loves this item and i was very satisfied with it also ...
pretty colors together , i am very happy with the quality of these dice . they are my go-to dice when we play dnd . i would recommend .
the velcro is holding up great . it does not seem to be cheaply made . i am very happy with this and the girls love playing with it .
expected more out of this product . its cute but literally got played with twice . my son wasnt impressed at 2/3 years old .
my kids like this toy and play with it a lot.it is a sturdy and well made toy.we got it for christmas and it's held up well .
they're cute ! their little arms move . their heads rotate ( except o ) . they're just little figurines that kids can add to their playtime .
the kids loved these and the dog didn't mind when they balanced them on her nose . they were a lot of fun .
ordered as gift for 4 year old grand daughter , her request as gift . she loves it . i'm happy that she's happy .
the puppet is colorful and soft and the children can fit their hands into it easily as well as adults .
these are gifts for birthdays throughout the year . they all love legos and play with them daily . i will not distribute until their birthday .
my little granddaughter has to have everything pink . she loved these legos and wants more . they art avid on time and in great shape .
i wish it was a little bigger than it is , it seems to be smaller than i thought when we blow it up
i bought it for my daughter who recently discovered harry potter . very cute . appears to be well-made . nice size . buy it .
my great granddaughter lovers this she can play inside or outside and it is a girl toys . she has mostly boy toys outside .
you are able to make your own cars and race them on the ground and you can max and mach parts .
my son is in love with the whole digging dinosaur bones up so this is a nice way for him to experience it
this is a great toy with so many things to keep a toddler busy . our granddaughter took to it right away .
it's finger paint paper - what else can you say ? item as described . shipped quickly . good , shiny paper - great for its intended use .
this toy met my grandchild " s needs ! she loves it ! it is made of wood and cloth and will last for years !
i enjoy this type of miniature figure . great for the lego and minecraft fans alike . i received promptly and as described .
got this for my 9 year old nephew's birthday and he loved it . it worked great and he could fly it himself . success .
granddaughter played this for hours . the only thing i say about the product is it is very small and easy to lose if they take it out .
niece and nephew love it , nothing fancy but does the trick on a hot day for a 4 & 2 year old .
outfits are easy to put on and looks good on the doll . i look forward to buying more quality clothes for the grandkids . thanks
little jacket is feminine , well made and totally suited to the american girl image.it delighted the sweet gift recipient who is evidently into high fashion !
another great chugginton piece , i wish the different color eyes were a little more noticeable , but i suppose at this scale that's hard to do .
way too much money . chilly is so small and not worth the money . i wouldn't buy them again . save your money !
does not work on any barbie that we have .. we have barbies from 1992 to present .. does not fit around the waist of any barbie
my kids like this . i was disappointed with the small lighthouse . i think it should be much taller . i only recommend this for dedicated thomas fans .
bought these as a gift . they had a good assortment and he was happy . i was too . good buy for the price .
we love all hexbug products . my 8 year old son loves to play with them . don't leave them out for small siblings ! !
love that these balls come with a basket . they have no odor and are just what we were looking for .
we have played rook for 69 years , but the cards are hard to find sometimes . we gave these to our grand children and they love to play .
my grandson plays with this all the time i would say it was quite a success ..
these are good quality and fit my son well . the guards stay put well in the socks , no issues , great .
this was a real hit with my grandson . he got a new table railway from santa and immediately wanted batteries so he could run it on the tracks .
my daughters loved this set . this was one of their favorite toys during the summer . great buy for kids of all ages that play in the sand .
a classic game that both the kids and adults can enjoy together . we all love playing this game , even my 4 yr old .
i bought this item for our toddler for an upcoming vacation . we have not used it yet but seems sturdy . not one of those flimsy plastic toys .
very cute game . my daughter loves it . she gets such a kick out of the bunnies falling through the holes . highly recommended .
awesome plate for building items on it . good quality from lego and it does it job . i recommend this to parents and their kids
son love sit and i love it too . it is well made n sturdy . very nice .
it's easy enough to do a temporary fix by squeezing the rails together but the wheel eventually falls through or gets stuck .
my daughter loves this lego . she can spend hours playing with this set . the animals are big and you can do so much with them .
these things are great , easy to throw and they fly extremely well , very easy for the kids to get the hang of throwing a football .
this was a christmas present for our daughter very happy with the purchase good quality and price . would buy again .
our five year old loves playing this game . we are all having a great time playing this classic from our own childhood . perfect for family game night !
lasted longer than i thought , easy to clean up even after my daughter painted by her hands , also good to teacher mixing colors .
see review on purple bag ! we own both blue and purple ! it's a fantastic buy and a must have for parents on the go !
flynn is a favorite with my grandson . he plays with it on and off the wooden railroad tracks . great fun !
very easy to put together & my 10 month old loves it ! the canopy is such a great feature . love it !
i bought this plush mickey for my 3 year old mickey mouse fan . it is soft , durable and easy to love .
my two year old loves it . i just wish it had a no skid base . when she tries to push the levers down it often goes sliding .
these were the perfect and fun tool to teach our toddler animal names . he likes to rearrange them on the refrigerator .
they are expensive yet the material easily gets stuck if another float is touching it so much that the material comes right off
the glitter is barely noticeable unless you do a really large area and stand back some . otherwise they are just regular sidewalk chalk sticks . kind of let-down .
my grandson really loves tthe thomas and friends railway dash and the jumping jobi wood he loves to play with this along with dash
i purchased this for our daughter as a christmas gift . she tends to enjoy arts and craft projects . i hope she likes it .
this game is the best game ever , it is apples to apples but raunchy and sassy . the perfect group game .
this package features toys from one particular episode of the octonauts tv show . the kelp opens up to trap the shark .
my son loves this toy ... i'm glad cause it was $ $ $ but he said it was worth it ... ;) home run
bought to go with dolls i gave as a gift ... it looks cute , i think she really loved it so much !
my grandson loves him . he even sleeps with him . he has found many hours of enjoyment with curious george monkey
* insert ass joke here * this game is fun and hilarious ! one of the better family games out right now ! love .
i used this for my daughter's b-day goodie bag and kids love it . specially 3yrs old who wanted to be a princess .
my granddaughter loves this game and now that i can set it up in a minute she likes it even more and she laughs when she plays it .
my granddaughter is going to love this doll . she collects monster high dolls and this one is awesome any preteen girl will love it .
continues to expand an already fun game without spoiling the fun possibilities . a worthy addition to the giggle fest . worth buying .
was looking for a large sofia the first balloon for my daughter's third birthday party . this was perfect . my daughter loves it so i'm happy !
rides well , great storage , aat least 3 toys in one . my grandson loves this one.fisher price is a great toy maker for young children
this is a great item for any transformers collector . wreck-gar has amazing detailing , an innovative transformation and also great colors .
christmas gift for my 8 yrs daughter and she absolutely loves it ! ! she plays with it every time she's with me ... unless it's on the shelf .
perfet gift for a brave kids , it is hard and easy to use as all lego products . i am very proud on buy it .
my son loves his numbers and he ’ s only two so when i pull these out , he can ’ t help but have fun counting .
my grandson is really enjoying this toy . it is safe and keeps his interest for hours . i recommend purchasing for toddlers .
she loves it when i play with it with her and show it to her .
all three of my kids love shrinky dinks and this set was one of their all time faves . perfect activity for horse loving kids .
this was a gift for a 2 year old boy i know and i think that it was very cute !
my son is only a couple of weeks old . he doesn't focus on much , but he does stare at this aquarium to my surprise .
we play this game with our 5 year old , using addition and subtraction only . he loves it ! it is a good way to make learning fun .
great buy ! our daughter loved it . definitely worth the price since it includes furniture ! would recommend for all mh fans !
it's just as it looks on the page . it's a quality product besides a fashion one . my nice loved it ! ! .
he was a real good toy . fun to play with . easy to transform . came on time . good service i would recommend
my daughter is obsessed with hello kitty and she loved this little surprise ! they work well and are exactly what is pictured , no more , no less .
this cute monster bowling set is great for toddlers . my 2 year old loves to set up the pins and knock them down .
the live animal must looks like this figure on it's time . i should have the moveable jaw like the others figures , but it's really good !
love the green toys . this cooking set has now replaced all the other cheap kitchen things we had before . great stuff .
this is a birthday gift for my 9 yr old granddaughter . it is well made and i know she will love it .
kid loved them for a stocking stuffer last xmas will use them again next year for the same thing and as gifts for little kids t
this works fine and is educational . it's a lot smaller than any i've ever seen but it doesn't affect its use .
another successful lego purchase-this lighthouse actually lights up . it is so very cool and my 11 year old totally loved putting it together !
she has not stopped playing with it . get generic castle people you will not regret the hours of play . the imagination that goes into the play is great
granddaughter loved it . wanted it for christmas . collects all types of webkinz . will get her 1-2 towards valentine gift . if she's happy , i'm happy
they are a great buy . my daughter plays with these several times a day . they are well made and are so durable
got this as a birthday present for a 4yo . seems nice . not to complex but could provide a lot of fun .
small , but fun . my daughter wanted things to fiddle with basically and this works . no problems yet , but just got it .
my granddaughters loved it and many other friends legos . it's about time they realized it wasn't only boys who like to build .
grand daughter was delighted to get these camo bands . now she can really make her own design using the camo variation colors
didn't send what the picture showed . not what i expected . surprised it was in a plastic zip lock type of bag
watch out , granddaughter ! i want one of these for myself ! : ) wanna race with your granny to see who wins it ? : )
this doll was her moct favorite gift this year for christmas , she also received bella to go with him .
dominion is an excellent game that is a mainstay in our gaming group . the strategy , quick games and endless combinations keep us coming back to it .
we are very happy with the quality of this set . it looks great , and my 3.5 yr old and i have a great time with it .
if your child has a leappad , you know how much it eats battereis , this thing pays for itself in about a week , a must have .
my girls love this on their dolls and i love that it's made well ! it fits their american girl dolls perfectly !
perfect to keep in my purse when i need to entertain my daughter . lots of fun for all . i even enjoy playing .
these are the ones all the kids reach for when we're coloring - much softer and much better color than typical long , thin colored pencils .
great little cooking set for children from about 1 and up - our kiddos are from 2 to 5 and they love it !
again love this , like the others . my four age son love doing the jigsaw puzzles and we have different ones from this brand . good quality .
my son loves this zebra and bounces on it continuously . the only negative thing is that it is not for tall toddlers , it's too short .
my two little nieces love this ! and i will definitely buy one for my little girl , when she's old enough !
my girls have loved this . it seems sturdy and as long as you don't play with it in the trees , should last for quite a while . :)
good quality materials . good size for a child 2 - 7 years old , and might be handy for adult use in a tight space .
your child won't use it around the house but you'll wish you had it when you travel . a good investment to protect the leappad .
i love the animals by aurora - all of them are super soft and well made ! worth the money spent
how can your little one not love these ? i also bought the race track that goes with them . my grandson plays for hours with it .
i purchased these items for our preschool . after several weeks , the bottles have held up well , and the children enjoy " feeding " their babies .
this snow is better for younger kids . my 11 and 13 year old were not excited . plus , they see a lot of real snow in the winter
our grandson has other cars but we think he is going to get a kick out of this one . how can you resist those eyes .
my grandson wanted this character for a long time ! it has provided hours of fun ! it is great for his imagination !
my grand daughter has had so much fun with this i will be buying other sets , these are great for any kid that likes stickers
purchased as a gift for my husband and it has become the hit of all our get togethers with family and friends.shut the box with a fun twist !
beautiful quality--sturdy , and will last for years and years . we love ravensburger puzzles , as they last for years to come .
it was a must have on the christmas list . she loves it . it was an addition to all of her other monster high dolls .
it looks promising in the package but i really wouldn't suggest it is only way to stand is by folding is tail
we bought both the skin and the case and they work perfectly together ! well worth the cost to protect my son's leappad 2 power .
we bought these as party favors for the under 4 crowd and everyone seemed to love them ! from 12 months to 4 yrs old . great find .
i had ticket to ride united states i love the game so much i expanded by buy the europe version
this is great for teaching abc's for two year olds and up . my grandson loves caillou so it's more fun to learn
this is a nice gift overall but comes apart too often for me . especially when other children are visiting my house .
great learning tool for your child , i know because i purchase it for my great newphew and my sister tells me he is doing great with it .
my great-nieces really seemed to love this doll ! i was very happy i found one they didn't already own , lol
great product exactly as described ! ! bought for a lover of legos and marvel comics so this was an excellent addition to the stuff he had
the whole family loves this game , but the hubby and i are addicted . so much strategy . always a different game . very cool .
my sister wanted me to order this for her grandson and they both loved it . it is small but then it is a miniature .
this is so perfect for my granddaughter . she moves it around , rearranging the rooms as her mood dictates . it is very well built .
my son loves the red wheels , and i think it looks cool also . but he hasn't been playing with it much .
my neice was very happy with the walking dead merle figure . she is a very big fan of the waking dead series .
bought this for my boys 4 and 2 . they love playing with it . so does there older brother who's 11 :)
this is for my boys from santa . it came quick and on schedule . i'm excited to put it up and see how it is ! very pleased !
my grandson has been into dinosaurs since very litte . he loves this set and is always playing with it . we highly recommend it to all .
this doll is very beautiful ! despite the fact that i am more of monster high , cerise in my collection took pride of place
this knight was a good addition to my grandson's imaginex castle accoutrements.he loves the castle group of toys and plays with them for hours .
these are nice balloons . i had to buy a little hand pump to blow these up . the kids love them . thx .
i was so excited to find this guy ! he is older than what i expected , but it doesn't matter . great price and great product !
my toddler son really likes this . it was easy to put together and has held up since last christmas ! fun toy
really cool inexpensive toy the screen is a little computer and when it's the dino it roars and says things same as when its the car it changes its phrases
we bought this case for my 6 year old son and his leapster . it works well in protecting the gaming system and a couple games .
this keeps my 23 month old entertained for hours ! i've found myself picking up his toy room less because he's so focused on just this toy .
my son , and everyone else loves this game.hours and hours of howling laughter.cah is very cool.we will continue buying expansions and special packs .
this is the perfect set for any little girl . the dishes are sturdy and colorful and wonderful . my 6 - year old loves the set .
my son loves this tool . i'm teaching him how to measure stuff & it's easy for him to use . it rolls up & pulls out easily .
this is such a fund family game ! we all play this game from time to time and everyone enjoys them self !
the children love playing with this . i just wish i could afford to put a set in every classroom . they are beautiful and durable .
easy to learn and easy to play . recommended for intergenerational gatherings . it is a reminder of simpler days--no batteries required .
my 4 year old is really into toy story 1 right now . plays with her older sisters buz so the will love this bullseye to go with him !
bought for christmas gift for my nephews . they are going to have lots of fun these little cars . i know i did when i was a child .
very durable , classic , easy to assemble . we will keep this forever , it also looks nice in a play or bedroom
kids loved it . they thought it was a toy and yet they were learning . some of the smaller states were a bit difficult to remove for them
lots of different boy pictures , quality you come to expect with melissa and doug . great for the boy who loves to color .
hilarious when playing group games . i highly recommend it especially in a classroom environment where you want to maximize interaction among students .
good size and stays upright ! the kids have a good time with it . its been 6 weeks and they haven't popped it yet ; so good buy .
great product ! santa got this for my daughter for christmas and she loves it ! it's really cool in the dark .
my kids were given this as a gift for christmas and already have 3 broken doors . the wood splintered at the hinges . my oldest is very disappointed .
this is great to take to dinner with little kids . teaches them numbers and fun with the magnet ' dots'highly recommend
product as described . love that it only works on this paper , and only with water . makes no messes . keeps kids entertained in the car .
my baby girl has had a ton of fun with this toy . she and i both love it . it's fantastic .
just what he wanted santa to bring . trailer is difficult to open and back won't open without the trailer open
my 6 year old son loves this . as a mom i wished the light saber was permanently stuck to his hand . i'm tired of searching for it .
my granddaughter really needed this . all of her babies are in one place and her mother loved it too ! arrived very quickly .
needed this figure to complete my collection and couldn't seem to find them anywhere in stores . great quality as well .
granddaughter asked for it - was the " in " thing that went " out " pretty fast
a package of well made darts for your nerf , that's it :) not one problem spotted , just perfect as they can be
i purchased purchased these because the helicopter only comes with one of them and i felt that two would be make it more stable
one year old twins think this is so funny . they are just figuring out how to do it themselves . it really zips along over most flooring .
bought both the baby and the stroller . appeared to be well built . went together easy once i read instructions for my husband .
my son loves thomas the train . we bought him this set for his 3rd birthday . i like that they are metal and not cheap plastic .
what's not to love about a dog that captures their attention for hours and doesn't require food , training or cleaning up a mess ! ?
too big for the claw machine to pick up , which we originally bought the cars for , but still fun for the grand sons to have races together .
the customer service was very prompt and the bowls were excellent for what i have to you them for .
super cute collection . the metal rings with which you hook the charms onto the bracelet are a bit hard to close completely , but not a big deal .
the toys were really neat , and really interested my daughter in imaginative play . the delivery was quick , and we are overall happy with out purchase .
a little challenging to put together but my son loved it ( 10 years old ) and it has many features that make it fun !
i really like playing star wars x wing . this is a good support ship . hit and run keep moving with this ship .
this is definitely needed when purchasing a nerf gun ! there is not much to say about it . the more bullets the better .
this lock took some practice for my daughter to master , but she loves having her own diary with lock and key .
went together nicely , good price , its a hit for my 6 year old son . now he has gorillas in his chima collection !
i love all of the itikes products but this one is my daughters favorite . it also acts as a great case for the ipad .
all the other melissa & doug gardening toys are the right size for a toddler , but these gloves are adult-sized . don't get them for your toddler .
another great product from melissa & doug . my niece was playing with this pad as soon as she opened the package .
for my 19 - month old , this is an easy and fun puzzle . it wasn't too easy but just right and the puzzle pieces are adorable .
my grandson loves playing with this especially when his friends come over . made real well and will last many years
this item has a great tone . our grand daughter loves it , and has learned many songs since we gave it to her .
my 2 yr old loves this toy . fun and entertaining . ball is a little heavier then expected but overall great toy .
my son used this at the beach and he had fun with it . the colors are bright and it is very durable ! i definitely recommend it .
this product does pretty much what it's supposed to . i thought there would be two of them but it came with 1 .
expensive and a little bit of a scam , with the mail in voucher for the caterpillars , plus $ 5 additional shipping charge . do not recommend .
this is a great addition to any track set and my nephew absolutely adored this ! it's kept him busy for days !
we have been doing this for years and this year 2014 was just as great . its a tradition , everything arrived as promised
an enjoyable cooperative game . along the lines of pandemic , each firefighter has a expertise to help accomplish your goal of extinguishing all the flames
my daughter loves this ! our older kids enjoy using the ipad as is , and our youngest one loves to use the canvas !
this was purchased for my daughter for christmas and it arrived in a timely fashion and was a little cheaper here than in the stores .
i did not care for this toy but my grandson did so his vote is what counts . it is well made and functional for his usage .
a great colouring and activity book for children 3 years and older . there are several activities so the child should not get bored .
i would recommend this for children closer to age 1 than to age 2 . 2 yo's need something more challenging .
cheaply made , even for the cheap price . this thing barely twitched even outdoors in bright sunlight . disappointed , even for the price .
this doll is very well built its extremities are strong and seem very durable . it is well suited for young girls .
my grand daughter loved it and it came on time . good price on line and it was nice to have it come right to my door !
my 5 month old really likes the different textures of each toy . she loves watching me put them in the bowl as well . great toy .
very good product and fun for kids to use to reduce stress , make designs and just for good old fun and creativity
if you were good at tetris as a kid you'll dominate this game . its easy to learn and quick to play .
excellent - - it's great to introduce my kids to this classic family game . nice and sturdy ! the kids love it !
i recommend this for any doll house as it allows for domestic duties that are involved in daily house care .
this is a little confusing because the carribean is included here and not all of those countries are predominantly latino
bought for my 2 year old great nephew & he plays with his while big brother plays with his lego's !
i ordered these balloons for a party and they arrived quickly . the quality is good too . the colors are true to picture .
not the best quality but who wants the best in everything ? kids will just play for few months , have fun & move on .
sturdy well made tools . my son loves them for his little kitchen . i would recommend these to any of my friends .
we read our daughter books every night and these make it easy and she can read them on her own if she wants .
if your daughter is into barbie , this one is a must ! she is beautiful and she sings . my daughter sings the song before bed each night .
the quality is , of course , excellent - the price beats any retail store's price . the game is fun , educational , and keeps your interest .
this is a cool figure . very detailed and a great likeness to anne hathaway . made of quality materials , good figure
granddaughters love these dolls and look forward to each new release--this one is colorful / cute / seems to be durable - and 11 yr old loves it
this game is a great value and loads of fun ! my grandkids love playing it . it is a very nice ct in the ht product
my 5 year old grandson has had a wonderful time this , and it has nicely complemented his other sets by this manufacturer .
this watering can is made from a soft plastic and has been dropped and thrown several times without a dent or crack . it is adorable .
it was total hit at our halloween party ! there was something for all ages . the only miss was the blinged out gold teeth .
played hours with this toy . the boys loved it . the boys are only 6 and they thought the game was alot of fun .
my three-year-old somehow broke the starter . now it's just another push train . a very expensive one at that !
i love the pink dress ! he brightness is just gorgeous ! i got one for my daughter and one for her friend's birthday :) )
that there are boy baby's also and that they are just more playmates besides girls . cute doll but nothing to get very excited about
if you are looking for a different gift idea and is also educational , then this is it . it's much more fun with friends though
my baby loves it . max is one of the favorite cars from all cars collection . you will have a lot fun and will enjoy ..
some of the directions will go over young kids heads , but there is plenty of fun to be had with this kit .
this was so much fun to do with my kids . it reminded me of being a kid myself . what a great product
it gave this to a one year old for her birthday . she loved at as did all the other children .
our baby was always reaching for our remote so this was perfect . she loves it . makes lots of noises hen buttons are touched ..
didn't get to see this rocket in action but from what i hear , it's really cool . hopefully i'll get to see the grandson blast this off soon !
lots of fun and full of laughs.you will find yourself chasing marbles around.liked it so much bought two for gifts .
excellent learing tool for teaching adaptive skills . the doll provides easy to use items that make learining fun . great construction .
my grandson was so excited when he saw that he received this for christmas ! thank you for delighting one lad !
my sons like playing with this . they hit the floor to make noise and the car moves by itself across the floor and says a few lines .
overall good . don't bother with the ponytail on the building . it pops off with a hard stare and really fun to step on pieces . rest is great
this is a fun game . we enjoy playing the questions are challenging enough for adults but not too hard for kids . arrived on time too !
as a stocking stuffer partly because i think she's hilarious looking and so did everyone else . nice addition to my husband's collection .
has many functions and baby loves the features . adorable and good price . wish the refrigerator side had more functions . maybe a trash can with sound .
the twins i bought this for love it . they play with it daily . love fisher price products ! long lasting and durable !
it's a classic game we all know and it was as expected ... everyone knows twister , so there's not much need to look at the reviews !
my granddaughter and grandson love this game . i was looking for something the whole family would enjoy and this fits the bill .
excelente doll for my daugther , she has a aladin's couple and play for long time , she's happy and i'm happy too
these dolls are just adorable ! bought to put in my monster high doll house . makes a great addition to anyone's collection .
this is a fun game to play . i got it for my son for christmas and he loves playing it with his sisters .
nice for little girls into long hair and being a rapunzel doll , it's a plus . makes excellent present . good buy
they worked great , haven't broke but dogs can easily swallow and then poop purple for days . not a pretty site .
standard bubble bottles . cute toppers . great for the small goody bags for my son's dinosaur-themed five year-old birthday party .
this is a great product , worth the price . very pleased with purchase , would recommend it . not much else to say .
they come with a great variety of colors . they are also toddler friendly - great for little hands and keeping clean !
my seven year old granddaughter loves penguins . this made her really happy , she had another one to add to her collection .
i bought this for my one year old granddaughter . she loved it and played with it all the time . i would recommend it to others .
got this game at a great price and fast delivery . played and had so much fun . looking for more great deals in the future . very satisfied
monster high anything is hard to come by in the stores and usually more expensive so this was a perfect buy !
i purchased this for my daughter for christmas . it is a super cute doll . i love the horse / texas theme of her outfit .
our little granddaughter seems to love it , thanks for making it sturdy enough that it will last her for a while .
it is the first time i buy this . i feel very comfortable and it is very cute . i like it very much
everything that leap frog does is a favorite of my grandson's , and this is no exception ! add to your collection !
i was disappointed there were more zippers , some of the compartments were difficult to keep closed if to many items were put in them .
grandson thought this was awesome . just know there are lots of little pieces . lego company , why not pack the little pieces in resealable bags ?
my son loves cad . him and his college friends play it so this was an easy gift for him for xmas . i know he will love it .
this is a must for the leap frog . little hands sometimes drop and this does protect it . plus it also gives it some grip .
this is a sweet little turtle . my daughter wanted it and sleeps with it every night . it is pretty little and easy to take on trips .
these are real nerf darts , so you know the quality is there . you won't be disappointed and i'd recommend to anyone
i bought this for my 2 year old nephew . he wants to do everything daddy does ... so he loved this toy .
this item was purchased for my granddaughter . she absolutely loved it and plays with it for hours . i would recommend this doll .
very cute shark . bought this for my girlfriend because her nickname is sharky . i won't tell you why her nickname is sharky . use your imagination !
kids love them , hours of fun making bracelets with them , fast shipping , colorful , exactly what is picture is what you receive , will buy again
bought this for a 4 year old who loves angry birds . he loved this . i thought there should be more blocks for the price but he's happy .
my grandson will be turning two the end of august . it sure looks like alot of fun , so i'm hoping he'll like it .
my six year old loves these walkies . easy to use and they work great with the neighbor one street over .
love this and kiddo has fun using it . anything to make traveling easier , i am in ! would strongly recommend to anyone who is interested in it .
bought this ahead of time for my soon to be six year old granddaughter . she will love it . she requested it .
i purchased these science kits for my 2 oldest grandsons and they are having fun with these and learning without probably knowing that they are learning .
i bought this for one of our granddaughters for easter and she loved it . just too cute and pretty harmless ...
great starter puzzle . my son loved this puzzle when he was 12 months . it also helped with learning his basic colors .
love the old fashion toys that build hand coordination . this lets them learn colors , size , as they sit and play
not much to be said but it is great quality as all mcfarlane figures are . it is flawless and awesome !
you can never have too many glow sticks - dance parties , camping , emergencies . good deal , work fine , normal quality . glow !
she loves it and it hs entertained her fir hours in the car . she and her brother play it all the time
perfect for little hands to hold . no small pieces to chew off . great for on the go because their small .
between my son and daughter i am not sure who likes this piano more . totally a fun little toy for the kiddos !
my nephew was amazed to open this gift and see a set he had never seen , ever . it was awesome and this set is sooooo good !
my 4 years old boy absolutely loves this lego set ! i will buy again another police and firefighters lego sets . thank you !
this is an old time game that my 7yr old really enjoys playing . great family game to play together . happy
you can't go wrong with this set if you child is going through the princes phase like my 3 year old granddaughter is .
love their stuff , great gift idea ! ! kids always love the stuff ! ! great for any occasion and any child ! ! tons of fun ! !
legs are great for so many ages . they teach to follow directions , and also to be creative on their own . all kids love legos !
i bought this for my 5 yr old to use when doing math homework . made well and it's very sturdy .
my 6 year old figured it out so quickly and loves it . it does exactly what it says and works great outside . he loves it !
goes to bed with everret every night . we downloaded classical music and it lulls him to sleep . he loves that it talks to him .
i purchased this for my son and his daughters . he called me cracking up when they got it , the dog went crazy ! this was a hit !
rolls and pops and all sorts of excitment for a toddler . i gave one as a gift and the little girl loves it .
my daughter got this set two years ago for christmas and she still loves it . you really can serve warm tea in the cups . it's a keeper !
this outfit is well made and looks cuter than the picture . good mixer with other garments we have purchased or made ,
the kids love it ! it's a great price and totally worth it ! was great to watch the kids dance and sing with mickey , they love it !
i picked these up for my nephew and he loves them . the play set is a ton of fun and has a great theme .
my 9 month old daughter enjoys playing with her drum . the different color lights and music make her so excited !
nice and soft little pillow . they go through the washer just fine and come out nice and soft still . word
bought it for my grandson and he loved it . still need to sit with cause of age but enjoyed it a lot
granddaughter loves playing with olaf and the rest of the frozen figurines . would recommend to anyone that enjoys the movie frozen
i love game . it was just what i needed to keep my kids from fighting .
for its price , it doesn't worth that much money . but it has several pieces of small toys , my baby loves them all .
this was a great set for the kids . wish they had more for each theme i'm doing and a little cheaper
my little one loves it ! i find it extremely helpful and practical for storing lego pieces . it's perfect for any room . love the colors , too .
i purchased this for my daughter over 2 years ago . she loves it and still plays with it in the tub .
bought this for our 1 year-old for christmas , along with the matching truck . these are very well-made and sturdy . perfect for little hands .
mainly picked her up because she was on sell . but the figure is pretty nice and the head sculpt is decent .
my nephew loves his leapfrog explorer learning game : spongebob squarepants and that's all anyone can ask of a game , isn't it ?
my 20 month old thinks he is big stuff with his wallet like the big boys have ! ! it's very simply , but keeps him entertained !
such bright vivid colors to choose from . added so my niece could construct what ever she might have a whimsy for .
i love it . my granddaughter collects these . this one is unique . heath burns is really neat looking ! exactly what i expected .
gave as gift to a 5yr old who loves super mario . you should've seen the smile on his face when he got it !
my little one likes it a lot , he mostly enjoys making a tall tower
great board . good size for building . the only issue i had was that the wrapping was a pain to get off .
dowling foam fun magnets don't hurt your feet when the kids inevitably make a mess on the kitchen floor ! brilliant !
they don't call them the " wing king " for no reason :) he's big and beautiful . a wonderful addition to our sons dinosaur collection .
my neice was very happy withh the michonne vinyl action figure . she is a very big fan of the walking dead series .
this was a big unexpected hit for xmas daughter really moves it and has been citing bug facts all week
larger than regular play doh tools , but good for small hands . seem durable but haven't had them long enough to really tell .
my son got this for his 7th birthday and loves it . he loves logic puzzles and i like how portable and contained this game is :)
we buy these helicopters a lot so were looking for something a little different . this one seemed not to hold up as much as the basic one
it's just as the picture shows , they are so cute ! for the price you pay you must have them all !
this came as a packaged deal when i bought the leappad 2 . helps keep the little one occupied , purchased bubbly guppies episodes with it .
fun for my 8 year old kid to play with when she is playing with my son and his huge collection . nice rolling wheels and pretty paint design .
this toy is played with and enjoyed every night at bath time . i would recommend this toy to anyone who has little ones who likes thomas train .
my 4yo son loves this toy as specially in the tub . the sub shoots water from it's mouth which is very entertaining .
precious . grand baby falls asleep listening and watching her glow seahorse . makes for an easier , calmer bed time and nap time .
this was a big hit with my granddaughter . they pieces are made well & i know will last forever .
better quality than other table covers i have seen , the logos are just perfect
i purchased this last year for my granddaughter at christmas ! she still has it on her bed and sleeps with it after a year .
a princess can never have too many dresses , tht what this is all about . my duaghter just loves them too !
it won't turn color in cold water , so be sure to tell your child that or she will think it is broken like mine did :-)
wonderful product filled with hours of fun for the entire family ! highly recommended for everyone of all ages ! thank you !
the lovable but clumsy dragon from the hit show doc mcstuffins as a toy plush which you can cuddle hug and love
i bought this for my grandson as a collector item . he just loved it ! he loves anything that has to do with angry birds !
this is a great game that is fun with anywhere from five to eight players . the more players the better .
it is a gift , and i hope my grandson likes it . it arrived quickly , and it was a good price .
pretty doll , nice outfit from roller maze series . bought on sale so i was able to save a few dollars .
this doll worked well for a one year old as it is small enough for her to handle . it is also pretty soft .
the pieces are very tiny but it keeps her busy and is fun for her so oh well . i recommend it
we purchased this for our niece to go with the most recent book . she loves it . nice to know christmas can be simple and a success .
not all the furniture fits well in areas . daughter still loves it , but it would be nice if the ceilings were tall enough for their own furniture .
this is a really cute idea ! can't wait for the holidays to surprise the kids and the husband with this ! they are really going to enjoy this .
love the new 52 comics and this guy brings batman staight of the pages and into your hands and shelf
purchased for a small child and they are pretty cute so i am sure she will love them and have hours of fun playing with them .
if you like board games and you like monopoly . and if you are a fan ofthe warcraft series video games this is a good game to buy .
i love it . but it doesn't stay on my wall so my son cant pkay with it how its meant to be played with
nice ! nice ! nice ! looks great with the rest of the batman 66 ' series ! highly recommended ! a + + +
very cute and nice quality . the vest was little long for my 2 year old , but still wearable . i would recommend dress-up outfit .
fun goofy game that my little kids love . it is simple and they can understand the rules and throwing chickens around is always hillarious .
i bought this for my autistic son.he loves to play with this pegs . they are easier to hold for him.price is also reasonable and lowest in my research .
my niece is crazy about hello kitty , and she was thrilled when this necklace arrived in her mailbox . good price for making smiles !
my girl is in to monster high so much that i could not get this piece for hereit looks great she is extremely happy
it's effectively a hannah montana ' barbie ' type doll with a wicker swing chair - - not particularly durable , and nothing which is particularly ' educational ' .
cheaper quality but sand toys don't need to last forever and they work perfectly for my two small boys .
bought these for gift bags and worked out great . there was one that had a broken tail but the others were perfect .
simple , but still very cute monster high doll alternative , for a good price . great for a present for all kids ages .
a great add to any halo collection . my husband loves this one the most and it is very big and a great replica of the game player .
my 3 year old daughter loves to dress and undress this cow family and play with them in her doll house . very cute ! love the calico critters !
a good doll , her blue hair , her good worked details , simply a beatiful doll , is fantastic , i am happy with it
can't wait to play with my eight year old and twelve year old boy . they like all things gross and that fits .
i bought this for my little sister for xmas , i'm sure she will love it as she loves monster high ...
i wish they had more colors in this thickness . love it for protecting the i pod with my 3 year old grandchild .
this is a high quality truck play set . the kids will get hours of fun from this set . very well made . recommended . dame hilda
the grandkids really like this . the book has very easy instructions using pictures of the pieces needed and how to put them together .
excellent quality of balloons ! have never found better quality ! ! makes wonderful balloon animals ! a fun time for all ! ! highly recommend ! !
the hat never stays on . it's a good size for figure play , but she doesn't stand , paint is coming off really easy and her leg snapped off
i bought these bottles to go along with a baby doll ... for our grandbaby who likes to play with dolls . the price was nice
my granddaughter has all the little ponies but not one male so she has requested a male pony for christmas
my 5 - year-old grandson chose this and we purchased it for a christmas gift . he loves cars and he really enjoys playing with this .
very nice wooden toy . the magnet is very strong and my grand children will have many hours of play enjoying this chuggington toy .
this was the perfect shot for my daughters " real " dr . kit . she loves to trick her siblings and friends , great product !
bought this item for my granddaughter she is very happy with it ... completely satisfied ! would definitely purchase it again
my 12 year old grandson's favorite christmas gift this year ! loads of fun experimenting around with how to change the path of light .
my 3 year old loves to play this game . game came as described by posting . i would recommend this game to anyone to buy .
this thing runs great . just go on youtube and learn how to make the simple modification and your are good . my 10 year old can fly this .
bought this for my 2 year old granddaughter and she loves playing with it . it is strong and durable as she has climbed into it many times .
my grandson likes to put things together and do puzzles . he enjoys this toy and so do i . just a fun little thing to do
i gave this to my grandson for his birthday and he hardly put in down all day . he loves that it really works !
definitely a great buy . the boy i bought this for loves jake and the neverland pirates , so this was the perfect gift for his 3rd birthday .
my 4 year old loves this toy . he plays with it often . i love that it folds up for easy storage .
great quality puzzle and we very much enjoy the beautiful image . ravensburger puzzles are the best out there . great challenge and activity for a family !
provides some more races and powers which is great . i would say definitely worth the buy , provides a new aspect to the original
what a perfect idea for play and storage of all the animals we bought to go with this barn . worth the money
we have a great time watching the 1 year old playing with her fisher price toys . this one is typical ... high quality , well designed .
my 1 year old loved this for his birthday . such a fun , easy toy . i would buy this again and again .
this paper was a nice fit on the kids easel . durable even after being saturated with paint . highly would recogmend .
my daughter has enjoyed this toy for many months , not her fav toy but it doesn't go ignored for long ! id recommend it !
i like the new legs . i think they are a little easier to put on . enduring , classic toy for a reason .
bought this to add on to our collection of munchkin games . we were not dissapointed and would recommend this as a must have addition for any munchkin fan .
my grand daughter loved it . right size . came in the right time . i would recommend it as it is good .
it's nice once you put it together . but not for 7 years old one who want to play with it .
my newphew loved this . very soft and surprisingly accurate to the 12 inch size . very night for newborn / toddler
love this product ! the bones are well made and fun to feel to match . the dog house is sturdy and good for small hands .
erasable - a word u want when children are learninggot some on a table washed off easily , painted dresser was a wipe off
i purchased this gift for my 5 year old nephew for christmas . it was a great price and he enjoyed it .
looks a little cheesy . very small although in all fairness they did state the measurements . probaby would not of ordered it if i saw it in peson .
this has a lot of coins and play paper money . the kids love to pretend they are buying things around the house .
son always wanted starscream , hard to find . enjoys the action . easy to transform . fun to play with .
i love love love love this leopard and i think everyone would love it if they had one soft and very very cute
perfect for our party favor bags for all the super herod . great price & quality as good as expected . kids loved them
these are great balloons ! my husband loves them ! they are great quality . the packaging was ok . they arrived on time .
my grandsons were happy enough to get the characters for their game system . this one from the cars movie was well received .
cute clock . much smaller than i anticipated . the back piece that holds it up is a little unstable . pretty small - but does the job .
it was wonderful to find this package for my grandchildren ! they were so happy with them ! i loved the quick service and great condition of my purchase !
this was a fun activity . daughters learned lots of ways to play with this using imagination in addition to stacking .
this is the exact game that my grandson wanted . everything seems to work ok and he loves playing it with his brothers and sister .
my son loves the dinosaures . so , i put them to the sand box and asked my son to find it and he loves it .
a gift for my great-granddaughter , who plays with it all the time . melissa & doug toys are sturdy and fun .
who doesn't love play-doh ? this mega-pack was perfect for what i needed it for . if you're looking for some bulk play-doh , this is a good option .
i bought this for my 3 yr old son that loves fire trucks , it's a huge puzzle and he thought that was cool .
let your child practice these skills on real items , or better yet , on this toy at daycare or preschool . many preschools have something similar .
brings out the kid in every one who uses it ! we looooove nerf guns in this house and will continue to have fun with them ! ! !
despicable me 2 minion stuart laughing action figure ， product packaging is very good , looks very cute , i am very satisfied , thank you very much
boys love having their " own " headphones and i love not having to listen to endless renditions of their games ! :)
it was nice that this was cheaper than toysrus and walmart . i dont like paying the high prices for legos and wont . glad they had this .
we had fun with this also . just like " back in the day " ! the quality was great and it was shipped quickly .
i love these fat soft beanie balls . we have several and my daughters absolutely adore them . great price too . very happy
my daughter wanted this elissabat doll . we got it for her birthday . she was what we expected , and my daughter loved it !
durable and the little guys love it ! there are enough pieces that they can be creative or simply build what's depicted on the box .
wonderful creative play set for little girls ! my 7 year old granddaughter will learn much from this item and we will be adding to her collection
that's pretty obvious since you know you're buying a sphere . nevertheless , this is fun to put together and you get a nice decorative piece at the end .
bought this for my 2 year old , he is now 3 and plays with this all the time still . great toy and good quality !
the balloons made the party . i loved them so different pastel like everyone commented on them . please do stripes next .
my 2 year old grandson is more in construction vehicles , school bus , fire engine and there is none of these in the collection i received .
my grandbaby loves his storytime book . he flips the pages and loves all the sounds and songs it plays . great product .
this monopoly game is great ! it keeps the monopoly theme and adds the features of the nightmare before christmas . what fun !
my little guy loves to paint and this pad was perfect with crayola paints . i will be ordering more in the future ,
fantastic toy for 3 + yr old ... loves to build from the pictures . one yr old just plays with the cars if i build them !
i would recommend this to anyone who has children that likes monster high . i bought this for my granddaughter and she plays with it everyday .
my grandbaby loves these cars ! they are made just right for little hands . the cars are of great quality also .
great for the newest addition in a family . soft rag doll with great name and occupation ! very cute and just what i was looking for .
my 7 year old just loves this . there is nothing more to say about this . it is wood not plastic . that's a bonus !
my grandsons love their new elf ! they are being very good for " buddy " and santa ! ! very cute idea ! :) highly recommend !
this game is as nutty as the name implies . my grandson is delighted with it . he frequently has friends over and bezzerwizzer is extremely popular with them .
i bought this for my 4 yr old . it is easy to comb the hair so far no tangles . she likes putting the little hair barrettes in .
i know my granddaughter will love this . she will be 3 next week & likes barbieit was very easy to put together =d
grand sons enjoy playing with this . toy broke after a few weeks but they enjoyed it while they had it ...
this puzzle is beautiful , and my daughter enjoys putting it together time after time . would definitely recommend melissa and doug products to anyone !
i read the dimensions , but the baby is just so much smaller than i anticipated . not worth the money at all .
this little puppy slide whistle is cute and the sound it makes is fine . it is more a toy than an instrument .
not sure what the background of this doll is but my granddaughters really wanted them . easy to transform and not too many small parts .
my 4 year old loves these ! she is now transitioning from crayons to these colored pencils and she adores sketching . we're so happy with our purchase !
my grandson wanted this for christmas . naturally i got it for him and he just loves her ! he is 3
my trio loves this . our ramp did have a defect in the ramp . the hook wouldn't stay on but hubby finally got a permanant fit to it .
my nephew was thrilled and you cant keep him away from it ... the product was just as described and even better .
cute , came quick , good price , made cute gift at christmas for son as gag gift , he loved it and it made him laugh
the size is so small and the function is so limited my 3 year old who loves robots has absolutely no interest in it at all .
we purchased this two years ago and it's still going strong ! ! my 3 year old loves this to race cars with his older brother .
my 7 - year old loves this game . it helps with memory and also increases reading skills . even adults have fun with this game !
my grand daughter really loves this baby doll . she takes it every where that she goes . from what i can see it is a very good product
very nice for imaginative play . they are high quality , and i am sure they will at least last her childhood .
the original is the best and perfect for any age group . hours and hours of engrossing fun . way to go !
great way to learn hands on great for creative drawing and coloring as well as painting and especially learning in school
the cookware set is nice . however it was missing the frying pan and lid . the picture also shows food which the set did not contain .
a perfect stocking stuffer for kids . ordered a couple dozen to use for the holidays and cute and well made items .
i had to return the board because the wood that touches the floor was rough and could have hurt fingers ( as well as my hardwood floor ) .
fits wonderful on 12 doll ! my little girl dresses her melissa & doug doll with these all the time ! would like to see more of these !
my granddaughter loves these slippers . they have been asking for them since they first saw the commercial ! it is funny to watch them walk around in them !
this lego set is awesome . my grandson had it assembled quite quickly ! i thought it would take him longer ... age 10 .
my son has been wanting spencer ever since he saw one of the thomas movies . it has been worth every penny because he truly enjoys playing with it !
so sweet and beautiful ! i bought this for my niece for her second birthday sweet as can be and glittery too !
i have to search for these things all over my house because my son is constantly shooting them at me
this was for part of a doctor's kit i put together for my niece . she loved the needle and it brought together the whole package
grandkids love to play with the figures . they are very cute and durable . love all the products that disney creates .
this was a christmas gift and the kids loved it . very entertaining on those boring indoor days , good activity to keep them busy .
bought these to fill up my little 1 year olds ball pit . they are perfect in size and not cheap . he loves them !
this item was received crushed , and looked like it was opened , and taped back together . very unhappy with this item , and how it was received .
this fits nicely on the target brand " our generation " dolls . my six year old daughter was delighted to receive it for christmas .
my 3 year old loves this . she really uses her imagination for cutting and serving . great product . melissa and doug never disappoint .
i was lucky enough to get this for $ 16.99 here , after it wasn't avaliable forever and before they price jumped too $ 35.00 .
i bought this for my 14 month old son , he loves cooking in the kitchen with mommy with it ! seems to be very durable .
not as stretchy as other bands , but were pretty , i like the packaging better than the compressed bags . word word
we thought this was great . our 1 1/2 yr old grandson liked the story and he liked putting the animals together with a little help .
this hello kitty was purchased for my daughter from her son . she loves hello kitty and collects the smaller ones.did not realized that it was so large .
gave this to my grand daughter and she loves it . nice series of dolls . doesn't hurt that her mom's nickname is lala either ;-) .
this was our granddaughters first baby doll she really love it , just the right size doll for the first baby doll , easy for them to play with
another great addition to our collection . we're purchasing all the holiday barbies made since 2003 . my daughter loves all barbies .
we love monster high ! ! ! the quality , the carftmanship , and the beauty of this product is outstanding . this is a five star doll .
my kids love minecraft , so anything like this is just perfectly wonderful to give them as gifts . i just wish they had more variety !
a little surprised on the quality and expected more , but then this is why ordering on line is not always the best for toys .
my two year old loves his games great price came in on time endless hours of play great for me
bought this as a gift for a friend's little boy . he really liked it . but i think anyone would , legos are always a fun toy .
great quality and perfectly sized . durable finish . lids come off the honey pot and strawberry jam jar , nice touch :) .
my son is 3 years old and loves to " golf like daddy " . this was a perfect gift for him to play like his dad .
super cute and fun . the pieces are oddly shaped , but that doesn't seem to matter to my 3 year old . cute fun puzzle .
my grandson enjoyed doing this puzzle . he said it was hard but he did it anyway . it is one we do whenever i go to visit him .
grandson loves anything to do with space , so he will love this for xmas … … arrived on time and in great shape .
lots of small pieces and disconnecting pieces . lid to car is too difficult for a child to fit on properly by him / herself .
i spent over 200 dollars in one day on various toys all of which are now in the trashif you don't see the plastic toys ... don't waste your money
my son played with this for less than an hour . very expensive for a bunch os plastic that sits around .
very cheaply made toy.don , t waste your money.my grandson dropped the toy gun on the kitchen floor and it shattered to pieces
i am happy that shane walsh was included in this series . he is definitely a great character in the series .
i purchased for my grandson for christmas hoping it would be like the wagon i had growing up . i could not have asked for a better product
my nephew went crazy for this gift . he is 4 and obsessed with firemen . he played with this gift the whole christmas party .
fisher-price brilliant basics baby's first doll is perfect for a newborn . this doll is so soft and cute . great gift .
these darts are always going missing so this is the perfect set to buy , hopefully enough so you have many more to use when most are lost ! lol
nice gift for a friend who loves twilight . it is different and she really liked it because she could use it very day .
my 2 year old grand son loves cars so i think he will love this to push around his house
my daughter likes to help me clean so now we can sweep and mop together at the same time :)
i got these way ahead of the estimated time deleviry and they were the perfect size to be placed on the birthday cake
my daughter loves her case ! it is hardy and keeps the leapster safe ! holds lots of extra games as well !
only makes a small sound , not sure this is goood for a older child as it does nothing bu say boo .
once he understood how to use these new pieces our grandson like his new options . now his train has many more tracks to run on .
this set is adorable ! i loved the retro feel the moment i saw them and were a great addition to my litlte ones theme party . thanks !
looking forward to seeing my grandaughter hang all her barbie dresses on these hangers ... she will be so proud
this neat little ball has all sorts of things to keep a baby's attention . it was purchased as a 1st birthday present and went over well .
this is very cute and my grandaughter loved it . she has been having alot of fun with this product . thanks
fabulous gift for my grandson . he is going to love this gift . great for christmas , birthday or any time gift .
my child really enjoys playing with this toy and i am happy with this purchase despite the fact that pieces fell off within the first day of using it
heres hoping this barbie r / c convertible vehicle is all i am hoping to see for a christmas gift ... looks very cute in box
these were a birthday present for my son . so many small pieces , keeps him entertained for hours just building away .
it's doctor who's tardis ... nuff saidget it now and shame the figures are the same in the mini packets
my 5 year old loved this . it's a nice stuffed toy . great for cuddling ... not sure it's worth almost $ 10 . but it's cute .
i bought this for my 6 year old niece's birthday . my sister told me this was her favorite gift out of everything ! ! !
absolutely adorable and so much fun my 4 year old really loves it and its so cute to watch her play with it as its like a little baby
very well made . i like the big chunky pieces . i use it to teach my 4 year old about where we live as well as other states .
barbie's wings double as a skirt . easy to switch . seems to be pretty durable . she has had so much fun with it .
fun way to explore and learn about the human body . my girls find this very interesting and have asked a lot of questions after playing with it .
my grandkids loved this . the older ones worked on the puzzle part of this and the younger just had fun with them as blocks .
all these tools and he still can fix the drafty front door or the loose knobs on the cabinets . what a waste of money .
it takes a bit of practice to get the right sound from this , but when you do , it is quite convincing .
great gifts . sturdy as can be and almost indestructible . very affordable also . comes well packaged and i have yet to have anyone not like them .
this was an item my granddaughter requested . she loves legos , sponge bob , and building . this really fit the bill , and legos last forever .
gets lots of play time . all our kids love these . definitely worth getting lots of sets . durable , colorful , and open play .
good toy.doesnt run on a thick carpeted rooms.but is very engaging for the toddlers.very bright and colorful.excellent make !
bought this for my daughter and she likes it . she takes it to school and play with her friends . this is a good buy .
this is great ! great idea , great price , great fun ! my husband plays with it more than my child :-) . must have for little ones !
can't seem to get my kids to like this game - none of there friends want it either . it's a dud for us .
bought this toy as a cake topper for my son's birthday . it turned out really nice and he can play with the toys after we cut the cake .
oh what intents lies in everyone's heart and mind . this is a great apples to apples type game with adult theme .
our little guy is in heaven with his new trucks ... especially his dump truck ! ! ! makes picking up messes that much better too ! ! !
my children love puzzles and i now only buy wooden puzzles . the are easier to keep up with , plus you can wipe them off . very nice puzzle
my granddaughter's loved their cuddleuppets - one for each , loved the puppet and the paws to wrap around them . nicely made .
my daughter loves calico critters and she was thrilled with this adorable set for her house . many accessories included . thanks
very nice dolls , simple dress , but nice air , i lové the tatoos she s very modern and cool very prety this one
we love the colors of the rubberbands . they are very radiant and of good quality . i would buy them again !
everything about this loom and rubber band fad is a winner for my four grandchildren.they and their friends work on rings and bracelets during recess at school every day
the tattoos were cute ... not as big of a hit as we had hoped . i wasn't disappointed though , they were cool
christmas gift for 12 year old and he loves it . he got the game console from other grandma and loves using the different figures in the game .
i gave this to my 9 year old neice for christmas . she was so excited . it has everything you need for robotics . very cool .
i bought the batgirl action figure to add to my collection . it looks really good among the other action figures .
this toy looks nice in the photo ; but it's been out of the box for a week now , and it still isn't asembled !
small but well made and really cute . my boys love them . i will probably be buying another one soon for my daughter .
my girls love this toy . they love whacking the hippos to make them eat the marbles , and it keeps them happy for a good while .
this is a winner toy to teach colors , practive fine motor skills , quiet play i bought a back up in case
my kids love these and build their own live games . they get thrown around all the time and hold up well .
i took this game over to a friend's house and we thouroghly enjoyed it he loved grabbing items like the ice flower and freezing enemies in their tracks
these blocks are great . they keep my 5 year son busy for hours ! he loves them . wish they were a little cheaper .
these are very nice . i don't get to use them as often as i'd like , but they're one of my favorite sets .
it's a bit flimsy , other than that its a good toy for your little one . comes with a lot of goodies .
my son loved it ! i can't wait to see the pics of this put together ! ! he was very happy ! thank you
there is no reason to buy brand name when you can buy this product for a much more reasonable price at the same quality . highly recommended .
green toys are wonderful ! they are made from 100 % recycled material and are very durable , especially for small children who are rough on toys
this flies very nice but it breaks if you crash so have parts to fix it.it is easy to control and easy to fix ..
it is a little big for him , but he still likes playing with it . he is curious as to where the pilot is though .
grandson likes it , encourages creativity and thinking good for parent-child interaction as it is interesting for adults too good buy
wow . this thing is huge ! ! ! i wasnt really expecting it to be this big . but it will be great for the kids .
these are great for my toddler . he can hold these with no problem . they are a great size for tiny hands !
these hand tattoos are very cute but a little bigger than i expected ... too big for my grandkid's hand but cute nonetheless .
this fits the american girl doll perfectly ! it is well-made and gets used often by my 6 yr old and her friends .
gift for our granddaughter's first birthday . she loved the noises it makes . she still loves music and dancing ! she wants to go to dance class .
my 12 year old loves them :-) thanks so very much she had done nothing but work on bracelets for like months now
my 2yrold daughter loves this little home ! very cute color and i think it's a good design for little hands .
order for my grandson cuz he loves balls , but more than that he loves to kick them as if they were soccer balls !
they are clear plastic sleeves for your cards . not much more to say other than that . they work to protect your cards . they are decently made .
bought these for my grandson , who loves the minecraft game . he was delighted by them.it doesn't get any better than that ! ! !
fun game to play with the kids , does have a lot of small parts .
my son loves this car it's about matchbox car size it does not fall apart he eats and bites the little pieces but still manages to stay together
who doesn't love dave ? ? great purchase . everyone in our family young and old love these little guys . we bought all three .
waste of money - no toddler at age 1.5 y would be interested in this . they should make it for older kids .
my daughter ant put this thing down im so glad it doesnt take batteries cus id have to remortgage my house
this set of apples is nice to learn colors and sizes and can be used well in learning journey ; it is also well made .
broken straight out of the box ... i wouldn't have been so frustrated except that we bought 2 and neither worked . not one time ... both got returned
my 13 month old got these from my parents from easter . awesome toy ! he plays with them for a long time at once and no batteries ! :)
my son loved it when he opened it , and he likes changing the side . but when he rolls it along , the wheels squeak very annoyingly !
made of excellent quality and is a new favorite with my 4 and 6 year old boys who adore kirby and love all of the video games .
the kids loved the characters . great size and quality.good addition to the movie , makes it come alive for them
my son got these for christmas and he loved them ! the pack had some really nice cars in it and he plays with them every day .
perfect gift for my 6 year old ! it's been a year and he's still loving his snap circuits . he's even picked out the next set he wants .
lego produces tony stark's cliff side mansion and iron man suit variations . this set is interesting in providing the work room set up .
pillow is very soft and comfortable . pillow is a great size and very durable . i would highly recommend to others .
just the right size for 1yr old , just walking , not tippy , is sturdy will last few years too great price .
these are very cute blocks , but after cleaning them a few times , i have noticed that the edges are wearing off .
this is very small ... but the quality is good . not for kids over 1 1/2 ... but a great product nevertheless .
these are fun ! my daughter loves to put her finger in this beings mouth and feel it open and close around it and she sings with it .
bought this as a gift . i thought it was really cute and creative . the little girl i bought it for seemed to really like it as well .
my son loves the fact that he can organize all of his lego sets neatly in this container for easy access
my daughter is receiving this for easter and i know she is going to love them they look soo cute just like the picture .
this polar bear is so soft and cute if u get one u well love it so much so well any kids
these pieces are a must have . buy at least 2 sets . nine more words required for this review two one ...
it was what i expected and at a good price to , i would recommend to anyone looking for this product . i will do business with them again.thanks .
this game is so colorful . my granddaughter just loves it . i made a good choice . thank you very much :)
this game is so fun and the graphics look amazing , i highly recommend it if you love tomb raider like i do
i got this for my 3 year old and 5 year old . they love to sing along ! more words are required .
not only the kids are mystified . the teachers are all amazed and can't stop trying to " pet the frog " . great to show optics in class .
he made a great edition to our barbie beach house . the price was also good and my five year old loves him :)
my daugter got many years of enjoyment from this doll , she played with it in the tub all the time .
sort of cheap and they break a lot . soooo ... soooo . beware . you might have something nearly done and pow breakage . hmm .
thought it would be another disappointment , but actually works as advertised . my 7 year old loves it . very interactive . very cute , not creepy .
this is an adorable chef outfit . great for imaginative play or for kids to wear when helping out in the kitchen . it fits most children .
these dice are so great ! love the colors too . we use them for math games and they cover all the numbers ! so great !
my daughter got this for her birthday and loved and when she had a friend over her friend also loved it great product and you can really see behind you
very well made toy that both my boys seem to enjoy quite a bit . they both still play with it a month after christmas .
great ambulance and medic for rescue city ! needed to bring those emergencies to the er . sturdy built . great for little hands .
fun 3 - d educational puzzling . made a great gift to an 8 yr old shark loving boy . cool to display after .
boots are good quality , fits doll , easy to put them on , granddaughter loved the outfit . ( purchased to match skirt & top )
this princess is very popular in our house . we have 7 of these puppets along with the melissa and doug theater . they are all worth every penny .
my granddaughter loves her american girl doll and i love giving her clothes for it . these shoes are perfect and well made .
this is a knock off of something similar it works but you get what you payfor ! cheap so be extra careful , but it does work !
my grandson loves this it makes sounds and lights up . he has even tried to ride on it . we've bought more tractors because he lives it do much
my grandson will love thomas the train in real life after watching him on tv daily . the quality looks good but will know more after christmas !
i like all of the leap frog products . my kids have enjoyed playing with the bus . the learning bus will need batteries , so be prepared .
bought this for my newborn because every baby should have this toy ! i am especially pleased with the bright colors
kids loved it , but both of them where disappointed it was so small . well made , a collection addition to many they have and enjoy .
this is a great microscope and has enhanced the science lessons of my grandsons who are home-schooled . they are using it weekly .
the screwdriver looks and the " laser " really was fun with the dogs . the only disappointing thing was it wasn't very loud .
great fun for younger kids who are just learning about the alphabet and phonics ! i highly recommend for any toddler !
i gave this to my grandson , he seemed to enjoy it , his parents , not so much , he is loud.gunner august , 2012
kevin can wear on my nerves sometimes but he has a good heart . if victor approves so do we . another great addition to our collection .
this game is okay when the pig pops it does not make a loud noise so not to frighten a small child and it teaches counting
these paints were a great set for my four-year-old , who loves to paint and appreciated the many colors in this set .
fly straight and travel further and more accurately than similar darts from the age of my childhood ... nice little projectiles !
my granddaughter has recently become interested in the lego friends line , so she was delighted to get a new kit to add to her collection .
i like the kit : very economical way to get a child started with learning a new handicraft that can be used for future skills .
i bought this for my granddaughter who is a big dora fan and she loved it . plays with it everyday .
my grandson is one year old and he has played with this sword alot ... he loves the light and sounds and his sisters do too !
this is a very cool toy . my daughter got it for her 8th birthday and it was a hit at her party !
this item come with chase mccain ( lego city main character ) . overall this is a good item for lego city fans .
this was the only one i could not find in the stores ... its a great addition to my sons batman collection
well , not the kind adults think of , but the little ones seem to think they are great , and that's all that matters .
i was the " star " great-auntie at christmas when my great-nephew received a whole bag of angry birds . of course , purple bird was one of them .
another adorable idea from the lego corporation ! i love this guys outfit and the fishing pole is perfect ! catch of the day !
this is a safe stacker . all our grandchildren love it . the pieces are rounded and light weight . no center post to get hurt on .
since my grandson is only 5 , the leapfrog is in constant danger ( lol ) . the carrying case has saved the leappad more than once ! thanks !
big tracks are hard to build without these pieces . keep your cool by getting these as soon as you can . it'll save feelings down the road .
great quality , nice variety . my kid plays with these almost every day and she loves them . highly recommended for anyone .
good baby doll for any child . it didn't come with a baby bottle which i thought was strange . nice size for my toddlers .
lego bricks are fun for all ages and as always if it a lego is very good quality . this bin has good varity of bricks
my nephew loves leggos and is trying to complete the city collection . he was so excited to recieve this as a gift .
this is so cute and we love the little animals . my twin 3 year olds play with them more than any other blocks . so cute .
they are the real size of veggies and are colored well . i do not like how much they smell like chemicals though .
much smaller then thought but it is for a little boy who should be able to handle it with ease
tiny and impossible to play because you cant control the balls ... wtf . .. the idea was cool . . .
love this item , perfect in size , perfect in colors , good quality , and were the perfect addition for the party . just love them .
bought this to add to my son's bday present . great them gift . he loves all things thomas . item is as pictured .
a simple yet challenging game . the rules start out very simple and then they keep changing . having cthulhu around just makes it even better .
i havent played it but my four year old really loves this game . seems to be at her level although higher stages are harder
this is a fun toy that also has great storage and is fun to play with to boot . this is a nice toy for imagination play .
we've been using this for about 3 months now and have no complaints . it works just fine ! i would recommend
very well made and the details in his coat are nearly perfect.the added accessories are also very nice and this was at a great price !
my granddaughter loves to use them in the house or outside to find critters around their new house.great fun and hours of entertainment .
we love to follow the cards and make the designs , or just create some on our own ! its so much fun ! !
this was one of the absolute best things my daughter got for her bday . her and i had fun she would do one then i would do one !
it's so much fun , but the stickers don't stick . i would suggest a dab of glue for them to stick .
my son goes nuts for his dump truck . you can really dump the load and open and close the doors to put men inside .
so cute ! ! very durable , and great fun . bought as a birthday gift for a little girl who loves jake . she will love it .
good toy for the money . my two year old grandson loved getting this for christmas . it is big with a lot of things to do on it .
granddaughter wanted for christmas . she collects all different types of webkinz . if she loves them , i love them . will get 1-2 for valentines day
definitely a great addition to our granddaugther's family house , and fortunately this grandmother doesn't look like the stereotype grandmother of old !
i bought these as birthday party favors , and they were quite nice i must say . my daughter and all her friends loved them .
our six-year-old son loves how you get the comic with these . he transforms these ones super fast . thanks so much !
this was a smaller stuffed animal than i had hoped it would be . it's bigger than the fox , however . it was for a small baby .
it can get mashed up ! but it's good for young kids to provide an intro to planet earth ! purpose served !
perfect size for her american girl doll clothes . looks great and fits well with her other doll items . would recommend .
this is a set that looks like the real thing but perfect for little ones ! my daughter loves it . now we just need a kitchen set !
my daughter loves to kick around this ball and play ! she has so much fun ! she loves that her princesses are on it !
love phineas & ferb , love perry.just had to get this for the kids . love that you can change it back in forth from spy to platypus .
works as promised and my 5 year old son just loves it . now to only find all the shooters when they are fired !
my son loves this toy , but it has already been torn and it's only a few months old . i would buy again , though .
the best part of this jina is her shoes . overall this doll is not as good as scaris , but would still recommend .
one of the more popular toys we've purchased . the shark is a blast by itself , and the endless combination of boats makes for a lot of fun .
i thought they would like the math dice better , but they love these story cubes better than anything , it also helps with their creative writing abilities
this was a christmas gift for my 2 year old granddaughter . it's soft and cuddly and the sounds it makes are not loud and obnoxious . very cute .
nice i loved it my both girls played tith the set it contained changes of clothes and shoes magnetc attached clothing
my son loves playing with this and the space shuttle makes lots of launch noises that makes it fun for him to play with .
another great monster high doll . it seems the little girls in my family cannot get enough of this series of dolls .
easy for a child to assemble and use . they love tunnels - and this sure beats giving them another shoebox to cut holes in ! !
the rc vehículo works very well and is of very good quality ... is perfect for a little girl three years because is easy to use ...
grandson was thrilled to get this - and the swords are interchangeable w / other like figures . neat little figure to go w / the lego kits .
it looked like such large set in the photos , but it is very small . very expensive for the size of this set . very disappointing .
the little tikes swing seat is real sturdy and comfortable for the little ones . was easy to install on our current swing set .
my grandson really likes his new hexbugs and i think they are interesting little critters and are fun to watch .
we have been saving up for this game and we love it . if you love settlers of catan , you will love this game as well .
my son loved it ! he has almost the whole collection of trains and train sets . he plays with it all the time .
my 4 year old wanted a ds like the big kids have , got him this for christmas and he calls it his ds and still plays it every day
that was the response i got from my nephew when i gave him this lego set . he loved it , he is such a lego junkie
another great buy . we're trying to purchase all the holiday barbies made since 2003 . i think we have two more to purchase .
love ... my girls spend hours using the sticker pad ... best of all ... reusable
great game for the price ... my four year old chooses to play it over all other mobigo games ( we have seven other games ) .
we like thomas the train in this house . my children are going to love this game once they open their gift on christmas !
this was one of the perfect items under the x-mas tree for mckinsey . she plays with these more often than any other toy .
go over well . i put them underneath there dresses . my neices like them very much . the prints are very pretty .
it was a great gift for my grandson's birthday . he loved it and so did the other boys . great price .
this spiderman flip out stunt buggy is great . we got this for our 4 year old son for xmas . he absolutely loves it .
i so enjoy the look of wooden toys . the day care kids seem to really like this . to much plastic in our lives .
it is ok for the price but cars are small . good teaching tool for the price but don't last long .
well built , grandson loved it . looks like it will hold up well with rough play . definitely recommend buying this toy .
i love this game , i saw it on tabletop and the pieces are beautiful ! a great game ! highly recommended ! :)
love melissa and doug , and this game is great for playing in the pool and in great quality ! you can play with little and older children
these are fun , quick , and easy crafts for any younger child . they are not too hard and the result is quick for cute crafts !
this doll is really cute and soft . the bottom part of the stuffing is something that feels like little round beans . pretty sweet
the directions are really complicated . frustrated my child . ended up making friendship bracelets with thread without using tool . oh well .
my 4 year old son loves this game and it is so much cheaper to buy it off here rather than at the store or on the app site .
great fun for grandkids . we bought extra pegboards , beads , and ironing paper . kids spend hours having fun with all this stuff .
quality isn't the greatest , expected more based on price and review . but i guess it will do . my daughter loves it .
definitely more challenging and time occupying than lego's ... if you kid is ready to upgrade this is the right toy ;)
these were a christmas gift and the kids love em . they immediately started a game and left presents unopened until the game was over ! !
great christmas present ! our grandson loves batman and when he opened it he started playing with it as soon as possible !
very cute for what it is ... a kids toy diaper bag . would recommend it to someone else . can't wait to see my daughter play with it .
these are wonderful to have around . every now and then we design a track that needs the double adapter ends . was happy to find these !
these are necessary for the mega elite gun so we had to have them . they work great and are easier to find than the smaller ones .
bought this for my co-workers daughters birthday and she loved it . looked very cute and and not cheap . it is a great price too !
i bought these for my daughters birthday and we loved them . they are so cute and they did their job :)
sent this my my 1 yr old nephew in california . got word from my brother that he loves it ... and so do all the neighbor kids !
we use these for painting and aqua doodle - they are great ! they clean up well with water and a little soap .
great for working with younger childern and motor skills . it's a great starter . helps with sorting colors too and hand eye coronation
these little plastic cubes do not connect to each other . they are like a bucket of dice . neutral rating . :)
another activity for kids that doesn't use batteries or keyboards ! and they like it ! !
yeah ! it holds my other lego sculpture together and simulates water . what more can i ask of this blue lego plate ?
was bummed there weren't markers and the pages didn't stay together . but , he colored them and didn't mind .
sooooo much fun ! ! ! . no problem with children playing inside house . rockets won t hurt anything . definitly a good purchase with lots of laughs
lots of fun ! my boys loved playing with it in their toy kitchen . bright , easy to clean . we even used them in the bathtub .
my granddaughter decided dinosaurs are the new favorite toys . the can sleep with these lovable animals and carry them from home to wherever - an instant , imaginative pastime
my grandchild love that . every time , while sitting and she come to get it and play with it for a while , plus with music .
this is a pretty nice produce me and the kids had fun with it i wish it had came with more than one set of dots
i thought i would receive more . i used for treasure and i should have used for an art project . i don't think i would buy again
granddaughter was so thrilled and it made our disneyland vacation even better having all the accessories before the trip . great
this beam box game has been a hit with my 5 year old . he loves all the players , including this heatwave
it is an inexpensive nerf gun . . . i have little boys .. . . this is a perfect addition to the arsenal of nerf guns in the garage .
once again , a great little wooden train . these are my son's favorite . perfect toy for a little boy who is obsessed with trains .
purchased these to use to play with playdough . strong plastic , very happy with products . i can see them lasting quite awhile .
easy to use . my toddler grandboys love it ! this is well built and whoever came up with the idea must have kids ! very worth buying !
if you have pirate lover he or she will love this chest . my son felt very important having this chest ! ! !
my 8 month old got this for christmas and loves it . sings itsy-bitsy spider which he loves . sometime it just won't shut off .
we got this to fill up a small inflatable pool and it works perfectly . i just wished the cord was longer .
santa brought this pink cutie to our house and the next day her front leg / claw broke off . super glue could not fix it .
there's not much to say about this item . it's just as described and works great for kids . delivered on time .
lovely . removable logs are great , but beware of risk to very small children who might try to ingest them . not for under two or three .
i basically bought this because of super dog . my son loves him but we can't find him anywhere . it's perfect !
i got this for a coworker for our office nerf battles when the bosses are in meetings , its great quality and very accurate .
not much to say here . nice product , simple and safe which was my concern . other than that there is not much to say of this .
works good my son loves it . it arrived on time as they said it would . it met all my expections
i got this for my nephew and he has a lot of fun . its like having a little pet , without the responsibility he he .
i purchased these to go in operation christmas child boxes . i've read that some kids really like to receive hot wheels .
present for a 5 year old who has been asking his mother for it . she says he is loving playing the game
we used this for bedtime and it was very useful especially when i first gave it to her . still use it for sleepy time .
got as a stuffer for easter basket for granddaughter - 6 in texas - got good reviews from them - haven't seen in person yet .
very well made with nicely cut pieces . unlike some brands , with ravensburger you can tell if a piece fits or not . beautiful picture !
i got 2 of theses for my brothers kids they both love them there girly so its prefect for them and anyone that likes pink or horses
trying to teach the grandkids about " old fashioned " toys . they loved trying the yo yo . this yo yowas as described .
this is the right size for little ones . very creative how everything fits in the right place . the chalk board isn't all that great though .
my grand son really enjoys playing with these legos these legos help his creative mind to build . he often mingles these with his other sets to be more creative
the packaged was not damaged so i am happy . this is a christmas gift for my daughter so it has not been opened yet .
we ordered this for christmas and it was a huge hit with my daughter ... and even myself ! great girl gift ! always being played with !
i wish these darned things were cheaper since we love to have a ton on hand but it's a good quality and arrived quickly . no complaints .
purchased as a gift and kept the granddaughters happy and busy over a holiday get together .
my grandson loves his game . he got it for christmas . easy to learn and fun to play with .. would recommend
for my grand daughter this will be a new way to color which he loves to do . and you can even het special dot art books to us .
nice idea but i don't know how they put the body together ... there are extra parts or overlapping parts . odd . these also finger print really easily .
it's a nice lego set . if you have it for older than 5 years old i would definitely buy additional set to have even more fun .
he has so much detail and looks completely awesome . just like the in-game character . looks great with my collection :)
with 6 boys we need lots of guns that don't do too much damage to each other or the house ... we love these
our grandkids little heads when the fall a sleep in the car wont flop over , now they can rest there head on this great invention
two grandsons ages 3 and 4 love these toys . they're kept at grandma's house for them to enjoy when they're here .
my son loves this book . it's our fave . i should've bought two as he likes it so much . would recommend to a friend .
would recommend for a pre school in teaching abc's . this also teaches them colors . very easy to handle for small hands ;
it worked great for learning what things look like close up and the light helps if you are looking in the dark .
this is a wonderful toy for children with learning disabilities or delayed speech . i would highly recommend it .
the only thing , it is a duel launcher with one car , how can you duel - need at least two cars .
i buy this product for my son , the material is good and resintant , but it ` s littlei i belived that this were big .
i really like the body on this particular doll . i like the pink hair and the clothing . i would like to see a sweet 1600 ghoulia !
i got this for my 3yro and it very hard to get the balls in the mouth , even for adults . it's not made to well .
this is an adorable stylish outfit for a doll . it also goes with the sparkly sweatshirt and boots that i purchased .
this is our favorite tag book ! ! ! if you have a princess at home you need this book first !
good quality only thing it looks like his eye brows were hot glued to the plush but other then that it looks pretty good my son loves it
a great addition to my grandsons pokemon games . he will be thrilled when he opens the on christmas day . good quality
these puzzles are such great quality . i'd highly recommend the ravensburger puzzles . my 6 year old loved this puzzle . great gift .
this is a great product . it is safe and lots of fun . my children are thrilled and love playing on it .
i don't know who loves this toy more--the kids or the dogs ! toy seems to be well constructed . we love it .
a must have for camping trips or outdoor activities , just crank and go ... ive even used it in power outages myself
looking for a monkey for my three year old grandson and this fit the bill . " george " has a place of honor in his room .
got them to day . already used half the bag . my granddaughter loves them because they glow green . i will buy more of them .
i've incorporated it into our homeschooling activities by adding pictures of masterpieces and my own game-card questions . it's a fun memory game .
came quickly and my son loves " cars " so great purchase . he plays with it with his other hot wheels cars .
cute christmas present just jumps and hops around but my 5 year old daughter loves it . its cute and smal alittle irratating to adults .
love this ice cream set . we don't have the table that it technically " goes " with , but it doesn't matter . young kids love it .
just ask my grand daughter , this doll's her new all time favorite , and i got another star in grandpa rankings .
cool puzzle ... a great way to learn . id love to see a more detailed map of mexico and the caribbean in a new puzzle
eh ... it's nice because it's non toxic and it is cute . fave if as a gift . not fabulous but cute . yup
very nice doll . i just wish she came with more accessories , like feeding bottles , or toys , shoot , even some lip gloss might be fun .
gel skin cover fits snug and protects our leappad ultra without being bulky or getting in the way . fun color too !
i really recommend this toy as your child will really use it and it interacts with the ipad . good quality and really pretty
just a basic plastic character but tweak survives rough baths with my toddler just fine . all his octonauts are well loved and can take toddler destruction .
my kids absolutely love this game , it is a lot of fun and easy enough for my youngest to understand how to play
bought to use with our melissa & doug train track set and it works great . you can actually build two separate tunnels with it . great piece .
this microscope is outstanding . we have no complaints , because the price was right too . i am amazed at how much it magnifies .
this set was a lot of fun to put together . it holds up well and the kids had a great time with it ! great lego set
another toy for my grandson andre . he wanted this and really enjoyed it . this was coupled with another game and arrived in time and well packaged .
yes the price is high but worth it ! this will last thru my son's kids . he loves it and perfect for any barn lover !
similar to apples to apples but lots more fun - adults and kids alike had a good time playing - highly recommend !
this is a very cute idea , a toy and blanket combined in one . wish the blanket was a little bigger tho .
the lord of the rings a great soldier pack . like hope more concessions ! thank you . i will continue to pay close attention to the amazon
i really like this doll , but had never seen this model . i found very little . more worth it ! i love the wood !
ordered this last year but it was out of stock . the older boys had fun playing with it for christmas
my only complaint would be that there is no off button , otherwise it's a great toy . my children love it .
great classic toy , still as well made as it ever was . who doesn't love the rubik's cube ? my kids love this .
the little grandkids really like the challange . it is very well made , which is good as the older ones like to try also .
my room mate and i had a blast with these nerf guns . we ordered almost every one on amazon ! wooo !
purchased these thinking smaller fingers would be better with these but not the case . would not do again for the added cost . regular crayons are just fine .
i bought this together with the optimus prime and they are absolutely worth every pennyyou cant go wrong ! !
this is a gift for my granddaughter and i know she will love it . she loves anything for her american girl doll . good price .
we handed these cute little ducks out as party gifts for my son's pirate party . they were the perfect size and all very cute
this pogo stick is a little hard to work , which makes it difficult for anyone under 75 pounds or so to make it jump .
bought it for a christmas gift , and it did not disappoint . the car fits two mini-figs , and the whole wall on the camper swings out .
little snug but she still had a great time playing with her turtle friend should list a weight or size limit .
these card holders loose their tightness quickly . we used them for four weeks and only one still works . i would not recommend .
really fun to play it , durable , easy to fly indoor or outdoor , quite strong to fight wind . got it at a good sale price too .
great hit when it was opened by my grandson on christmas . it was a little difficult to put together , but once achieved , it worked great .
my 18 month old loves anything with wheels and anything you can put stuff in and push around . so this was prefect for him !
used for a night party and they were a hit with the kids ! a lot of bracelets for your money and they lasted for hours !
great idea for a first remote control toy for younger children . my toddler loves this . it seems really durable too .
my 5 year old daughter was so excited to receive this unicorn . it is very sturdy . it does have a lot of small parts that come off .
kids love these - really not much else to say about them . i have several different sets in my daycare , and they get heavy use .
this is one of the nicest sets of animals i have ever seen . my children love to play with these . good quality !
this was a christmas present for my kids . they love this game ! they play it for hours at a time ! i would definitely recommend this game .
really keeps the little ones busy and super cute , but smaller than expected ... i'd say good for ages 9months to 3 years .
i should have listened to other reviewers . this is nothing more than a set of colorful flashcards . don't waste money on this game .
great price , fast delivery . grandchildren love thomas the train and all the extras that go with it and requested this for christmas .
i love puzzles and this one is fun . hard ? yes . challenging ? yes . but in the end it is worth it .
i play this with my three year old . she loves it . it's a great way for her to learn patience , taking turns , winning and losing .
this toothless is so cute and his little growls and noises just add to it . he helped make one little girl quite happy this past xmas !
legos always go over well in my house , and this one was no exception . especially if you are also a star wars fan !
my kids loved this up until about 22 months , and then it became something to climb on instead of something to stand at and play with .
it comes with a monster to creat ( no face or other tatoos ) , and many tatoos for face , arms , legs and body .
perfect for your little artist that goes thru paper like its going out of style ! . . . . .
voice recording is a cool feature and keeps my daughter entertained . limited range of motion in the arms and legs .
the harrisville designs potholder loops are the best . they are just the right size , great colors , and make potholders that work really well !
husband loves it , and so does my son . they play it a lot . very happy with it . new in box
bought this as a christmas gift , hoping this will make learning geography in school more interesting for my grandchildren , they love the graphics
fits my granddaughter's american girl and madame alexander dolls perfectly . really cute outfit ( separately bought the shoes that matched . a big hit with my granddaughter .
my step son wanted this for christmas he saw it on tv and wanted it so bad ! =] definitely getting one for my daughter !
ravensburger puzzles are some of the best . i love the look , colors , and the age is always spot on . we buy a ton of these !
we got this story last year for my almost two year old son for christmas . it is cute enough but my son never plays with it
my son has been wanting this figure and i finally got it for him . great quality and good detail . a nice purchase for all .
my son has carried it around in his back pack for a few weeks and it has held up well . well made set
we thought the blocks were bigger , but my 2yr old likes to build things with the blocks , it keeps him very occupied .
this was a gift for my grandson for christmas , very cute and baby friendly . i would recommend this product to my friends .
love the way this light works ! it has 3 light levels and turns off when not in use for an extended period of time .
fun for my five year old girl and also for daddy and grandpa ! ! her favorite toy on christmas morning . shoots far !
bought for my star wars loving nephew . it was well received and brought back some great memories of hours of fun playing trouble as a kid .
my 5 year old loves both star wars and angry birds , perfect gift . he loves this and they are a good size
these are awesome ! i have them on my wall in my office so when people come in they know they have to be on their best behavior !
doesn't use all the alphabet letters but my toddler and preschooler have had fun playing it ; we use m & ms instead for markers
don't get me wrong , our family loves tinsel , our elf , but seriously ? would that little scrap of fabric have been that much trouble to include ?
this is a great way to save money and please the kids at the same time ! ! they get plenty of rubber bands and clips to make bracelets .
my little girl loved this . easy to build and fun to play with .
my toddler has a blast playing the hand bells . she loves the sounds they make and i have fun playing the songs provided .
my daughter really loved this item . great for a child's creativity . portable and so easy to play with . we highly suggest this item !
grandson loves to play this on his leappad . has shown his brother how to play . they seem to love it .
great collectible , sure to be a classic , sitting in box in my man cave , waiting for the rest of the league !
we have collected all of these . my daughter loves them . we have quality time when we build these . thank you
my daughter got this for her birthday and her eyes lit up so big when she unpacked it ! its huge and she loves it !
my daughter will love this doll .. shes wanted 1 for a long time .. she will be very happy come christmas time
my 6 year old grandson loves this . it does not do much but he doesn't seem to care as he jails the enemy . lol
these decorations are exactly as advertised . no assemby required . just unpackage them and hang them up . they added a nice touch to the birthday decorations .
nice addition . bookshelf and bunk beds don't fit well in some areas in the home . lots of accessories and space to put them .
makes an annoying sound , which i love to inflict on my fellow teachers . hard to position for launching due to small finger pockets .
my grandson loves to watch jake on tv so he will have alot of fun with the pirate ship . thanks
thanks doll super very beautiful , the price is great . parcel arrived as put everything very quickly . we will continue to gather a collection ) happy baby )
i got this for a pool party . great looks , but almost half of them didn't work or broke after a couple hours of playing with it .
this is a great office distraction . something to make working at a desk remotely interesting ! i am happy with it , for the price .
these tools are neat because they are like mini versions of adult tools , not cheap plastic like a lot of kids ' garden tools . definitely recommend !
my grandson loved this elmo when he got it . it entertained him many hours on end as did several other elmo toys .
i always compare shop on my amazon app at the store for lego items , and amazon always has a better price !
my 2.5 year old daughter loves this puzzle . she has quite a few of m & d puzzles & this one is just as great .
ordered for a hawaiian themed bday party and they did the job just fine . a ton of lei's so that everyone could have their pick of colors .
start with the toddler for shapes and numbers , they will be familiar with a clock by the time it is time to tell time .
spongebob squarepants is i love set , i hope there will be more concessions . thank you . i will continue to focus on amazon
the quality of these puzzle books are better than described ! very excited to wrap and give these to our special family
just perfect for our two year old construction vehicle theme and each child wore them they fit perfect and it sure went with our theme ,
pros - non-toxic and safe for mostly all agescute color brushesdifferent texture brushescons - brushes could be sturdier . a few brushes may eventually snap in half
i guess i expected a larger model rather than a small die sample like this for a 2 year old .
melissa & doug magnetic wooden numbers are a great learning tool for young children . fun and educational makes them a very good choice .
bought as a gift for my seven year old niece . she loved it ! seemed to be good quality . :) ! ! !
these puzzles are fun and easy for little hands to maneuver . my 2 and 4 year old have had a lot of fun playing with this wooden puzzle .
gave to our granddughter 2 yrs old . she loved the fruit and being able tocut it with the knife and put it back together . big hit ...
this is a good book . it is interactive and has lots of things to put tag jr over . overall , i would buy again .
very cute set . a little pricey , but all legos are . my son really like the facts that it comes with three sharks .
great game . it makes for a really good gift to someone and the whole family can play it . very great game .
my nephew loved it ... thank u so much for the stuff . he was so very excited to receive it and the anticipation was well awarded .
this is probably the worst game i invested in . it doesn't keep my son's attention . i wish i didn't invest my money .
kids love to bounce around the house on this . made of quality rubber and holds up well . my 80lb kid plays on it some and does fine .
my 13 month old daughter loves this toy . it's pretty , and educational . this toy holds her interest for quite awhile .
i bought this for my 7 year old son and he loves it . great activity and kept him busy for a couple hours .
less than one year of use and this is broken beyond repair . it was cool while it worked , though . user was 6 years old .
my kids had such fun with these animals ! not only did it help them learning about the different animals but they also such fun mis-matching them too !
girls loves her violet dog and the books . plays with it and listens to books , i wish i had ordered frustration-free packaging , wow really anchored in .
my 4 yr old grandson loves this and really feels like a doctor when he wears it . it washes very well and is well made .
it is made of metal , but the squares do pop out easily , which it is probably supposed to do , but not great for younger kids .
this is it ! nothing special , but it keeps the attention of kids and makes a nice stocking stuffer of birthday gift bag addition .
my two little girls love bloks and hello kitty and they have really enjoyed playing with their new toy . thanks !
really unique and beautiful dragon . my dragon loving boys will have great fun playing with it after it's opened up at christmas .
this leapfrog leappad game is great for all the little phineas and ferb lovers in your life :) my little one loves it !
my kids love this almost as much as i do . it saves your fingers and make balloons a cinch to fill .
my grandson holds the pencil all the time and wants to write with it . heis so excited to have the gift of a huge pencil
i love this game . it is highly addicting by the way so be careful :d it will keep you laughing all night .
slinky is so much fun . it is a great product and i always preferred the metal slinky to the plastic one .
i have not bought this because i was a little disappointed that you could not us it with a tablet
just as shown and described .. got these for gift bags and was able to have some for girls , and some for boys .. get them !
bought this as a gift for my niece , she got thrilled . in my opinion the doll's costume isn't so beatiful as shown in the picture .
i got this for christmas for my 2 year old . she loves it . she uses the little pick and plays it .
we played this over the holidays , ages 6 thru 57 we had so much fun and laughed.great gift for a family game
our baby truly had hours of enjoyment from this discovery ball . very , very high quality . a good choice for any baby . dame hilda
the perfect set for my 3 year old grandson . he loves it and could play with the legos for hours .
great my son loved it and its easy to put it together . need to buy a mattress . plastic but cool
we gave this to my 16 month old great niece as a present and she immediately put the bottle into the mouth of the doll we gave her !
the classroom frankie playset doll is a lovely edition to my ever growing monster high collection . her coffin locker is too cute .
this figurine is not very big , does look like the image , it does have problems standing up on it's own , great for play .
this game is tons of fun ! great for ages 10 and up . lets you really find out how well you communicate with people !
i purchased this as a gift and the kids really like it . product as described . fun for all ages , young and old .
my grandson was very happy when i gave him this lego star wars and i will purchased them again for him .
great little helicopter . my grandchildren are having fun with it . very durable and easy to use . cant beat the price to that much technology .
seems to work generally well , but is too bulky for convenient carrying . didn't fit in the inno tab storage tote that it was sent with .
was an easy sell for me ! matches the other paper supplies i ordered and the price was awesome . arrived on time and i'm pleased
i bought this game hoping to play it with friends , but to my amazement my non-gamer wife saw it and asked to play it ! awesome !
love the large knobs for smaller children to handle and easy to place in spaces provided . cute puzzle would recommand for any child
these are not reusable stickers , but my kids ( ages 2 and 3 ) had fun using this anyway . great ' quiet ' activity .
my son loved his cards . this pack had some duplicate cards but that's ok these are the ones that he trades with his friends .
superior spiderman comes with 2 pairs hands . web twipping hands and semi grabbing hands.comes with ultimate green goblin build-a-figure . a must have for a spidey fan
my 2 1/2 year old loves everything minnie and this sing & giggle was no exception ! she loves to tickle minnie's belly to hear her sing .
it tells you so in the description , but it's still smaller than i expected . still works great and tons of fun though !
this was a christmas gift for a grandson . he loves it . a year later and he is still dragging it around and it is in great shape .
i'm not sure how my grand-daughter likes this item as it was a christmas gift and wasn't assembled when they left .
this doll is so freaky fab ; a real must for any true monster high fan or collector ! buy this doll !
my children love it - definitely a keeper - will be buying more of these . great deal ! good quality ! ! love it !
wow this is a lot of bands they seam really great i can't wait til my granddaughters see these at christmas .
got these as for my grandson a couple of months ago . nice original crayons from crayola . just like when i was a little girl .
so far my kids play constantly with this doll along with all their other barbies and it has not fallen apart yet . so far so good .
great for the little ones . got it for a toy drive . i know whomever gets it will enjoy cuddling and playing with it .
this is a fun little game that can be used for color and counting . my kids aged 2 and 6 both seem to enjoy it !
my grand daughter loved her pocahontas doll . the quality seems very good and i know she will have many hours of fun with her doll .
apparently i have the same sense of humor as my 10 year old because we both think this is hilarious .
is a great toy , i collect lego and this is a good one for that , arrive complete and with some piece to replace
my stepdaughter is only a few weeks younger than my daughter and they played with this for a good hr or 2 with thier babydolls !
bought this as a travel game . quite challenging but lots of fun . all ages enjoy , down to my youngest at 4 .
kids who i treat love to read all the optical illusion books . this was great because it had the projects so they could understand it even more .
as with all lego friends this was of great quality with great instructions ! it is very cute when assembled and has lots of great details and features .
but my grandson loves the program and all the gup toys . he loves to play with them all the time .
love it for our little girls , fun to play with them and allow them to find the elf every morning .
my daughter can be engaged with this toy for a good amount of time . it's a good toy to have !
great christmas gift for older grandson . he loved it , and was eager to get it home so he could build it .
great price for a bad guy to go with the ninja turtles . this will thrill my 3 year old grandson .
my 18 month old son loves his new dinosaur plush . it is big enough to be a fun toy but not overwhelmingly big .
has four different games . one like the classic version . kids enjoy playing it ( ages 7 and 11 ) . takes a lot of batteries !
great for race tracks and my daughter enjoys the people inside the cars . brightly colored and no sharp edges . i would recommend this product !
it was a great deal buy this toy , meet my daughter expectations and very good materials , all was as i requeired
great - grandson lives out of state and i don't get to see him very often , but was told he liked the phone very much .
this microphone was a good gift . its has a little static but daughter loves it anyway . encourages child to participate in singing .
my son and i both adore this you . he plays with it happily all the time and i love how durable and fun it is .
bought this for niece for b-day and she loved it . melissa and doug is a good solid brand . this worked .
got this for my 3 year old and both my girls play with it . not a bad price for as much use we've been getting out of it .
we couldn't find the elsa doll in stores , so my daughter was ecstatic when we found it here . she loves it !
i bought this for my kids who are obsessed with the moon . this is a piece of junk and they ask me why i bought it .
another remote controlled bug - this one spins if you get it in the right place.it does walk , and it's fun for awhile .
again this item i purchased for a 3 year olds pirate birthday party.was a big hit with the kids !
great condition , arrived on time to my mailbox in miami and my kid is in love with her new princess celestia . thank you !
my nephew loves dinos and this was a terrific xmas gift ! he loved it ~ everythign was very easy to put to gether
so cute ! ! ! bought for 15 month old and he loves it . lots of fun sounds and interactive . great toy for toddlers .
this has been a great toy for my 2 year old . he loves using it with his new little people farm .
just starting to collect duplo blocks for my granddaughter . she has really enjoyed this set . plan to continue buying these kinds of sets for her .
this is a fun game for 2.5 year and upit is a great way to do shapes , learn board gamesit is a good find
this is a great game that i remember as a child ! i bought a variety of games for the times my grandson is here at granma's
bought this for my son for christmas , he loved it ! ! has stood the abuse and use of a very typical boy ! !
fun product for the young at heart . our grandson is getting a play kitchen for christmas and this will make a great addition to it .
loved it , i just ordered a second one for a gift for x-mas to put in a stocking . hope he likes it !
this is the perfect plush to buy for any waluigi fan ! it looks like he jumped out of the tv .
my grandson loves this so much . he cannot wait to read the book . leaning with leapfrog isthe awesome way to teach the love of growing with books .
i love all the duplo sets , it keeps my 20 month old entertained more than any other toy that she has .
it is a great game to be honest . and you should really consider to buy the upgrade packs to which you can get here -> http://amzn.to/1c5w1ph
this is a cute interactive " pet . " we are all enjoying the furbies ! ! ! and they enjoy interacting with each other too ! !
that's the first article my niece got in the mail and she was so excited about it . her doll needed a nightgown and it made her day .
my four year old grandson loves the crayola wonder books . i have bought him two now and he has enjoyed them both .
my granddaughter is going to love this ! its just so cute i can't wait till she opens it up she is going to be so surprised
great for our grandkids they are just getting started liking cars , the 9 pack was perfect to start with.he loves them .
this dog is a super star in my office . it is a nice ice breaker for difficult customers or an occasional gift to keep people smiling
my 23 month old son loves this toy . i have even found myself playing with it !
my daughter loves this doll ! she sleeps with her every night ! the quality is great , and it was a perfect birthday present .
just glance at her . she is so unique . you must get it if you collect the dolls . where were these dolls when i was growing up !
still a great toy after all these years . fischer-price needs to continue cranking out their old toys from years ago .
perfect for my rowdy 2 year old ! bonus my phone has a folio case so he feels like a big boy always copying mommy and daddy !
a stress ball that leaves you stressed as it doesn't last very long ... think of it as a $ 200 used car !
good piece of track i was unfamiliar with but is often needed in a train ' set up ' . provides more options for track layout design .
my 6 year old loves to draw and he can get very creative with these . we are happy with the purchase !
got this for my 6 year old son . he loves it . the characters are very well done and includes all accessories .
the lid will not stay on . so the sand is never dry and the lid is always in the ditch . wish i had never gotten it .
i love roses , and the person i painted this for does too . i'd love to paint this again if i could .
this is wonderful for a toddler to use . no worries about wall drawing with these markers . my grandchild loves to use markers and these have been perfect .
i bought this for my granddaughter's second birthday . she loves it and so does her brother and both have spent a lot of time with it !
the max and ruby beanie baby set is perfect for any little kid that loves them . my 2 year old daughter loves it ! !
do not buy these markers ! ! ! they stain clothes terribly and does not wash out . too expensive , certainly not worth it .
holds all her dolls and the coverlet and pillow are so sweet . it went together easily and looks good , too .
both my 5 & 7 year old girls enjoyed playing it . nice to have them disconnect from their electronics and play a real game !
so this is a cute case for the v tech thingy . it hold it well and makes for reasonable protection for a lame product .
laughs at gil because he is so silly and is always doing funny things . a great birthday gift and perfect for my little girl .
i like the dinos from gund , they hold up well to kids and dogs . i own all 4 , he loves them , which makes me happy .
bought this for my youngest granddaughter who loves everything disney , won't open till christmas so not sure how durable it is
this was the first monster high doll that my daughter received and she loves it . it is great quality and looks great .
very interesting and educational product . i just wish it came with the insects instead of having to send off the card and wait .
it's pink . it has hello kitty stamped on it . it works great . my little girl loves it . not much else to say .
my son likes spike and that's the most important thing . it's pretty durable .
while not a fan of all the character toys out there today , this one entertains my spiderman obsessed grand son for hours .
super cute and decent quality for the price . thank you oriental trading company . used this for a birthday party - in a piñata .
my daughter got this for christmas and loves it . the entire outfit fits her ag doll perfectly . arrived quickly and exactly what we ordered .
i bought this for my 2 year old nephew and didn't realize it was a craft set . very cute though !
present for nephew . he loves it . perfect for a bday or christmas present as its not just a part of a bigger gift ... its a gift
see my review about the wagon . this to is well built and grandson loves pulling both along , however , his mother uses the wagon just as much .
my daughter loves strawberry shortcake and this went really well with her berry cafe . she loves playing with the basket that goes up and down .
avery good floor puzzle - - it teaches a little bit of science - - about other planets , and is a very sturdy puzzle .
bought these for my 1 year old daughter . i love the idea they have girly colored blocks :-) safe , secure shipping
my nieces loved it as a christmas present . they were making tons of bracelets as soon as we let them !
these are ok . i mean their doll tights , so i can't be too excited ! honestly they are nice and well made , so im happy .
my grandson loves to play with these ! lots of parts , but lots of fun creating different things ! a + + great toy !
my 4 year old grand-daughter will sit and play with these for quite a while . she loves to mix up the outfits and creates different characters sometimes .
parents stated they liked it . took this to my l year old niece birthday party ... she is too young to tell me how she liked it ...
my son is learning how to tell time and has enjoyed learning the names of the shapes ! it is a great product !
they both play this game on different leapster products and they just can't get enough of it . i have even played it , it's fun anything for the kids
i ordered these for my 13 year-old baby sitter , who loves owls . she loved them . they are very cute ! and the price was excellent .
a younger take on farkle ! my 5 yr old grandchild loved it ! ! easy fun for the younger ones ! ! made for fun ! !
totally annoying for parents , but boys love it ! ... thats all there is to it ! kids think they are rock stars !
cute toy , and my son was soooo excited about it , but yoshi broke by the next day . he was so disappointed .
i have given several of these for gifts and the reviews are all the same everyone enjoys them and if children get them . dad wants one too .
this toy not only meets the seller's description , it is exactly as the previous reviewer's have stated . my little granddaughter thinks it is the realthing .
the moving parts fall off easy but if you super gluu the other parts it hold up well . fun and easy to build good product for price point
we got the ogre and the dragon and the castle ! all three were great and arrived before xmas and a low price as well .
this hopper has become a favored toy with the little one . it is the perfect size for her as a large four year old .
my grandson likes the turtles and the one brings much joy . we practice no weapons and fortunately this one fit the category .
adds alittle magic to any mythology collection . very durable with attention to detail and authenticity . well worth the money . any kid into mythology will love this .
i got this as part of a gift exchange for a friend's baby . she loves playing with it and it shipped quickly ! thanks !
this is a much better price then we found elsewhere and it is no less in quality than the more expensive versions .
really fun and really works . daughter loves it . she carried it to school with her every day for a while .
fits the need when you have two pieces of track comming together which had the same type of connectors . fit our thomas track pieces just fine .
amazing what the lego people come up with , nice set . bought for grandson for xmas , i know he'll love it
fit leap pad 2 perfectly great protection against short fall works well for my 4 year old daughter thank you !
this is another first birthday present for my great grand son . he plays with it inside and outside and likes it .
a lot of features for star wars fans . sounds and lights are great . makes it easy to reenact hoth battles .
my granddaughter finds it easy to hold . teaches the animals , colors , abc's , numbers , and different motor transportation . love these puzzles
the shoe look to be made well and are what i expected for an 18 inch doll , very cute . thank you
my goddaughter loves it ! i loved the $ 13 price tag even more ! ( i beat the rush and ordered it early )
good product , my son loves it , hes assembled and disassembled and then reassembled this item 10 times since christmas , i would call this a winning purchase .
the rescue bot is very easy to operate and the transformer can be quickly turned into a copter with just one click .
several of the monster high dolls that we've had with tails have issues with the tails coming off . so far we've had no trouble with this pair !
could not wait to buy her at kmart or walmart ... but the price online was ok.the doll is one of my grandkids favorites .
this is a fun toy for all ages . i keep it in my living room for family and friends to enjoy while they visit .
my granddaughter love this set . we have played with themfrequently . they are very colorful and durable . a great buy .
fun activity for my granddaughters . appropriate for their ages . good quality toy . plastic shapes do not tear easily . no other words
my four year old loves to play this game . i would recommend for sure . it's perfect for in car use during long trips :)
have not given this to my son yet but he will love it easter morning . he loves nemo and puzzle so cannot go wrong
the chuggington wooden trains are just great . my son just loves chuggington and playing with them when he watches the movies . the price and shipping were great .
i had 5 girls from ages 3 to 11 and they all enjoyed this on a snow day . kept them entertained for hours . will buy this again .
this is a really neat set of legos . my girls really enjoyed this set . you can't go wrong with legos .
this product is very good for learning shapes . my daughter loves this product . i would highly recommend this product to a friend .
i believe this to be a very helpful tool in my grandson learning to read . he loves the book and of course he wants more books .
my baby loves it . he gets a little nervous due to its feature of " always bendable " . the wooden finish is great .
great for my son and daughter when they were younger , they had so much fun and learning experience withthis item `
this is a cute toy but it does have some issues staying together . nothing a little hot glue can't fix . all in all my daughter loves is .
love this butterfly . my 8 yr old simply adores it . and she can use it as a night light as well . came right on time !
these are really good . hard plastic , parts move like the digger scoop , the buldozer tracks . a little small , but very good quality .
i purchased two of these one for each granddaughter . ages 5 and 7 . they both love it and play with it as much as mom allows .
we use this for my daughter at church so that she is quiet and still ! it is small so it doesn't distract there !
although these wooden pantry products are very durable , my 21 month granddaughter does not like them as much as the ones she can open .
great for stocking stuffer , add-on birthday gift or party favor . my 3 and 5 yr old daughters love ... it's lots of fun for all !
purchased for my 5 year old daughters birthday . i like how the clothes don't come off , but you can still change her outfit . beautiful doll !
this is a great game . it does not take up a lot of space . we love this game . buy it !
this was another requested christmas gift for andre . he certainly had a lot of fun with it . poor grandpa was nailed plenty !
i got for my daughter for christmas . she takes these in the car , and enjoys working with it . thank you much !
this was a christmas present for my nephew , upon opening it my sister and i were rolling on the floor ... it is hilarious .
my 4 yr old and 16 month old play with the bacave all of the time . it is easily his best christmas present !
he spends hours in this just playing and drawing , so i had to invest in rechargable batteries . it was either that or buying in bulk quantities .
i thought the price was good , the blocks do seem a little small , nice carrying case .
this is a nice thomas train that works on the wooden railway and most wooden train tracks that i have found
i bought these for my daughter's first birthday because she loves to play in the kitchen while i cook . she has thoroughly enjoyed playing with them .
this is a fun rc car and very easy to use does great on hard wood floors and small road and some rugs
my kid can interact with this activity for many hours , especially during long trips . easy to navigate and learn . sparks creativity , encouragement , and imagination .
at first the had a bad smell but i left them out of their bag for a couple of days and they were ready to go !
these are such great brushes for the little hands to hold . this is not what you can usually find in the stores .
fits american girls dolls good and not as expensive as the brand name doll clothes . good quality of materials to stand up to kids usage
my sons been waiting for more of these so he can play with his bow . he loves them
i got this set for my 8 year old and 7 year old boys , and they love them . the dinosaurs and toy soldiers have had many wars :)
8 year old granddaughter collects penguins and this was a chick that was missing from her collection she likes it very much
great toy , it looks and is made great , stands up very well to hard playing ...
this toy helps children see how things are put together . it is well made and easy to build and take apart .
i purchased this as a gift . the 8 year old is a monster high fan and this was a great addition to her collection
these go well with everything in my dolls closet . easy to put on the doll . this is the kind of shoes i wore when i was young .
this is a great toy to teach young kids to walk better . thanks , amazon , for having this for a grandson who was learning to walk .
grandson loved this ! he wore this to the childrens museum in indy and he thought he was cool ! he is 5 years old
she hasn't received this gift yet , but she wanted it . it is a nice size for the car when traveling for her to play with .
quick and simple project , yet practical and satisfying . helps a even a very young child understand the basic concept of how electricity is produced .
our granddaughter loves this . she is only 1 year old but she can hold on & walk with her stroller :)
got this for a sweet little guy who just loves dinoasurs ! while it is hard to picture this triceratops as threatening , it became a cuddle friend .
my daughter recieved a leappad 2 for christmas and i ordered this to go with it , she loves it . it fits all her games and pad great .
this is a great bag of balloons . we've had others not nearly as good in quality and this is the best price for the quantity .
this is my 3yo daughter's favorite toy as she is horse crazy . the figures were a good size and quality and merida rides the horse no problem .
my second one . can't wait to use it with my friend tomorrow . i have a playdate coming after school so excited
they don't really fly to well , which is expected , they are pretty small also . but some kids will enjoy it .
this is a great easel . very sturdy and large . my son has played with this every day . it wasn't too terrible hard to put together either .
this toy is one of my son's favorites . it's durable and colorful . none of the pegs can get lost . love it !
my daughter loved this and it is good for any age girl . only for 2 chairs small table but cute .
tub toy alert.love this , grandson loves it . and even better its a green product.very well made , solid , and nice colors
these tiny little guns really shoot far and accurately . we bought six of them for the grandkids on christmas eve and it was a real shoot out ! !
my grandson asked for this for christmas and he loves it . it is made well and goes with the rest of his police toys .
cute costume . easy to put on and take off for a young child . would recommend to someone else . thank you .
very nice plush , with excellent colours and detail and also sound . my son loved it , maybe the best alien angry bird .
very cute ! my daughter loves playing with the set . we got it at r o s s for twenty five dollars .
as described and it completes my daughters dora collection . she doesn't play with jaguar as much though . she like tho throw him at me instead . lol .
i just received this for my 2 year old granddaughter for christmas and it is bright and cute and i can't wait to help her cook with it !
bought for my 5 year old nephew . great toy ! ! he loves it ! stickers were great and easy to open the mystery machine .
this is a very nice toddler puzzle . the pegs make it easy for little hands , and fun teaching tool . a hit with my grandson .
my grandson loves legos . this is a perfect gift plus the fun of the build . we have quite the collection .
this is a high quality easel , i like that both my children can play at the same time , the try underneath is wonderful .
my teenager really had a good time making these things and he actually learned a thing or two so everyone is happy
this is , so far , the best transformer i have . it's just amazing , i love dragons , and this is now my favorite .
i just wanted a simple gizmo toy . but one that sings is awesome . it actually sound really good , unlike hundreds of horrible sounding toys that talk .
love the hide and seek of objects . enables students to learn what items and things go together . doors must be able to close nicely
easy to play and nice loud music quality . my grandchildren love to play it and march around the house with it .
i bought this for my granddaughter and she enjoys playing it with friends and family . fun and exciting way to spend time together
pricey and doesn't hold up well to the rough play someone would expect a bow and arrow to receive . think about it .
my 3 year old loves it on her swing set . it works really well and havent had any pinched fingers .
i ordered one extra replacement battery for my mjx f645 f45 helicopter just to have on hand incase of the original battery failure , i won't be grounded !
great little set . first to include four minifgures of different designs . use it as a booster with the battle of endor set to recreate the battle scene .
has the looks , but not the functionality or lasting power required for real h2o combat . price was better than what i could find in my area .
all four of my granddaughters are very artistic and talented . anything that keeps them engaged other than video games is a real plus in my estimation .
the images are hard to erase compared to the non-travel model . if you are choose between the two , get the other one .
this was a christmas gift , so as far as i know it was ok , i have not heard any complaints .
got this for my son when he was 2 . he enjoyed playing with these while taking his bath . they stick better to walls than to tiles .
my kid loved the little animals but didn't like the idea of stringing them . colors are not true to animals . but i wish i wouldn't have returned .
we used these at our friends elvis vegas wedding . they were easy to pack and repack when it was time to fly home !
bought this as a gift for my niece cause my daughter has one and she loves her new babydoll ! made her christmas :)
my 4 year old plays this with her 6 and 8 year old cousins and they all love it equally !
my 6 yr . old loves this . i even bought her another refill pack . she gives them as gifts . very cute
nice little chair , and it fits the disney toddler dolls . only flaw is that the real baby wants to sit in it too !
this gave me a nasty jolt when my son tried it on me . i got angry . it wasn't funny at all .
cute toy ! my 6 year old son loves this pirate chest . it is one of the few toys he actually plays with .
just love melissa and doug products ! the quality of this is awesome and bought it at a good price . great for using your imagination !
would have given splinter 5 stars but the cost to buy himmade me choose 4 stars instead . made a great christmaspresent .
the slippers were delivered on time.they are well made and very cute.the slippers put a smile on a little girls face . i would buy them again .
love the little people disney princesses - my daughter is 4yrs old now and still loves this whole set - plays with it daily .
cute and perfect for toddlers . the price can't be beat so if you lose some of them it's not a big deal
material and construction is good quality . not as large as i thought it would be , and the sound is barely audible .
this doll goes perfectly with her big sister misty mysterious . it's so cute and so durable . must have for your lalaloopsy collection .
lots of detail in this cruise ship . i don't think that it is worth $ 90 like some places are charging but it is a good set .
my daughter loves this little plush toy . i thought it was bigger but it worked out just fine . she combs the hair . loves it .
this game is okay , although he loves phineas & ferb it really doesn't hold my oldest son's attention so he doesn't play it too often .
overall very cute . daddy stepped on it a few days later and the entire thing broke . guess the kids will learn to pick up their toys now ..
my little girl loved these minis . she even gives them kisses and baths . if your child likes toy story i would recomend '
very nice face paint brushes.but be sure to use safe face paints for the little ones ! check out my review of snazaroo paints elsewhere .
my three year old niece thought this was great , slept with the teapot for a while ...
my granddaughter loves these she wears it outside and looks for a buy and sits and gives it a name and talks to them like a pet * lol *
perfect for my four year old ! very simple tricks that were easy for him to learn . sturdy , quality product as expected from m & d .
spectra's design is amazing and i adore the translucent plastic . great for ghost fans everywhere and collectors . her pet is also too cute
my daughter loves this bed and was ecstatic to add it to her monster high doll house to be slept in by her ghouls .
love this doll and my daughter does too . was able to get a great lightning deal on amazon . probably would not have paid full price for it .
pieces were a lot smaller than expected , but quite enjoyable anyway.the directions were helpful , and little fingers will develop more dexterity as time goes on
this was exactly what my v911 needed . installed easily and was back flying in no time . keep one for a spare .
my kids enjoyed this science kit . the kids love science and this was a good tool to teach electricity and how it works .
was cool until it just broke down an stoped working ! tryed changing batteries but that wasent the problem . it just stoped randomly my daughter is so disapointed
this was my granddaughter's birthday gift , she loves it . it arrived just when i expected to . i love amazon and trust it completely .
my young sons love all the geo puzzles . its a great way to learn geography . they take them apart and put them back together a few times .
we bought this as a stocking stuffer for our daughter last christmas and we have gotten lots of playing time out of it .
my kids love playing webkinz and this little guy was a perfect addition to their collection . he was cute and wonderful !
not so big , fits any small room and has a great size for todllers ( my boy is 4 ) . very good price.sturdy and light to carry .
oh my ! how many more collections can one child have ? ! ? just when i think ahe has them all , another series !
these brownies look very realistic . my daughter received these as a xmas gift this year . she loves them . she has been cooking brownies ever since :) .
another birthday gift that i remember having fun with when i was a kid so i'm hoping he does , too
her pink hair , her boots and her bag are simply very nice , is a great product and i will say it to my friends
these are super fun ! goofy faces make the play even more interactive . if your child likes bob the builder , this is a great set .
perfect gift for the duck dynasty fans ! haven't played it yet , since it is a gift , but so far i am very happy with this purchase .
my son loves this ... i only wish the cord was a wee bit longer for placement on the wall per this went into a themed bedroom .
our baby was too small when i'd ordered this for her , but as she got older she enjoyed it . i like learning toys a lot .
ordered for a little boy who loves star wars @ he really did like it alot . wants me to order more .
this elmo is fantastic my ggrandson almost 1 and his momma my granddaughter love him he is beautiful and funny
two years later and it has done a great job of protecting our toddler ’ s leappad which he swears by . it fits 8 games inside as well .
granddaughter got this for her birthday in october . she loves sponge bob and sequin kites , so it was a hit .
i purchased this as a gift for a friend's daughter's 2nd year birthday . she was very happy with the present so i take that as a good thing .
fun little collectible . i have a small collection of these from different shows / games / comics . they fun , unique , and most importantly affordable collectibles .
my 14 yr . old step son received this gaming chair for christmas . he is very pleased by how attractive , comfortable , and portable it is .
what can i say about monopoly ? it's a board game that arrived in good condition . there's nothing else to say .
now is my grandson's favorite of all his board games and he has many looking forward to all the expansions available
they just keep coming out with awsome figures all the time . merle dixon is cool and fits right along with daryl .
i watched as my daughters eyes lit up and she screamed her excitement upon receiving this lego set ... she had it built within two hours .
very cute baby doll cradle . kidkraft comes through again with a great quality product . very easy to assemble , took less than 5 minutes .
younger children get the concept . we had 6,7 , 8,9 year olds playing together . we enjoyed it but we prefer some other games more .
i hate the battery operated ones because they are metal and start looking crappy faster . but , my son loves those most of all
my grandson loves them and he belongs to a club and there enjoy looking at them and trading themkeep up good work .
these blocks are really well made and the theme is super cute for the baby of a scientist ! other uncle goose brand blocks are just as nice !
my little cousin is going to love this , she loves to paint and draw and color , cant wait for christmas !
gave these with the 1st set ... huge hit with my 2 1/2 year old niece . she spent hours playing with the characters and building her structures .
i grand daughter loves these . they bend and since they are currently her favorite characters they are getting lots of attention .
my grandson wanted a minecraft christmas and was thrilled with this and the other mine craft items he received for christmas
this was a great addition to our kitchen . the children have fun with it . it has held up very well .
my son was not really into this . ended up donating it in perfect condition . usually i love melissa and doug toys .
two little weebles - we bought as a replacement for the weeble we lost in our treehouse . they work well .
i wanted my grandson to have one of these , it really didn't impress him at all , i still enjoy them .
my grandson enjoys this toy . his mother does not ... but it feels my heart with joy to watch him play with it .
love lego friends ! the instructions are clear and easy to follow . my daughter is 7 and was able to build this with little or no help .
love it love it love it love it love it love it love it great gift.ttoo too many words
this tmnt toy is one of the strangest looking figuresso the kids seem to really like it a lot .
this is a very cute candle ! i'm always afraid things look better online and this lives up to the picture .
adorable and perfect for my 2 y / o grand daughter . she loves it ! !
i got this with the salad mix kit and both are excellent and i would whole heartedly recommend both . they are perfect for pretend play and educational play .
perfect for older children who like to color but are to old for normal coloring books . its fun watching the pictures come to life .
since i bought the whole set , i am pleased with them all ! my 6 year old grandson will enjoy these added to his imagination !
my little daughter loves them , she loves to color and they are perfect for her lil hands thank you she loves them
we loved the little guys - - my grand kids loved them-thank you very muchmy grand daughter collect themhappy new year
got this for my son , he loves thomas and thomas items . he plays with them and carries them around the house .
i bought this because it is a melissa and mike product . i was not disappointed . i would buy it again .
my niece loves it . of all the things at her first birthday , she gravitated to this and kept coming back to it !
both my daughters love playing teacher and enjoy using this set . it was larger than i expected but folds nice to put away when done .
grat quality cards . toddler friendly . i am sure my great grand daughter will learn her letters and animals very quickly with this aide .
i did purchase this as a gift , not sure about the age group this is for my opinion is way to young for walking dead stuff .
this is a gift for my grandson for christmas . he already has some mega blocks so i'm sure he will love this .
i bought this for my son for christmas he wanted a nerf gun so i bought that and these extra darts .
the extra ammo is great to have . these work well in everything except the clip system . the whistlers are a great effect to any nerf war .
this is just like the operation game you had as a kid , but with the doc theme . my daughter loves to play this game !
very cute little set to go with the talon castle set . my 4 yr old loves it ! i recommend it to any imaginext fan !
great value ! i got this as a birthday gift for me 4 year old niece and she just loves it !
this doll is very cute , and if you have the bigger doll , you have to get the baby sister . the price was good as well .
bought this for my nephew to go with a skylanders blanket . he enjoyed it , however it was hard to squeeze and hard to understand .
just wished it was a little bigger but overall works great for time outs . i will keep it but next time look for something bigger
absolutely adorable game ! ! fun to put together - and strategy needed ! ! it's cops vs . robbers - we like playing in teams .
love the colors on this toy must have for marvel fans out their nice articulation on this toy buy it dudes
cute and colorful ! haven't used it yet but i will next month ! the kids will love it at the b-day party !
arrived super fast , in original packaging . i suggest a gift bag with tissue paper for gift wrapping , as the box has an odd shape .
these magnetic toys are great in general , and well-priced for gift giving . this horse is a very cute addition to the line .
just wish legos worn't so expensive . they are a great tool for creativity and imagination for little girls of all ages .
my 5 year old daughter loves playing with these . they are made well and the magnets are very strong , adults can have some fun with them too .
i love the detail of this set ! looks fantastic . i will most likely look to buy all of these sets .
my son loves it . we have so much fun building all his legos ! i am sure we will be ordering more soon .
purchased for my three year old son . he just loves it ! made perfectly for small hands and the light is just the best !
my 3 yr old loves cars and toy story so thought this would be a great way for him to enjoy his favorite characters !
we loved the movie frozen and this is a great doll of anna . she is very well made very pretty .
a perfect figure with lots of articulation and awesome paint job . simple design which fullfills . its a great buy not to be missed .
loved it went along with the party great ... it is a bit small although but was for 4 year olds
our son has a lot of fun making shark noises and catching the fish . definitely a great way to keep him entertained in the bath tub a little longer
my grandson has had so much fun playing with this and pulling it around . it really is worth every penny i spent on it .
my grandson thought this was fun . he loved playing with it and it seems to hold up well under much attention .
my granddaughter has really enjoyed playing with the supermarket set . it is great for pretend .
you cannot go wrong with anything melissa and doug . this keeps my son busy for quite some time . great quality
my daughter asked for dresses for her barbie dolls and she has changed the dresses a lot so far on the dolls . she loves them .
this is also a christmas gift and therefore the ratings are not accurate . i am hoping they will all be 5 ' s .
these are great ... just used them as favors and decor for my daughter's snake themed party . they were a hit . great price !
my 2 year old loves to build track sets with his trains . this set was perfect to complete his exsisting set .
i love abbey but that outfit has too many sparkles.there is something i do like about the doll.she can on time in perfect condition .
although a bit of work to set up to play , racko maintains its appeal heading into its second fifty years !
nice and sturdy and exactly right for little hands and to play grocery store or kitchen . would recommend to anyone .
so far i am very happy with this purchase , kid loves it , wife has fun on it and it seems to hold up to two teens .
these were perfect to throw in party favor bags with some candy and stickers ! the kids loved them and that was the point in buying them .
my daughter loved the the most .. no more stepping on the little pieces ... the mat is perfect and the right size
they worked out for all the kids they loved them . big enough for adults and kids too . wish they had blue
these make great incentives so the kids will do their class work and pay attention to lessons . a little bribery helps !
plenty of different tattoos to choose from . my son loved them ! we bought them for party favors and had plenty left over .
recommend to buy over budget fashion pack all day ... recommend to buy over budget fashion pack all day ... looks even better in person ..
this was a great christmas gift for our 8 year old nephew . he really loves legos , and enjoyed this one .
the pteranodn dinasour toy is great for your kids who likedianasours got this one for my nephew he really likes it
we use this toy in our to go bag . they play with it at resturants , the doctors office , grocery store ect . keeps them busy !
what a fun doll , my grand-daughter loved this doll and i was best grandma in the world for getting this doll for her !
a little smaller than we thought but very nice never the less . he liked it because it came with so many lego movie mini figures .
these ducks were very cute and we had a lot of fun with them . i gave them 4 stars because a lot of the ducks had paint flaws .
the kids love this toy . great for product for its value . the kids use their imagination for play time . love it .
bought this for my daughter who loves baby dolls . it is okay but she doesn't really care for it that much .
great little pool with umbrella ! my kids played in this everyday during the summer and it has help up . very sturdy and fun .
bought these for goodie bag for my daughters birthday . ok , ok , it is an outside toy but great for coaches too !
i bought all the turtles for my grandson . he loves them they are very well made . i now must see about purchasing the bad guys
these are great bands and offered at a very affordable price ! i will definitely purchase more and recommend to others !
daughter says " love it " . was a great stocking stuffer . colors are bright and fun . quality is better than the snap bracelets of my day .
the barbie doll outfits are exactly like it's shown on the picture . fit dolls perfectly and easy to dress and undress .
my six-year-old asked for this for christmas , and it did not disappoint . we have not had any problems with the item .
at first i was disappointed but the kids really like them and they are soft but at night they are nice and colorful , which is what i wanted .
the headlights are a favorite of our 4 year old . it's also nice that it holds two of the imaginext figures . good quality and fun !
very great game , keeps my kids busy for hours . very good price and high quality able to take a beating ! !
what else can be said about the lil finger puppets . they're quite cute for a kid and can use them to make up stories .
bought for 3 year old grandson and he just loves the idea of talking apart with his own drill and putting back together . awesome purchase .
lots of small parts - we got it for our 18 month old - she makes us tea and the cup is just the right size for her hand .
this was a perfect starter lego kit for my 6 year old . she was able to complete this all on her own
these are adorable cupcake holders . my son is having a truck birthday them party and these are perfect for cupcakes .
i bought these for my grandkids , they are having fun with them ! lights are really strong and bright and kids love them !
i got this for my 4 year old and she loves it ! we haven't even put the batteries in yet and she still loves it ! lol !
didn't quite get the worm inching action with the pictures . it's super cute and a big hit with my toddler nephew .
i bought many from different sellers and this one is the winner ! it still working
my 3 year old grand daughter loves it . easy to put together and take apart . easy access and just the right size for a 3-5 year old .
my kids never play with it and there isn't a great way to store the pins and ball . in fact , i'm not sure where anything is .
they fit perfectly . can install them on other 107 choppers to change colors . nothing else to say but they're great .
still have not figured it out all the way but its cute and my kids like it . arrived quick and correct .
works as described . excellent double pump , saves lots of time . nice design and color as well . we use to inflate balloons for our kids .
these dolls are just amazing . very nicely made and good looking . quality of material is superb , facial expression fantastic and dress is very appropriate .
pretty good price for ten pairs of shoes that little girls lose so often because they're so small . i got two packs of them .
my 2 year old love playing with these magnets while i'm making dinner . it keeps him occupied and he's learned all the different animal names .
i bought this for my 4 year old and it has given us a great , visual way to teach him about responsibility and remind him about manners .
she is made the same as the other dolls , just the outfit is cute and my i would tell friends to purchase her
this product came on time and all pieces were there.it works great so , far.my son enjoyed doing thirty progects on christmas day and has many more to do .
i purchased this for my five year old nephew . we all had a great time playing with it , adults as well as kids .
bought for grandson . not as much fun as he thought it would be.was bored with this quickly . would not purchase this again .
the thomas wistle is well made and very large . this was a present for my grand son and he loves it , and thats all that counts .
sturdy , stylish and easy to put together ! the kitchen is a perfect size too and fit nicely in the corner .
tthe grand kids love it very entertaining an very affordable . i would recommend it to anyone wanting some indoor fun .
granddaughter plays with the dolls in her dollhouse . she seems happy and that's all that matters to me . thank you .
there is nothing more to say than the title.my 10 - year-old granddaughter loves this and it remains set up in her room .
always a fun treat for the holidays . just a little bit of added spark shared by everyone every morning as the next window is opened .
we only got 4 balls instead of 12 . too bad i didn't realize it until the day of the party when i was making the goody bags !
i got this set for a beach themed raffle basket and it is sure to be a big hit at the raffle !
the spot it games are so much fun . my granddaughter and i play them all the time . i highly recommend these games .
this figure looks like a piece of crap this is not worth 60 dollars . i have seen better figures for that price .
the magnet connection works great with all of our other magnetic trains . fits on all of our wooden tracks . kids love it .
i love this remote ! ! ! my daughter loves the songs and i love how easy it is for her to handle
i would definitely recommend this to anyone who has a buzz lightyear in their house . my son brings this guy everywhere
these cards are great for basic fact learning . my daughter loves them and they should last for the rest of my children .
price was great , bought this for a christmas present for my grandson . because he talks about them all the time .
my 7 year old loves this bow and arrow set . she pretends she is merida all the time with it !
i haven't heard any complaints , so this is one more monster high product loved by my daughter . she is obsessed .
kinda shaped odd for the system but it works great and keeps the system safe and that works for me .
the toy set is easy to put together . looks great . has minnie . this is a quality set i'd highly recommend for that minnie loving toddler .
purchased for my 2 - year-old grandson for his birthday . he has enjoyed it and still plays with it , as does his 4 - year-old sister .
i received two swing seats in a timely manner , in good condition to be used by my grandchildren . thank you for your good work !
bought this for my two and a half year old and she liked it . there are fun shapes and colors . haven't tried doing the cards yet ...
this is a really nice doll , and a perfect gift for a collector . the color of the dress is very attractive .
this dollhouse is great . my daughter loves to play with it all the time . but be prepared , it is absolutely huge !
i purchased this doll for my 20 month old for her birth present from her baby brother . he goes great with stella . very cute and soft !
love those train and my little 2 yr old loves them too . they are cute . fast shipping , and good price , i would buy it again !
we used these for my son's 1st bday party . they were adorable and the colors were bright . thanks so much !
my 20 month grand daughter loves it . she pulls it around , it falls over and she picks it back up .
my grandsons really like this set . colors are very pretty . not sure about the cost to purchase more paper when it runs out
well he is playing it and he loves itnot a difficult game to play for a 5 year oldmario forever !
this item was loved by my grandson . i am assuming the quality was good , i never saw it because my daughter lives in another state .
searched everywhere for these at an affordable price and this was nice , i got 2 for the piñata and they weren't too pricey
good for pre-math skills by matching colors and patterning . some pictures are kinda difficult to make out on initial glance , but overall a good toy .
i found it to be well made . it is a really good size for a 7 year old . i do recommend this one
truly a most aptly named product ! it immediately produced a gazillion bubbles , which it blew out everywhere . what a great invention .
my son lives it and carries it wherever he goes , i just wish the paint did not chip so easily .
you get exactly what you see here . my 3 year old loves them and got them paired with jake and the never-land pirates , pirate ship .
my baby grand daughter just loves this car . quality workmanship and nice details . she loves to make it go and play with the people
just like the robot spielberg used in his movie , but multiple times smaller , and rubber . i think these dino-toys made me a fan of its brand .
this was a great set to add to our 5 year old sons lego collection . made well like all legos .
love the max n ruby shows . these are great to have for little ones to play out the shows and the stories .
adorable - a big hit with my 5 and 8 year olds . it is larger than i expected . i recommend with no reservations .
this is the fourth expansion of cards against humanity cards and it includes very funny cards with some blanks that you can use to make your own .
my son loves harold and this was a sweet addition . i was happy that his body was made entirely of wood . he seems sturdy and well made .
this is junk . don't waste your money . very disappointed . i would just put the mentos directly into the bottle then spend money on this
bought for 6 year old grandson . he loves changing it from a car into a robot . it even has attachable guns !
bought this 32 years ago for my daughter and just bought two cars for my grandsons . safe and fun . worth the purchase .
always love your products . love the colors and matching pictures to the letter . purchased for my daycare and as a gift to a daycare child .
my two year old received this gift for his birthday ... what's not to like ? it's 3 vehicles in 1 . he gives it a thumbs up !
my nephew likes both star wars and angry birds , so this is right up his alley . he likes these things
like it but the lid doesn't zip or velcro close like other zipbins i've gotten . if the lid zipped closed it would be perfect !
barney just bought , however i can not evaluate , but i hope that meets the expectations are great . for sure my son will attend .
this is an xmas gift . i purchased others as well . ghoulia has interesting coloring with cheeky glasses , she will be loved like the others .
my kids love to play with them . they use their imagination and combine them with there dinosaur playsets !
these are beautiful ! perfect for most ag dolls . they went well with the xmas dress that was purchased ! a must have
my daughter has been " changing " her daughter's diapers since she woke up on christmas day . thanks for the great product and fun .
our daughter is in kindergarten and learning to read , however she also likes bingo , can't wait to play this with her .
great looking dolls , awesome value for money , granddaughters both love them--we got each a set at great prices , best price online by far
this is a lovely cuddly baby for my littlest granddaughters . they love the happy giggles . this was a great christmas gift along with the stroller .
really good size and really good toys my kids have a lot of pokemon this one i got two of
this price was better than any department store and arrived in time as described . good toy for rainy days or any group game . thanks !
just like the real stuff , but a little smaller , perfect for my toddlers ( 18 months ) . the kids love it , looks durable .
just bought to be sure to have spare parts specially during my hook period piloting the copter . it seem to be ok
purchased as gift to replace granddaughter's old pillow pet . product came as projected and is great quality . i think she will love it !
great idea book . bought this along with extra pegboards and beads . kids can all share and make lots of different things .
i have only used it with one young student with special needs , it did not interest him too much from what i remember .
it looks and acts just as all of the other thomas train friends do . durable , well made , cute , and withstands abuse !
got this for my kids and they both love it - son is 12 daughter is 7 - colors add to the enjoyment
my little girl loves this she can't get enough of it and demands more and different types . came on time with no problem .
my six year old son loves this game . we have a lot of fun playing it together as a family . just like i remembered it !
perfect tug-about for two year old . young'in towed this out into the atlantic surf , around the cul-de-sac , carrying favorite lemurs and bears.we are livin ' large .
i got these for a great price and my son loves thems i got in the mail on time great buy my son is 4
i like these but they are kind small . i was hoping they would be bigger but they do the job .
bought as an accessory item for granddaughter's am . girl doll which she loves . she was thrilled and i was impressed with quality and pricing .
my little girls is creazy with these new monster high dolls , she is collecting all of them , she loves the heart that is on her face .
this version of the prime starscream is the best one it represents him in very way from the show get it if you can
my son absolutely loves this ! as a matter fact , we bought 3 more digging sets for this summer since he just loves the experience of digging !
there were a huge hit at my sons birthday party ! actually very well made and adorable on the parents too !
i love the go go smart wheels . got this for my nephew and he now has the complete set and loves it .
like all melissa and doug toys , this item was well made . the young man that received this as a gift started playing with it immediately .
my daughter loved this ! she completed the whole book very quickly and really had a lot of fun creating each page . highly recommend !
bought for grandson couple christmas's ago . he just loves it . and has grown with it . now loves using it as his writing table .
who doesn't love thomas ? this was purchased for a granddaughter , who asked for it . one of those toys both girls and boys like .
my son love to clear up a lot to i love this to i like this a lot my son going loveit to i my son are going like this
best train game ever . over millions sold and it is a all time favorite . very easy to teach and play . a definite must buy !
lego bricks are fun for all ages . and as always if it a lego is very good quality . this bin has good varity of bricks
great learning tool . awesome that they incorporated these great characters . feels more like playing then learning which makes my kids more interested .
my son loved the octopod but not as much as the gups . if your son loves the octonauts like mine does he will love octopod playset
i purchased several of these and both boys loved them , they are easy to move and transform , they loved them !
i regret this purchase . my 1.5 year old just sat on it and looked at me like " seriously , you bought this . " ha .
ok not the greatest purchase would ot buy again wish it did more would not buy again not worth it
this was exactly what i had hoped it would be when i ordered it , and the little girl who received it loves it .
mobigo is the best . another great game , keeps his attention , great learning games , he can play independently , would highly recommend .
when it's the big book of boo boos one is supposedly buying . this is more of a pamphlet of boo boos . could have been better .
the little 16 month old loves to push buttons and the interaction . great for those 30 minutes stuck in the car seat !
i would not buy this again . the snails that go with it are great , but the truck fell apart way too quickly . terrible quality .
what boy doesn't love cars and dinos . easy to teach the kids how to transform on their own . well made .
it works , it's attractive , and the boys like it . i would purchase this for them again . i'm a happy shopper .
we decorated a party tent with these wonderful fans and they looked great ! very colorful , easy to put up and withstood the heat element of being outdoors ...
great item . perfect size for a 3 year old . seems high quality material and detail is great . packaged very well and arrived on time .
this is a cute little rabbit and if you want the webkinz experience then it is a good buy for you .
this instrument makes a really great sound . it is well made and sturdy , too . the handle is easy to grip . it's simple and beautiful .
i love this company and i love these cars . they are soft and my daughter loves them ! she just turned one and they are a great hit !
arrived quickly and was my son loved it . well made and well packaged . i'm anticipating hours of fun in the future .
very cute , good quality , bright color . great pricemakes playing barbies fun . i would recommend to any little girls who like playing barbies
got this for my son's third birthday , and he absolutely loves it ! him and his four year old sister play with the set all the time .
my little gabba fun loves these , whenever it's bath time she gathers them up and tosses them into the tub . =)
this was a gift for my grandson's birthday to go with the imaginext pirate ship & pirates he was getting . loves it !
this swing was easy to assemble . we had to purchase additional chain for height purposes , but the swing is sturdy which is most important .
this is a cool looking shadow plush , my son cannot stop playing with it . allthough it is very small for the price .
these puppets are very small for an adults hand . , but the child can use it when a little older just wish it was a little bigger
this was one of my daughters favorite toys , when she got too old for it , it became our second childs favorite toy !
my daughter loves it so dearly she puts her baby dolls in there , her fake food , and all that . really easy to put together too .
i got this for my godson and he loved it . he's all into the superheroes and spider-man is one of his favorites .
my 2 month old daughter absolutely loves this seahorse . she sits there and " talks " to it , like it is her best friend .
this is a great transformer for a toddler . easy to switch between the fire truck and to heatwave especially for a 2 yr old .
this little moonlight beanie boo is perfect for a halloween gift for any beanie boo collector . so cute & adorable for a halloween theme !
thanks for helping me rekindle my love for paint-by-numbers . i loved painting this , a little more than people love looking at it .
a must for a 2-3 year old girl . they make great gifts , and travel well , with no teeny tiny parts to lose !
my daughter likes it , she is into doing hair and had fun playing with this toy . i think they're a little ugly .
cheap , this is cheap and not worth the money i paid for it ! it broke soon after we go it ! do not buy !
another angel tree gift to go with a webkinz pony for a 7 year old . hope she will love them !
my son loves that lego monster vampire hearse.he really like spooky stuff and this was right up his alley.it was worth the money .
this is a great toy for the car . we've had hours of fun with it and my 7 year old loves it .
grandson loved the farm train . keeps him busy playing engineer . also purchased other sesame trains to add to the fun
bought this item for my 3 year old nephews birthday . it's perfect ! he loves it ! he likes thomas so this was the perfect gift !
bought this for my grandchildren . item was as described . kind of cheap bands but i guess they are like all the other things made in china .
auntie was a hit ! bought this for my neice as a gift ! she is having so much fun with it ! :)
my 4 year old grand son loves to color and this allows him to have all different things to color without having to cart a huge book around
just got ours in the mail and was disappointed to find it didn't come with starter bubble solution like many other machines to .
gave as gift to 2 yro . she loved . just the right size for her . cute design and priced fair for the size and style .
great piano , great size . baby loves to bang on it and play . seems to be well made . colors are nice .
daughter is obsessed and loves minecraft , she loves this figure and the creeper she has , she plays with them a lot .
great product exactly as described ! ! my son loves science and loves to work these experiments because they are stuff he can do with just some adult supervision
these were great , other than the messy part of it but hey guess that's how bubbles are right . my daughter loved them !
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my 3 year old grandson . he loves everything there is about spongebob squarepants
my brother's son had it in india . and we now got it for our toddler . very nice . my daughter loves it . highly recommended .
hours of fun for both my 17month old and my 5 year old not sure which loved it more ... very well made and worth the purchase
what more can be said about cleo she is everything a little girl could want and more . hours of fun playing with friends or alone .
i got these as christmas gifts for my daughters . i hope this will alleviate all the battery dying issues we've had in the past ! !
this is a good deal . a lot of fake foods come with it.good for baby to learn different foods ... great for toddler's brain
it's was a cute little candle for our elmo themed birthday party . it did the job ( multiple times ) because my son loved blowing on the candle .
is a good lego , comes the history of x-men origins wolverine , but with the clothes of the comics , really good
this is a great game to learn how to spell and increase your vocabulary - both adults and kids .
my 2 year old niece loves this she plays with it all day long sings the songs and play with the little people .
my husband bought these cards to help our granddaughters with their math homework . it really helped them to learn their drills . he definitely recommends this product .
each day my son raced out of his room to open a new window ! made the count down to christmas even more fun !
you just can't beat the quality of melissa and doug products . so happy we bought this . so realistic looking . wonderful product .
everything fits inside , easy to carry and protects the pad from drops and scrapes . tough like a turtle shell , but not brittle hard .
my nephew originally received one of these wrestlers as a gift , so needed a second guy so they could battle each other . good quality for the price .
i am a toddler teacher . the kids love making and serving pizza . the pieces are very durable.it ' s a great addition to our sensorial area .
very entertaining . he loves to send the car out and chase after it . hours of play time for him - loves the set
love love legos theres no a child int he world that would not love to play with legos my son loves to play and build stuff . very nice .
low price , great aquisition ! i bought it for my son's little friend ( 4 years old ) and she loved it !
this fit my 3 yr old niece great and she loves to dress up in it . i loved the surgical mask . too cute !
this is a great game for family fun night . every one loves and we enjoy playing it while having fun on family game night
worth waiting for to use with my sons new leappad 2 it works great with no problems and its worth the money
my girl got this for christmas and absolutely loves it - it is absolutely adorable and she uses it for a pillow every night .
this is an okay game , but i got it for 5 dollars so i can't complain much . i will complain about the smooshed box , though .
while the eyes are a little off , this is an excellent representation of the first and one of the most famous villains of the power rangers franchise .
this toy is great for small children . , my son is 3 and i love the option to leave him an email doom me .
our 3 year old granddaughter requested jessie for christmas.she wanted jessie because she talks . we can wait for her to open her gift .
my 2.5 year old loves this , but so do his older siblings ! ! it is well-made and i'm sure it will last a long time .
the biggest complaint i have with this one is the marbles are cheap . they're not heavy enough and get stuck in the loops / seams when going down .
wonderful product . my 2 year old plays with it all the time . goes very nicely with fisher-price servin ' surprises table .
what more do you want ? he's large - really large and the kids love him . they bang him around , he doesn't break . we are satisfied .
most of these were broken before i can barely stuff them into the piñata . just not worth purchasing if they break easily .
my 5 year old granddaughter was delighted with elsa . she's well made , beautifully dressed , and her blue high heel shoes actually stay on !
i highly recommend this wonderful little toy . my granddaughter loves it . very clear and very easy to use . candles blow out by a sensor . terrific .
bought this to keep the leappad in and it works great for keeping it protected while also being able to store several extra games inside .
my grand daughter loves it , she drivers her barbi's around the house everyday ... it is a gift that keeps on giving .
title says it all - i feel this is just a junky re-make of the original see n say ... the sounds are really crummy ...
i collect stuffed calico cats . esmeralda is one of the softest cuddliest ones there is ! huggable , lovable ! :)
my kids love these things ! you get plenty for the money ! ! the price is great and i will buy again .
this will help my grandson use his fingers more accurately and build his manual dexterity . every detail of a baby's life can be of some value .
i loved this puzzle because it's not only beautiful once completed , but has enough interesting colors and designs to make it somewhat challenging , but not frustratingly so .
they are very easy to play with . they do have a slight odor to them , but it's not as bad as other play doughs .
i really love all of the itikes toys but this one is my kids favorite . my husband loves to play with it as well .
very soft and cuddly . nice price for a really nice item . my little grandson loves it and carries it everywhere ,
this coat is so cute ! daughter was so happy getting this item and it looks adorable on the doll with all her little outfits as well .
this clip holds a ton of darts . it also fits in the smaller sidearms from elite and makes a pistol look completely badassed .
a pleasing multiunit set for the thomas series . many ways to us this and add to ones imagination while creating railroad situations .
i have 2 grandson's age 10 . i bought 2 of these as christmas gifts last year . they loved them . fun for them .
these are great tubby toys and i am thinking they will be played with for years . the quality is good and they are much appreciated .
my toddler loves it , and it's mess-free which is wonderful ! only downside is the gel is a pain to squish back .
my niece thought it was cool enough to carry around for an hour or so constantly squeezing it to make it " tweet " ...
love love love it it was very sturdy my grandson is only 2 years old and it has held up very well
she is just starting to play with these types of toys and it completed the other gifts that i got for her
my 8yr old daughter loves this toy ! ! ! it has different voice changing buttons and she pretty much enjoys playing with it ! ! !
i got this and the sophia doll for my daughter and it is exactly as pictured . it came fast and my daughter is going to love it .
gave it to my niece . she really loves it and so we do . it is on of the nicest toys i've ever bought .
great train track , easy to assemble , easy to roll up and clean up the playtime mess . connects well with the other take n play tracks
that's it . not much in details . over all 3 stars for these extras.probably just the big mat and pen that come with is good enough !
wonderful for coloring on color wonder paper and not getting on anything else . was for my 2 year old granddaughter would recommend it
we have all the available cah , so of course we had to get the fourth expansion . this game is great !
this was a gift for a 9 year old and she loved it . she was so excited to find out that she had a rare one !
larger and well made , good quality . my grandson loves it ! durable ... head hanges.this is the best power ranger i have purchased .
i was surprised that this crayola marker maker was not more . there just did not seem to be much to it for the price .
the best toy ! my kids play with them for hours . both my 5 year old girl and 3 year old boy love them .
these reall are the best crayons to use . they do not crack they are easy to use , and last ! i highly recommend getting them .
nice , small super soft plush dolphin . my son loves dolphins and loves to cuddle with his baby dolphin at bedtime .
lots of colors in a great plastic storage case . also comes with s clips and beads and glitter decorating pens .
boys girls and even the adults liked these coil purses given in 8 year old daughter's b-day party goodie bag
not as many lego parts to this set , but my grandson loves building with legos and had it together in no time .
the young boy took to the drill quickly since he showed a lot of interest when he heard the noise .
great for our 3 year olds play kitchen . durable , nice sized , and connects with velcro . five more words were required , so there .
my daughter loves this doll . she plays with it for hours . the voice is annoying but other than that it is a great toy .
this is okay , but the blanket could have been a little bigger . my little boy liked it though . it is really soft too .
i expected a little more interaction with this item for the price but overall it was ok for my grandson
this is a very nice christmas outfit for and doll . my granddaughter would like one to match . goes with the silver shoes .
bought as a gift . my girls are younger and aren't into this but it definitely made a 9 year old day when she got it !
i would have given 5 stars but the dresses don't for that well on the barbies . they are very beautiful though & my daughters love them anyways .
my 2 year old granddaughter finds this fascinating ! fun play with sand or water , it draws the attention of both children and adults .
awesome price and my 6 yr old and 4 yr old love them . its their favorite toy to play with
nieces review . this doll is adorable and the fact she is really different then all the rest makes her one of my nieces favorite . esp the hair !
my son likes the drill , but the head with teeth is useless , and so are the teeth molds .
our 2 year old daughter loves being a " little mommy . " her twin brother also likes it , though not as much .
this kitchen set is all my granddaughter needs to set up the kitchen in her loving family manor . she's pleased with it so i am , too .
i recommend this for older kids or adults . tricky enough to keep you interested . i love the way it looks when it's finished .
big into doll collecting . like this line of dolls . couldn't find this one anywhere else at an affordable price . recommend .
this was purchased as a birthday gift for my granddaughter . it is a very pretty doll and she loves it .
a must for anyone's scooby doo collection . this game is always fun no matter what flavor it is , got is as a gift at an awesome price .
ill just say don't mess around with an opponent with the rayven its a killer.it takes out enemies with rapid fire how cool is that .
i purchased these for my son's superhero party . i thought they were a litlle bigger . they were cheaply made and i expected better quality .
this is one of my daughters favorite dolls . she plays with it all the time . i would definitely recommend this doll .
smaller than expected . not at all as detailed as described . more expensive than they should have been . lots of better choices for this product available .
he loves everything about thomas the train , so this is an easy review for me ! thanks again for everything ! thomas ! ! !
my favorite clawdeen so farthe only girl in the line to wear a suitcomes with a cute gift for dracularaher hair is so full with purple tinsel
small parts easily lost and they break with rough play but kids like playing with em alot would give 5 stars cept for the small parts and breakage
very good product my grand baby loves it , she loves the sounds and the teaching part she is happy with it good for learning would recommend to all
this will go in his easter basket and we can't wait to see his face ! looks to be good quality as with other products from this manufacturer .
my daughters have fought over who would color which picture . this is a really nice coloring pad and the pictures do turn out looking like stain glass .
we love love love duplo blocks great for a kid who is too big for the mega blocks but not big enough for the little legos .
this old school educationl toy is my favorite . alphie is interactively enticing . wish i had this growing up ... ... ...
my kids love this set with venom and spider-man . i'm glad they give you a few figures with the set .
lego kits are just great and healthy fun for kids as well as many even the not so kids anymore.fun birthday gift
i bought this because the scanner works . and it did . the drawer can fit real money as well .
this dress is super cute , i specifically bought it for my rochelle doll , and it looks absolutely adorable ! i love it , super cute and girly .
es muy bella . me encanta ... sus ojos son llamativos y la muñeca es super grande . comprala es bella . compralo ya
lots of fun and room for imagination . it is up to the kid to create , no instructions just free play
love the bright colors and ease of use . every toddler needs these cups ! great price , i've order more for gifts .
again , we love melissa nad doug products . durable , easy for them to use . another good product from melissa and doug .
great figure , pretty much perfect ; i have no complaints . he has the most accessories of any other team member from this line . highly recommended .
perfect case for my son's explorer gs . enough storage for games . easy to handle and sturdy . great product to keep the gs safe .
i love collecting these monster high dolls . they are all cute . this was a nice find because it was only in the store for a short time .
if ti hits you in the face youll def know , we love them and have fun with them for sure
kids love it . it's a good tool to kill the time and they just enjoy it . i recommend it . thanks .
very cute , very unique . and as always , high lego quality . i also got this for a great price , with prime eligible shipping .
very pretty and excellent quality ! my daughter loved the flower / butterfly motif . love that you can pretend , yet safe enough to use with real beverage .
my little one love this she has played with it for hours , it is sturdy and easy to handle , thanks for the good times
this game is a great addition to my travel pack . i take it camping and we have played it many times without complaint .
i've been collecting matchbox since i was 8 ( 50years ) and the quality is still excellent ! i'm now helping my grandsons start collections of their own !
a gift for my 3 yr old grandson , he loves john deere green items , lol . he will get a lot of use out of it .
so so so many pieces and i fell for buying most of them . the kids don't always play with it em they are slamming everything around
it seemed fun at first . however , it wasn't long till our daughter was bored with it and wanting regular scrabble instead .
my daughter likes it and i am happy the box is big enough for us to pack things in without fitting them tightly
it say c-clips and it came with s-clips . they need to look at the clips close or put in the right clips in there
nice toy and once my kids are older and it's age appropriate i will write these fractional segments to teach fractions and parceling . great toy !
cute for a baby when they first start walking . string it perfect length and they have a lot of fun with it
kids love this play with it all dayits durable and good qualitywill buy more to go with set
this doll is just as pictured . my girl has a nice time playing with it ... just what she wanted .
this toy is so cool and my daughter plays with it morning noon and night so much fun thanks ! ! peace
we liked this so much we bought it for birthday presents . everyone who has played it seems to enjoy the challenge and crashes .
what a great product . wonderfuly made and i thought it was really cute as a matter of fact i bought another one after seeing this one
we got five perfect butterflies from this kit . the kindergartners were very excited at being able to see the life cycle evolve .
i bought this for a stocking stuffer and it was so funny the look on there face . they used it when they were grumpy or mad at work .
his hammer very easily falls off . i think this will be lost before the toy breaks . sad because its a cool thor .
the pillow pet was great that is what my granddaughter said i , i really did not like this cheap made . seller was good
my son love love loves these cupcakes . he is always talking about them and plays with them all the time . great for any young preschooler .
if you r a big time walking dead person you will love it too ! my son is working on his collection !
this frog has the cutest eyes ! ! he's soft and fluffy and has beanbag feet so it's easy to pose or hold him .
bought this for our 3 year-old for christmas and he likes it a lot . very educational and cool layers . buying this for my niece / nephew !
i got this soccer ball for my son to learn to play the game . it is a really good soccer ball for a great price .
again this is a christmas gift for my grandaughter . she has asked for it for christmas , so we will see how she likes it .
great for my diego obsessed 2yr old . he has a large diego doll and this little one is great for the car , etc
great toy for my 3 year old daughter to play while we are waiting in the airport or in the restuarants .
i've had this for quite sometime now and the child still loves playing with them and she's seven , just as nice as when she first got them .
great for a stocking stuffer .. he loves jake and the neverland .. fast shipping and this toy can be for bath or just for fun ...
my preschool class loves these playdough embellishments . they are quality made and sturdy . i'm sure they wil last a long time !
i am a day care provider and bought this for my day care children . they really like these toys to play with .
i use this inside the house and fill it with balls for my grandkids . what fun they have and it's so safe for toddlers
because this is the older model we have a hard time fitting all the newer furniture , they no longer make the furniture for this model ...
purchased these for my grandsons to go with the nerf dart guns i also purchased . well worth the extra spend . the boys loved having the extra darts .
this classic never goes out of style , or fun ! cute , funny and nostalgic ! my kids loved it ! would recommend this product !
this was for my 10 year old . directions were difficult and the screws are hard to screw in.once it was done my kids were thrilled !
chose this for my daughter's first birthday cake . it was very cute - much cuter than what i could find in stores .
this is great to give as a gift and i like that i don't have to put my credit card on-line , i can just have this card loaded .
we needed these for the granddaughters pokemon cards and they work . no worries but nothing special . good price on here so good to go .
cards against humanity does it again , another hilarious expansion to an already awesome game . again laughing as soon as a flipped the tab on the box .
she loved it no batteries needed and fun with all ages daddy loved it as much and the 5 year old it was a hit gift
my daughter just turned 3 and she can easily navigate through the game . it's fun and age appropriate . she loves it !
doesn't work very well . you can barely hear it amplified . more of a prop than a functioning microphone . not worth the money .
my grandson loved this one . we would do it over and over again with no help and always ended by putting the top one upside down .
ordered this as a christmas gift . loved it ! although , after purchasing , found it at walmart . would recommend for the ease of shopping !
nice toys but much smaller than i expected . don't know if dimensions were included in description . my grandson loves them nevertheless .
the figures are ok but are very small . anyway , my son was happy because these were his first star wars angry birds figures ...
i ordered these little hangers for my granddaughter , who has several 18 - inch dolls . these are the perfect size for her doll clothes .
my 3 yr old enjoys the animal puzzles . i like the different colored borders so it is easy for her to sort the right animal .
so glad they starting making these double lightsabers ! our sons love it and have a blast pretending to be darth maul .
fine for balloons but i used it for inflating a air swimmer . granted that isn't what it was designed for
so cute and adorable and kids can use to sleep and protect through the night for those ugly creepers . e
this game is fun and it has a lot of logic games and things like that . not a lot of abc or 123 .
my 6 year old has been collecting the tag books for 2 years now . she and her 2 year old brother love this book .
very nice . read the instructions before assembling carefully , making sure you assemble it with the correct pieces . the removal tool is invaluable .
can't beat the price for a disney doll . my niece loves anything princess related , so the gift was a hit for christmas .
arrived on time and it matches description and picture . it passes the daily play test by my two year old grandson !
bought as a gift for a friends 12 year old and he loves them ! was a very happy boy this christmas .
my son was obsessed with this toy starting around 12 mos and still pulls it around occasionally a year later . cute pull toy for a good price .
good action figure , like a cross between the old star wars and old g . i . joes . fit great in bruder trucks .
the boys 12,10 & 8 loved the this product . they assembled in very little time . but they love legos alot !
now our granddaughters can make bracelets that show their support for the university of memphis tigers . go tigers ! ! ! thank you .
i have purchased other tracks toy my son but certainly this is his favorite , especially when the car falls into the mouth of the dinosaur and he talks .
good for story telling , or sentence creation . works as a good tool in practicing vocabulary and grammar with esl students .
it nerf , zombie and a sward what is not to love ? ? ? if you have a child that loves nerf this is a great addition .
this was bought for our 7 year old daughter after watching the lego movie . she loves it and would recommend for the lego lover .
stuffy is suppose to speak but does not . we are very disappointed in stuffy . he did not work from the start but our granddaughter likes him .
we've bought smencils a number of times in the past , and these were the least smelly . i wonder if we got an old batch or something ?
only fits there tiny horses . i would not advise buying this to anyone unless you have their tiny horses which the fur comes off anyway .
we lost our other elf on the shelf and my 8 and 10 yr old daughters really wanted a girl one , they love it !
this is my grandsons favorite toy . this is a great counting and sorting toy . both of my grandsons love to imagine shopping and buying with this toy .
i'm not sure how you would pump up rody without this pump.it was easy to use . and inflated quickly . i would purchase it again .
we have been using this set for about a year and they still look new . love the quality of melissa and doug products .
my grand-kids had fun right away naming the animals and sticking them up on a magnetic door . they are educational and great for kids who are animal lovers !
i love these trains because they open up and do lots of different things . i love the colors as well on the train
this was a purchase for my children . now the cubscout den kids are making bracelets and wearable art for everyone they know .
looks like a real stroller , and my tall , 7 - year old granddaughter doesn't have to bend over in order to maneuver it .
the toy es very fanny , i like it.the girl is going to excite a lot with her ​ ​ new toy
bought to go with leap pad given to granddaughter for christmas gift . she loves it , so i bought more for her birthday
the colors are vibrant and they appear to be well made and the weight appears to be just right for my age children
this vest is very well made and looks just like diego's vest from nick jr . your jungle explorer will love all the pockets and hangers .
i bought this for my 2 year old grandson for his birthday . the string needs to be thicker . he had trouble hanging on to it .
my son is six & is loving this toy . he thinks it's so fun to take in the bathtub with the joker toy . it's a great buy .
i love this ship . one little conn are : i wish they darken in the windows . i still give this five stars .
daughter loves playing with these . i love the quality , some things with melissa & doug have " ifie " quality but this is nice !
perfect size and material for my three year old granddaughter . certainly is better than the 65 year old ones of mine !
cute . the dolls don't stay on the chairs . my grandaughter likes it however . it is cute and completes the set .
transformation is a bit flimsy , and the face is hard to change but all in all not a terrible figure .
good size , plenty of pieces to keep them busy for hours . good for kids that like trains or lego's or both .
fantastic game , i recommend not just the expansion , but the original game as well ! i hope to say many more expansions made !
loved it and it works . my grandson loves using it to battle with his dinosaurs at his castle and made to last
he loves stickers so reusable ones are a parents dream . good variety of stickers and environments / themes that appeal to my 2 1/2 year old
great party favor especially for the price ! kids loved the assortment and they came as packaged and were large enough .
very beautiful for the best price , my daughter loves it ! had a bit of trouble opening the doll , but very cute !
so many bricks ! so much to do . i got these at a great rpice and would definetly purchase them again . such great variety !
the quality is great . my son plays with it all the time and he uses the arrows as swords sometimes .
birthday gift this and the helicopter completed the cargo set for my grandson , he was thrilled .
these random dice can demonstrate the difference between the regular and the natural elements around a person and also just plane make learning fun ...
liked the train set . although i thought it set the entire track by itself but it only lays down two of the tracks .
cute , but my grandson doesn't play with it very much even though he adores the llama books ; not so cuddly as it could be .
just the thing for " helping " mom . i am happy with this purchase and would recommend it to a friend or neighbor .
great addition to the little ones hello kitty collection . she really loves her pink bunny . very pleased with purchase . will continue to buy more .
the grand kids love play-dou it really lets their immiginiations go to work . i love it because i love toys that indulge a child's creativity
my granddaughter like it but it needs to be on a hard flat surface ( not a table will fall off ) also only plays 2 songs
just when you think you've read them all , they come up with something new to smack you in the face with laughter !
they're batteries . i need them to make the bugs go . they last long enough , too . and they're priced right . get some !
my daughter is goign to love this when she opens it up on christmas day , the shipping of coarse was quick with amazon , one happy customer as usual
just like traditional yahtzee , but with mario . my daughter is a super mario bros fan so she likes this . good quality pieces .
at long last i have a figure-eight for my great grandson's train set ! he loves it , and so do i !
excellent product for the money . purchased for my grandson and he loves it . would definitely recommend to others . great price for the product .
very good quality . my child and all the other children in the pool ( ages 3 to 10 ) were eager to play with it .
nice package of refill rubber bands . if you have a couple of kids though , 600 bands don't go to far . might think of double ordering .
my daughter loved her . the box was bent upon shipment but other than that it's a very nice doll .
this toy was for a one-year old , so he needs help with the dinosaurs . he does enjoy them , and we are very happy with the purchase .
my 6 yr . old granddaughter loves this portfolio . plays with it all the time . it keeps her occupied at home and while traveling in the car .
these don't hold together too well , but the colors are nice and are easy to grasp and throw , easy for mom to wash !
great price for this much play-doh , there are so many different colors in there ! ! both our kids love playing with play-doh !
bought this for my 18 month old daughter . she loves it and the phrases that it says make the toy more fun to play with .
very adorable toy ! unfortunately , our puppy thought so too so we will need to be ordering a new one soon ! :)
kid craft is an excellent brand as an alternative to the ag brand . nicely made and good quality . my girls are having so much fun with this .
this was a gift for my 9 year old grandson and he loves it . he is getting a lot of enjoyment from it . good quality .
it has a totally different feel than jazz , and the weapon goes great with my wfc prime . must buy for sideswipe fans , lets hope for sunstreaker .
my 2 year old loves it and rides it everyday . he thinks its great to ride like his big sister .
the kids loved it and enjoy playing it every day or as much as mommy lets them anyway and it is very age appropriete
our granddaughter , age 4 , has had a wonderful time with this set . there are plenty of different pieces included to support the imagination .
my 5 year old nephew loves it . super fun , his big brothers love it too . thanks for the fun !
this game is a hit with my niece . she loves to play it for hours . she loves sharing it with her friends .
bought this for my grandson to hold his leapfrog tablet . he is really rough on his toys so this will keep the tablet safe .
ours are all really dark colors , really thin , and unappealing . we ordered 2 packages and are not happy at all .
my son can't get enough spongebob and super hero legos . just wish they were cheaper ... but they got us where they want us .
it is a great toy and my child likes it very much . he can play it with his good imagnation and build the house and play with those ghosts
i love these little beanie boos with their big eyes . got this one for my granddaughter's easter basket . so very cute & cuddly !
the product was bought as a gift and looked so cheap and junky that it was never even put together . i doubt it'd even work .
used this along with the gel skin ... tight fit , but isn't that what you want . quite snug and very protective . awesome ! !
he picks up the gears and stacks them and pushes the button to make the gears go . he loves the lights and sounds .
my granddaughter loves lego friends projects . she spends hours playing with them . i hope some new ones are on the market in time for christmas .
i love color wonder products because the markers only show up on the paper itself . tinkerbell was a nice addition to the series .
this doll is great ! she's a real must for any true monster high fan ! she arrived early and in good condition !
kids love the lace animals there solid so is the box easy for little hands . colors are nice and box is sturdy
we never were able to find a paper that the scissors could actually cut . the idea is great , but my son was quite frustrated with them .
this car is really cute and i bought this toy for my 9 month old nephew for christmas . i am sure it will be very happy with it !
my little two year old granddaughter was so amazed when she open her legos and saw the colorful animals that came with them .
my 2 year old has a sports theme br so these were perfect pillow decorations for his bed . he loves to play with them .
this is a fun game , and this will be fun if you have 4 players you can play with 2 players but you can't block with 2 players .
this is a continuation of the dirtiest game ever . if you have a clean mind this game is not for you .
my daughter and all of her friends loved it , it is something different from what u can buy at a store and also use it
this was a gift for my 5 - year-old grandson . he loves anything that is jake and the neverland pirates and he enjoys playing with this .
bought for my 8 year old granddaughter . she loved it . it is well made and a great gift for a creative kids .
does what is supposed to be done , plugged her in and the innotab took off . great ! ! no batteries ! ! get it !
i purchase this for my daughter and she love it very much , the construction of this toy is also good thus i'll recommend this toy .
cute little lego set to add to me big cruise ship . it's easy so fix . no problem for kids 4 and above .
this is one of the teenage mutant ninja turtles my grandson wanted for christmas . it was as advertised and my grandson was happy . enough said .
it is true to size , it was adorable , only complaint his hat does not stay on its going to be lost in another 5 minutes .
my family enjoys playing with this on our patio and sending it out into the flower beds . we've worn out one before this . lots of fun .
these rings are so much fun to wear and share ! easy to turn on and off and soft to the touch !
this is adorable . it is a great addition for an accessory for going back to school american girl doll . pink is also her favorite color .
my 8 year old son loves hexbugs ! get the plastic case for the so you don't misplace them . they are so much fun !
cutest pj set i have come across at a very reasonable price that includes a teddy bear for your doll . my daughter is going to love it !
i bought this for our grandson . i have yet to see it put together but was told he loved it and it works great .
it comes with many different shapes so you can make a lot of different things . fun to play with . it has bendable pieces .
i loved this for my son . it was a santa gift and he is 2 yrs old . perfect for him .
i bought these 3 puzzles for ten bucks . they are very nice puzzles and get played with all the time .
my daughter has a hard time with the conventional ideas of math . these have been so great to help reinforce what she has learned .
this expansion took it from hilarious to omg i'm gonna pee ... this is quite possibly the funniest game out there !
i bought this for my gran daughter . she loves it . it is such a pleasure seeing a child's glowing smile
this was a gift for my twin grandsons that are four years oldthey love rockets and this was very enjoyable
this expansion is definitely better than the second expansion . while both are still excellent , this one takes the cake for superiority .
addicting , with immense variety . games can take minutes to well over an hour . great game to play with friends or family , makes everyone laugh .
this was a birthday present for my grand daughter and she was thrilled with it . i got all three plush characters for her .
great puzzle for learning all the farm animals . the puzzle pieces do not really fit perfectly into the space but the doors on hinges keep them entertained .
great game for the whole family . my teenagers love to play , great gift idea for teenagers . would recommend for family fun ! !
great travel game . helps teach how to spell and combine words and kids have fun creating their own games out of it since there are really no rules .
this is a very fun product that my sister in laws son love to play with when he plays infinity .
easy to assemblewish i were a tad tallerthe kids played for hrs and hrs and hrs on this .
we love this game . we invite others to play all the time . we laugh and laugh.recommend buying any specialty add-on cards , they are amazingly creative !
we've had so much fun with all of the colors . it's nice to have so much variety while we're playing together .
we've had two of these and they both broke on the first crash . the balance bar on the main rotor is the weak spot .
so very cute ! ! the stethoscope even makes heart beat sounds . easy to wash and very durable . also very cute accessories .
a little bit simplistic . not much of a challenge for adults . ok for kids . looks cute when it is finished . my grandson loved it .
smaller then the old school ones , but still cute . my son liked it . it was a pretty good purchase for the price !
this is a great magnet set for youngsters to learn their animals on we love it at our house . worth the money
my baby loves his dusty airplane toy . it's the first toy he goes to in the mornings and the very last one he plays with before bed .
it's smaller than expected but perfect for my 3 - 4 year old ! tucks away nicely in a corner of my galley kitchen .
this is the second doll i bought of the monster high collection , the girls will have geat fun with it .
this product was for a gift and the little boy just love it . classic toy to have on a younger age
what's not to love ? making bracelets and rings and what may granddaughters love to do , and this is just more to keep them supplied .
i was looking for a stadium for my son , and this caught my eye . good stadium and it comes with 2 beys . very happy so far !
my niece loves it ! cute princesses easy for little hands to hold . goes with the castle . i wish they had a prince version .
nice quality toy , with good details . toy is sturdy and as expected . these are of similar quality to schiech and other manufactures .
my 20 month old grandson loves this swing . he can say hose and loves to be sprayed while on this swing on hot days .
these are so cute ! they fit like a charm and went on immediately . they arrived quickly and were packaged very well .
the salt & pepper shakers are the best ! my 19 month old loves playing with them & he looks so cute " cooking " !
really nice book and nice melody . you kid will learn a lot with it . nice shape and easy to carry for them .
i love the price . works great to hold the kids leapfrog in place . they love to carry their electronics around so this help out tons .
grandson liked it . after reading all reviews , i am pleased with the purchase . nice to include the quiver . works well .
item came quickly and as described . my toddler has tons of fun playing with these balls and thankfully they are lightweight , so we've had few accidents .
i bought this for my son's birthday and it has been a big hit with the whole family ! great for family game night , and educational to boot !
these slippers run very small and narrow . my preschooler is average size and we could not get them on her feet .
after replacing the batteries twice only 2 of the pieces regularly make any sound which is what intrigued us about these puzzles .
not my favorite of all the leap frog games , but definitely educational and my son seems to like it ok .
our 4 year old grandson will have hours do fun on his own video game system . he now joins his cousins with this system .
got these as party favors for a pool party , it was a great hit with all the kids , they were used immediately .
this broke after only a few months of use , which was disappointing . too bad , it was fun while it lasted .
very cute ! love the wood grain on her legs , arms and neck . can't wait for new ever after high dolls to come out .
put these in my son's goody bags for his dinosaur birthday party ! they were really cute and i liked how they were individually wrapped instead of sheets .
a beautiful doll with very nice details . very good for bath time reenactment of mermaid life . it is much enjoyed by my daughter .
it is a great addition to my husband's collection . i cannot verify the durability as it does not get played with .
this doll looks great and is well made , it's heavy duty enough to stand the hands of very energetic children .
grandson loves this transformer . really cool ! granddaughters even like that . i would love to get more of them in the future .
this really easy to play . really fun for all ages . play with lots of people or just a few . this is really fun .
i bought this for my nephew for christmas and he loves it ; no complaints and i'm satisfied with my purchase .
my granddaughter is 8 and she asked for this doll . i think it may be too young for her , but she seems to like it .
i purchase this for my 4 month old baby . slightly big but will outgrowth with time . excellent quality , and easy to storage .
i got this for my granddaughter's birthday and she loved it . she kept pulling out the tape and winding it back up .
these exceeded our expectations . very large and furry , although may make walking on stairs difficult . perfect for the hobbit nut we are gifting .
i bought this as a christmas gift and it was a great deal . it worked exactly as i suspected . a + + +
nice toy . seems to be made well . my daughter loves to play with her doll house , so the loving family items work well for us !
we got this for my daughter for christmas , she loves crafts and jewelry . she made everything within a couple of hours !
i love the shapes book from tag junior as well as the many others i have purchased . leap reader continues to be very educational . thumbs up !
don't really get it but one of my teenagers thinks this thing is pretty cool . go figure . whatever it takes to fill up space
my 22 month old fell in love with these . she loves to line them up on her bord . they are helping her learn her animals .
this came it quite a beat up box and there aren't enough supplies in it to do all of the experiments . i had to make a few alterations .
my son loves the ring its simple and does the job its not really big enough to fit the large scale wrestlers but other than that its cool
have three of these and they hold up good without breaking and battery last about 5 - 6 minutes . ronnie
my granddaughter thinks she is a princess , and loves all the pinkalicious books . this doll is perfect for her ! thanks .
bought as a gift for a 2 year old who loves to dress up she loved every outfit as well as the trunk it came in
my sweet little girl loved this ! she got this for christmas and was super excited to have gotten this ! ! thank you
not sure why this costs so much when it is the quality of a 75 cent beach ball . ours lost air the day after i blew it up .
she looks exactly like the barbie on the dreamhouse series ! my daughter is going to love her ! and at $ 8 who can go wrong ?
no scanner to scan food---kids love the microphone---but they have one at their grandmas ' that scans and beeps.wish this one did
it a cool toy for kids , however , save money and go to the dollar store and buy the real deals for a much better price .
this was purchased for my nephew . he already owned one scribblenauts ds game and wanted a second one . he was very pleased with this game .
we use it a lot , and it looks cute , easy to put up , and easy to clean ! love this smock a lot !
my grand daughter asked for these dolls and i got two different ones for her . is is pleased so that is all that matters to me .
my daughter loves the legos friends toys . i feel that they are a bit overpriced for what you get , though .
my daughter loves these stamps and plays with them for hours ! she is 4 and i am sure she will love them for a long time .
we bought 2 of these for the girls and they act like they are driving around town with them . they love them .
this is great for keeping all my son's chuggington train cars in . keeps them from just being put in a box or a tub to keep them .
grandson love it for his birthday . papo and schleich are both good brands for dinosaurs . both manufacturer's quality and detail are worth the money .
cute shoes and fit the doll beautifully . the shoes are well made using quality products . i hope to find this style in other colors .
while this is an appropriate addition to my grand son's castle , it really doesn't hold his interest like the other available accessories .
i gave it to my grandson so he can learn his shapes & numbers in a fun way plus be able to create anything else he wanted .
my grandkids loved these dresses . that says it all for me ! when they are happy i am too .
great physics experiment , lots of fun but every single tail broke off . be ready to cut plastic milk bottles and glue on new tails !
i like the idea that it make them feel like a grow-ups with this gel skin on their leap pad
this was one of the best gifts i gave . everyone loved this from the kids to the adults . it was fun to play with .
another christmas gift that is truly being enjoyed by my granddaughter who is becoming very crafty - loves the beads
these are a good size and look durable . if your kids or grand babies are as nuts about dora n boots as mine are they will love these
my 2 1/2 year old gets bored and doesn't want to push the button to turn the page each time . probably just her lack of attention span however ...
lots of pieces , and did not really hold my kids attention . they liked the real electronic version better . its also a pain to pick up
an 8 - year old was happy to receive these . they are a fun accessory for the american girl collection . tiny item , of course .
my 8 yr old loves monster high and she loves dance ! this made a great gift for her after her dance recital !
my son received this for his third birthday , along with the big imaginext castle . seems sturdy . he loves it . so does his dad .
easy to use . wonderful price comes with starter pack of rubber bands and s clips . love this loom especially for the price .
my grandkids have a great time with these and they are pretty good quality , got two sets so they can all battle at once .
every thing i get for my grand daughter has been just great the description is very good on the items
this is a nice little gift for a lego lover who also loves halloween ! my 6 year old had no trouble building it and he loves the ghost !
grandson loves it he said it is like his grandpa moter home . so he is happy what is the mane thing of getting those for him
this was so good we bought more track to go with this starter set . this makes a great gift for a young boy into little vehicles
these magnets are very cute . great gift for any child who loves animals . also , works great on the fridge for those precious pics your kids make .
a bit too small and complicated for a year and a half boy . not many pieces either .
this was a gift for my grand =d aughter sofia and she loves it . it is precious and will be played with for some time .
my cousins son wanted this so i bought it for him . i don't know anything about the actual game but i know he enjoys it .
this is a christmas present and has not been used yet so i cannot give a rating like the colors and should be fine
very cool legend toy a must have in your collection easy to transform realy neat g1 style transformation toy so get it ! !
very sweet ! good quality . as described . would recommend ! looks exactly like the character from the game and cartoon . my son loves it !
this furniture is durable enough to stand up to the toughest pre-k students . the boys and girls both love it !
my 2 year old loves this moon . we turn it in every night and she clicks the remote through all the lunar phases .
but again that was the point . i bought this for my dog who loves to chase things and things that make noise .
my granddaughters just love it . could not have chosen a better birthday gift . add the tshirt and you are a hero
the la dee da dolls are a favorite for my girls . they're cutesy and stylish , and the girls also love their hair .
this was just what my niece wanted for christmas ! she loves all of the friends legos and i will continue to get them !
it's an okay toy didn't go over as well with the kids as i had hoped , but it does what it says , just not overly impressed
this toys are very well made . the tires roll nicely . parts move , look great , not that large , not too small . just great .
i bought this for a little girl as a little extra gift . she loved it and had fun decorating it . very sturdy .
funny gag gift , you can also really use it if you like . it is real soap .
these brushes work well with the kits . they are smaller , but i found them easier to use . great for a lots of detail on kids faces
i bought this for my 67 yr . old brother's birthday , he loved it ! you are never too old to be a kid !
they had a good time twisting and turning it and making all kinds ofr shapes . good for church busy hands are quieter .
gave it to my 6 month old for christmas . he loved it . played with it the whole christmas morning . none stop .
brought for 4 year old grandchildren we now have the beginning of our own marching band ! the grandchildren love it the size is just right
my daughter has not yet tried this product out but her friend has one and she loves it my daughter friend got it from the same place
bought this for my 1 year old niece and she loves the noises and buttons and moving the steering wheel all around .
santa got these for the kids . they are a blast . but be advised they are not as accurate as they portray in the commericals
i love the jeep and the alien ship . if you liked the movie you'll love the set . is a nice addition to my super heroes collection
our grandsons were very pleased and excited to get this lego skiff . both put this one together and didn't fight at all .
our whole family loves adventure time and i used these for my kid's birthday cake decorations . they're really well made and not cheap looking . go adventure time !
the flying chicken is a good one . careful with the stitching . great fun , and a funny form through the air .
well packed , each booklet is quite light on its own . great for including in kiddies party pack . my kids love it
i already have the cat , the dog , the girafe , the lion and tiger , why not adding the croco in the family
this puzzle is exactly what i have come to expect from melissa and doug . great colors , cute image and well made . i would highly recommend .
my grand daughter plays with this by the hour , that says it all . the item was packed and shipped as stated .
my son loves his " christmas tree " . excellent quality you know you can expect from plan toys . happy with my purchase .
the colors are vibrant , shapes help with eye-hand co-ordination like a first puzzle , sounds of this toy are enticing to the user .
my son had fun with this at first but got bored with the game pretty quickly . he actually had more fun building with the pieces .
for the price you cant beat itits very cute and smells good to memy daughter likes it but its not her fav
we purchased this for our preschool program . kids range from 3-5 yrs old . adjustable seat makes for easy changed due to different heights .
my three-year-old grandson is enjoying this a lot . this is his first do a got book and it is a great fine motor activity for him .
more math than game , but it is good if your kids like math , it didn't hold our grandkids interest for too long .
this came boxed very nicely ; waiting for just the right time to surprise my 4 - year old granddaughter . she will love this gift !
it's a great accessory to the jake boat but much smaller . he enjoys it just the same , just a mommy thought . :)
for the little cousins into star wars , if you find this cheap then jump on itif not , its not worth it
easy to use doll has snap on clothing and accessories . great price . your daughter or niece will love it ! highly recommended !
my son loved this toy even without the microphone . our microphone shorted out almost immediately ! ! very fun , my 6m old son used until 2ish .
my kids love their leapsters ! ! my son was so excited to be able to play star wars on it too ! !
they are really nice boots that fit the american doll . my granddaughter will love these boots for her american doll .
my son and i fight over this item all of the time i have so much fun playing with this it is so entertaining
my 15 month old daughter loves to play with this ! one of her favorite toys . i like that it is made of wood .
i would buy this toy again if it had a lid ! i have a very difficult time storing it with no cover but tons of small pieces in it
it is just as sweet as it looks . it was bought for our 5 year old granddaughter . she loved it . perfect for her baby dolls .
my daughter loves this . it has worked flawlessly since day one and provided her and several of her friends hours of pogo jumping fun !
an adult must put this together the first time . it adds a new level to the geo track fun . i just wish the trains went in reverse .
i like this toy , the only problem is finding somewhere to fill it up with the helium . otherwise it's great .
my 7 year old grandson loves to collect these lego sets with the mini figures ! great addition to his collection !
happy halloweeb to my nephew he wanted to be a dr so i found this i thought it was cute because it came with all the peices
when on a trip or just a ride to the mall , this is a must have for my 4 ' year granddaughter ! ! !
my granddaughter loves this set , and dresses them on her doll everyday.they are very soft and well made and easy to put on .
it is for my nephew . he is only one but i think he will love them just the same . he is smart
my daughter really enjoys this table a lot - and i love that it is adjustable since she is on the short side . great purchase !
no batteries just old fashioned fun . bought these to go with the bows and target . entire family getting in on the fun .
very cute game ! my four year old love doc mcstuffins and this is now her favorite leapfrog game to play !
5 star , recommend this pad to anyone , it is a great learning tool . couldn't find this in stores at christmas time the pad is very well made
the price was great . it is durable and i am sure my grandson will love this toy . he loves the movie .
wonderful kit . fun to incorporate both the shrinky dinks and jewelry making . would buy this again . always been happy with alex toys quality .
i bought these for the kids treasure box at school , they enjoyed them tremendously , would buy them again . cute small items for party or treasure box .
i really loved this toy it was awsome . i really liked the colors . it really stood out . i whould definettly recomend this to anyone !
doesn't work as well as i had hoped . replaced the junk battery that my rc came with but this is not much better .
just as i remembered from many years ago . entertaining and fascinating to watch . keep his beak wet and he drinks forever
fun and entertaining . good product like the game fun and entertain to play with friends and family . i got a few of these products bop it
i have told others were to get this item because they liked them on me . well made , soft , easy to turn the lights on and off .
picture looks deceiveing , its not big at all . i never looked at the dementions so here they are ... 2.4 x 5.9 x 7.7 inches
fun game for all ages . very creative way to have fun and develop awareness of similar and different with a push for speed .
my daughter loves the game . she plays it all the time . i highly recommend it . she is 7 and really enjoys it .
nicely made and fits well . it was relatively easy for my grand daughter to put it on her doll by herself .
product not as expected but it waswhat my grandson requested , shipper was very good . but please the boy . that is all that matters
who doesn't love the walking dead and then who doesn't love " rick " . sturdy and well designed . stands steadily . great detail .
i buy gifts to suit my grand kid's tastes . she is into monster high dolls . she likes having this outfit for her dolls .
this tractor was a great selection for my twin grandsons . the way it shakes and sounds like a real tractor was terrific .
great quality product , durable , great for little hands . i bought the triangle crayons and they broke these will last awhile
bought for my kids , ages 4 & 2 , and both had a great time with it . great craft for a rainy or snowy day at home !
the kids played with it a bit but really did not get into it that much.but it lasted a few weeks
excellent gift for my husband ! he was very suprised to recieve it . we especially love the fabric on the figure .
my son is two and wants to fix everything , this was a great gift . we love it and the quality is great .
i bought two of these for both of my granddaughters . so their mothers would have this for when they got older . thanks for the swift delivery
my son loves this toy . repeated replay value.this toy can be played with in and out of the water .
we love the little guys - my grand kids loved them.my grand daughter has a collection of them - she enjoys playing with them
my nephew loved it . fits well with his collection of lego trucks . good size . and looks perfect with lego sets .
we have been looking for shrinky dinks at the stores and could not find them so we were excited to find them on your website .
love that the drill goes both forward and reverse ! the screws are not to difficult for 1 year old to figure out . great toy
great game . i enjoy playing this as a family when we have company over . hours of fun and competition with others
my son loves this hat . these hats could fit adult . if the child have big heads - this is perfect ! ! !
you get what you see . i used them for a kids party . colors are good , true to picture . fun glasses
got this as a christmas gift for my friends 9 year old son . he loves it ! ! ! would buy again . lots of activities .
my niece and nephew loved these so much that they ended up coloring on the walls . so they love them . their parents don't !
got this for my grand daughter in order to learn to tell time . it help her alot and she is now not asking mommy what time it is .
my grand daughter must have at least 6-8 of these dolls , now . they are very durable and can withstand even the roughest play .
excellent loomings bands , bright colors and quality , my kids love this bands , there is bands in every corner of my house ! ! !
this arrived in perfect condition and on time . this was a perfect addition to my sons angry birds collection . quick and easy as always !
i wish this came with its own bears , it would have made it easier . its a good learning tool just needs to come in a full set
great puzzle ! perfect challenge my 5 year old needed . love the design for my son . it makes him want to try the challenge out .
i love the wooden play food because they seem to be more durable than the plastic ones that we previously had . my grandchildren enjoy playing with them .
good xmass gift for 4year old . she loved this more than anything . looks , feels very good condition . no issues . ! ! !
this was a present that my 6 year old grand daughter asked for . it didn't make a whole lot of since to me , but i'm old .
haven't used this yet but the parents were very happy to see it included in our gift of the leap frog ultra .
anything having to do with mario's wii game is a winner . this toy has stood up to lots of playtime !
my daughter loves this thing and its very soft and the light is nice at night but they will use a lot of batteries even with the auto shut off
it ` s a great toysize , price everything is perfectthanksarrived on timekids love this fantastic productquality is excellent 100 % good
nothing special .. my my taste but my kids love it . my boys are nerf heads they use it all the time
this is easy to learn , book is very explanatory and daughter learned it within an hour and loves doing it .
this is an excellent tube , though the colors do make me think of nbc . it's durable and floats like it should . great for kids or adults .
i purchased this for my grandson . he loved it ... he loved being able to put things in the dump part and toss them on the ground ! !
this is a fun , easy to learn game that helps build your strategy . yet even younger kids can play it .
made good stocking stuffers easy fun gift . would be good to use in gift bags for bday parties . would buy again .
these are all made of wood and the paint is bright and doesn't chip . we love these high-quality toys in our kids play kitchen .
i bought this for my 3 year old son to play on his leappad since he loves cars so much ... he plays it all the time !
these are your standard duplo blocks ... found this set to be a good value compared to other sets price vs . quantity
ah , the wood and the king of the children , my children have had two lost . so i just bought another .
our three year old loves this train . i like how the front car pivots between the second and third wheels for turning .
solid wood , great quality , hurts then your 2 year old hands / throws it at you . perfect for her kitchenette . great value , well made .
this is a great party game , as long as no one is particularly sensitive . this is the original game and has everything you need to play .
my girls 3 & 7 still play with it a year later . perfect gift that will last for years to come and it's a classic piece !
i purchased for a christmas gift and made a 10 year old girl very happy . the outfit is made well and a great value for the money .
this product came on time and in new condition.it has been great for teaching how to play the game.my son likes it very much .
this turned out to be a perfect chanukah present for my boys who can't get enough of the dino to truck and back again action .
i bought these thinking they were the jumbo ones so they are in a drawer put up until my lil one can use them with out breaking them
my 2 boys love this . they played with it all week after they got it for christmas until they went back to school .
my grand daughter loves to hand make cards for everyone and this is just the right thing for her . she really enjoys it .
i gave this to my four year old grandson . it was well received , but the fascination with it wore off after a while .
i didn't keep this product . it was not what the child had asked me for . that was my fault not the product .
i loved this and it really great for the car . no mess which is great for really long road trips
got this for my almost 4 year old . we have several other bruders and have been pleased with them all .
will only keep you play for 15 ' and that was it because there is not that many options . after that , there is nothing to do .
my grandson loves this toy . it is one of his favorites and he does play with it more then any other toy that he has .
this we s really nice to have on hand when it came time to wash windows . a great buy especially if your short !
this was abirthday gift for my neice who loves it . it takes a little getting used to but is loads of fun .
you cannot go wrong with any leggoit went with his other leggo sets and the loved ithe builds the set and added this to his collectioni would recommend
cute toy . my daughter doesn't play with it much , but she did like it when it arrived .
great concept . sister is a math teacher and she thought it was a great idea . get's you thinking that is for sure !
i sent this to my older grandson for christmas and my son said he loved it . i was one of the first things he played with
my daughter thought this was boring . the stable is nicely made , but the horses are tippy and not usual breyer quality .
my 4 year old caught on to this game easily and really enjoys playing it . good app and workds with the leappad 5
we have given these as gifts several times . they are always received well . my boys love alex tub stickers . we have several different sets .
my 5 year old nephew loved this toy . i was looking for something inexpensive for christmas that wasn't just junk . this was perfect .
this train is a great train for any little guy . my son has played with this train every day since we bought it .
i love the whole day of the dead thing . she's a really cool looking doll . not a lot of accessories with her but still very cool .
is very small . but looks good and well made.nice colours and design.it is too small in my opinion though .
bought this as a gift for my grandson . he loves it and i need to buy this for myother granddaughter for her to use also .
these are not just flimsy empty cardboard boxes like some play foods . nice sturdy construction and realistic . glad i got them .
i feel that i am overall pleased but as far as rating ? the miniature is a 5te flight stand is a 3the game system i would give a 3
these tracks are brand new and work with our thomas train wooden set . great price and i would buy again .
my son absolutely adores this . he plays with it every day and it has so many extras that he play with it all
very good product . it sure saves on batteries . i just can't imagine not having this product . again it is from leapfrog !
my son loves to play his inno tab cars 2 game . it keeps him entertained and away from doing miss haps around the house
use these for my awana attendance charts and they serve the purpose well . kids love to see which face they'll get each week .
6 year old loves it and completed it by herself . lots of small pieces like the other lego friend sets but really cute and detailed .
nice flywheel blaster but has high tendency to jam at trigger when in a firefight ... design flaw in the mag lock system resulting in the frequent jams ...
nice set from an iconic movie ... it will be better to get 3 sets to do the 3 versions available ... instructions are enclosed inside the box ...
its batman ! ! everything about this is wonderful . diesel looking and ready to go . i almost want another one of the same figure for another room .
i bought this as a gift for my nephew . i think he'll really enjoy putting them together and making them .
this was a first birthday gift for my son . he doesn't have much interest in it but the toy itself is good quality .
got these for my baby boy . he bangs them and nests them and seems to like them a lot . i like how nice and sturdy they are .
she is pretty in pink ! i love her purply eyes , i wish my eyes were this color . gorgeous sleeping beauty !
i was looking for a pretty simple barbie to give as a gift and i saw this on the lightning deals , worked out great .
great size for sitting on a display shelf . excellent detail . love their look . great addition to a walking dead collection .
fun game for all the grand-children - 3 year old boy , 5 year old & 8 year old girls .
got these to hand out for halloween . perfect price for that - cheaper than candy and the kids love seeing something other than candy !
this rocket was a great find but batteries in it tonight and was delighted to see it worked like a charm
my daughter loves this thing . it's the same as the one in the store , so it arrived looking exactly as expected .
my girls love these shoes and have no problems using them with their american girl dolls . they're so cute ! great deal !
my grandson loves legos . this is a perfect gift for the creative mind . three build choices plus , the fun of the build .
a good set to learn colors and vegetable / fruits names , it is also well made . it is more for learning than form playing
bought for my grand son to go against the rampage . easy to use and never hurts when used properly . adults use it too .
i bought this lawn mower for my 2 year old son , however my 4 year old daughter loves it too . it's loud but it keeps them happy
the tape was perfect for a toddler boy's construction birthday party ! i had gotten 2 rolls which i'm glad i did so i could have it everywhere .
my daughter received this christmas and she loves it . she has already played with both dolls and they seem well made .
bought to go with leap pad given to granddaughter for christmas gift . works well in protecting leap pad when being carried .
my son is 10 months and i probably got this at about 6 months . he just never got interested in it . i thought he'd love it .
my 2 year old daughter and 6 year old son love chuck . for $ 5 we got a new movie and a small chuck figurine . great price !
my daughter pulled this thing around forever ! ! - its nice cause it has wheels andtalks to her
worked perfect . would recommend buying more than one . the amount does not last long when purchasing games etc ! !
my 7 and 5 year old have spent hours enjoying this book . i highly recommend it ! it's the perfect rainy day activity .
this item is a great deal of eggs.the problem was that many of the eggs would not work . not good qualitynot so cheap !
bought it for a christmas present for my granddaughter . she loved it . many hours of fun making things for a cold snowy winter . or anytime !
chose this as a birthday gift for a nephew turning 4 , he loves it ! perfect addition for any jake fans
another great leapster game ! my boys love collecting tickets to buy monster parts . who says learning can't be fun !
a great addition to the city collection . good amount of pieces for the money and perfect for a six year olds skill level .
nice game for the price but the cartiages are a bit old school for this generation of children . not bad for the price .
grand kids love it and it is easy to shop amazon than go to town and fight the crouds at the stores
my granddaughter is a barbie fan . she has so much fun dressing up the dolls . she was happy to get these shoes for her doll .
very happy with this purchase . feel like it will protect the leappad . since we use an adapter battery changes are not a problem .
we used these for birthday favor boxes and they were easy to expand and very very cute for the kids !
pretty much a $ 20 carriage . i know legos are expensive but in this case it's only worth it if you have a cinderella fanatic .
my 6 year old daughter loves it . wings fell off easily though . she's pleased with it so that's why i gave it 4 stars .
my grandaughter loves this and still plays this piano . she loves to sings so she thinks she is playing what she is singing .
this is a great party game , as long as no one is particularly sensitive . this is the first small expansion to the original cards against humanity .
i was wonderfully surprised to find that the quality of this product was so wonderful ; very sturdy and i believe will withstand a 9 year old girl
you get a lot of bands in this inexpensive set . it has kept my kids in the bracelet making business for months .
you can never go wrong with a melissa and doug product - they're the best . quality product for creative minds .
bought it for a year old and not useful for her . she cant use it easly but it is cute .
he is adorable and a keeper for all horse lover . i am in love with this little horse and not too old to say it ! ! !
turned out to be great present for a 3 year old boy . batman is now his favorite superhero . solid toy i don't expect any issues with .
every little girls needs for her baby doll . play bottle of milk and juice and the vegetables were so cute .
this is my daughter ( 5 ) favorite game . she plays it frequently and has not got bored with it in over 4 months .
my 6 year old loves this game . he really loves to learn and this game makes learning very fun . :)
my 2 year old grandson loves curious george and he loves these puzzles . he still needs some grown-up participation , but they hold his interest .
the color is the exact as the picture , my girl likes it a lot and wants to drag it at the first glance of that .
my daughter just got this game today and has not put it down yet ! she says it is fun fun fun ...
most boys aren't really into crafts , but this one appealed to my son enough that he finished all of them .
if you are used to the genuine rainbow loom products then these bands will be a disappointment . they are hard and stiff and not very flexible at all .
beats the heck out of scissors ! superb quality product , nicely priced , well packaged , arrived quicker than expected . could not be happier .
drones are in the news a lot these days . now you can fly your own drone ! such a thrill !
this was the first time i tried this and wow this was cool . i used cheap diet pop and it worked flawlessly and everyone loved it .
my 3 year old daughter loved this puzzle . image was interesting and fun to put together . pieces were good quality .
my son loves this . he enjoys learning all the different circuit connections that he can make to see different results . excellent learning toy !
purchased as a christmas present for my grandson . i know he will love it because he love cars . i gave 4 stars .
bought this for my grandson for christmas ! he loves it and it holds up really well . looks exactly like the chuggington characters on tv
this is a great game for kids to play . it helps a lot with eye and hand coordination . this will keep them occupied .
sturdy , colorful and keeps his attention . great toy for kids . my grandson plays with it all the time . recommend to anyone with toddlers .
it is exactly what it says it is . it's a good expansion for 7 wonders . it adds more replay value to the game .
bought for my 2 yr old grandaughter for xmas . she really loves it . she wanted us to open the box for her to play with right away .
this pair of binoculars wasn't very well made . one would expect better from a mellisa & doug product . a bit disappointed .
arrived quickly , more than 300 land cards were shipped and all in very good shape . ranged from beta through current decks .
it was nice to find a guy doll that didn't cost an outrageous price . it is something my kids have been asking me for .
another decent expansion that cannot be used as a standalone product . be sure to buy the original dominion or the intrigue dominion first .
perfect for younger kids who are interested in playing games . we're impressed with this company and look forward to purchasing other items .
the main problem with this item is the lidit easily pops off and any child would rather remove the top then try and fit the shapes into the holes
cheap price , cheaply made , sorta functional . i wouldn't recommend wasting your money .
one of grandsons ( age 2 1/2 yrs old ) favorite toys this christmas . very durable too ! would highly recommend this item !
this take-n-play track expansion is so cute and the price on amazon made it an excellent purchase . it was a great addon to my son's tracks .
great addition to our wooden track . no issues with it locking in or fitting . gave a nice extra design ability to the tracks .
great accessories.my daughter loves that there is a free app that she can use the key on to unlock more monster high fun
probably one of my wife's favorites for her collection . holly is an important part of the cars story and if you collect , she is an essential character .
it is a great sarter tablet for young ones . but if they have already played on an ipad then they will not like it .
my grandson is a lego addict and this put his mind to work with this exciting series of model builds . i purchased the white house also
the 3 piece thomas and friends bath squirters were purchased as a gift and the gift exchange is this coming week .
have not painted it yet - need time but loving the picturecan not wait to have relaxing time at the beach to paint it
this is a simple to use , realistic stand mixer . the quality seems high and my kids have had great fun mixing like mom and dad !
great little leapfrog leappad display case . great for hanging or sitting a leappad up for the littler ones in your life .
i like the glow in the dark concept and the shooting mechanism , but sometimes the darts fall out . overall a fun toy to play with though .
my son loves his darth vader . good quality and has held up well during all his angry birds recreations using pillows , blocks , etc .
the idea of the toy is great but it has a short battery life . the children like playing on it but it doesn't last long
bought this as a gift because my nephews love flashlight . i don't know how well / or if they are still going but i haven't heard any complaints .
my granddaughter enjoyed this book around the christmas holidays and played after the holidays as well just starting to enjoy shapes and sounds !
i went happy napper crazy last year and all my grandkids got one and they all love them ... very good investment for me ...
stuffed these into small blocks of plaster for a mining themed birthday party . kids broke them out and had a blast . highly recommended !
arrived promptly in good condition . was smaller than i expected but that's ok . i thought it was a well constructed toy .
i purchased for my 6 month old grandson . he absolutely loves them . they are just right size for his hands
it is just the right height for my twin boys . it comes with 2 balls which is great and they have tons of fun .
she's exactly as i expected her to be . very pretty , and her outfit is really well made . a must have for any fan .
i am sure this christmas gift will be perfect for my grandaughter ... as she loves legos and enjoys building
i bought this ninjago for my middle son and he loved it . he put it together in about 1hr and the final product was great .
love these . works great with the fisher price noah's ark i got my daughter for christmas . good size for a toddler
tried everything and got no movement . tried new batteries and still nothing . not worth replacing . disappointing for my 7 year old .
when you add this lego to the rest of the endor lego's it fits well . just a little sampling of all the lego's that fit this enactment .
soft and shiny but not that metallic fabric that flakes . very nice companion to our plush rapunzel . very good buy .
i just love melissa and dough items . this game helps to pass the time on long car rides . both the kids and adults enjoy this game .
abgry birds star wars 5 " plush - leia - thank you , the item will fit well in my build a bear collection
great game for small groups . quick thinking on the spot in several categories provides challenge for all . exciting and so much fun .
these toys stay at grandma's ; house for my two boys agess 3 and 4 . they're easy to transform and don't cause frustration .
good product . the magnets work really well to keep the boats together . good price , delivered conveniently to my door in the time promised .
my seven year old daughter loves to play with this toy and received it brand new in the mail in a timely manner .
my niece used this for a " tea party " and her friends thought it was cool . they're eight and of course there was no tea .
my son loves all games with balls , so he has a great time with this . pins are easy to stand up and they stay up .
these little animals are just adorable . their faces make them very lovable , and their size makes them tiny hand friendly .
my daughter and her husband asked for this for christmas . they had played it at a party and had really enjoyed it
my son was scared of crocodiles / alligators and watching peter pan . got this to help him with his fears and he loves " al ' the alligator
beautiful little drum for 3 year old granddaughter . colors are so bright and cheerful . would not necessarily buy for older child .
grandkids loved these . one grandson made a radio and loved it , so he didn't want to make anything else . really educational and fun
not for young children i bought this for a grandson that was to young to understand it on his own
my grandson loves thomas and friends trains . he plays for hours with these . and this one he loved just as much
even is the outfit , look pretty , the material does not have the quality that you expect when you se it , very cute shoes
cute & fast shipping , once out of package , it's too much to stack all the food on the one burger . but still very cute .
my son loves this game and it teaches him a lot . he reconizes all letters of the alphabet and knows all of there sounds
this is amazing sorting activity is great in my montessori work area . very low cost comparing to other montessori items .
we were astaunted about the color selectin . we definitely would buy this product again . my daughter started right away on a bracelett .
my 2 1/2 year old is in love with her disney princesses ! shipped very quickly and no complaints ! a must have for a little girl !
this is a very useful toy for small children learning to manipulate the keyboard . they enjoy playing with it and have learned so much already .
my neice was very happy with the daryl dixon action figure . she is a big fan of the walking dead series .
adorable small party favor . the kids loved them and making them play together . fit right in the favor bag and was a nice surprise for them .
the size of the hanger were too small for 18 inch doll clothing ; size is more suited to barbie dolls
my four year old niece loved this gift . . and the leap frog items continue to entertain this young reader for long periods of time ...
so disappointed with this . five minutes of flight time per 60 minutes of charging time . no thanks . returning it for a rainbow loom .
grandkids use it a lot ! and it's educational as well as entertaining so what's not to like ?
one of the eggs doesn't always crack open when it falls but still a lot of fun for the kids .
sent this as a gift to my 3 year old niece along with a lalaloopsy book . she had never heard of these dolls and immediately fell in love .
these are for my 4 year old boy and he loves to eat on them they are sturdy and well made
great carry case for lego collection my 4 year old grandson has at my house . i would recommend to a friend .
these are wonderful toys / learning tools . my 7 and 4 year olds really like making patterns with these . this is a very well made product .
the grand children and the adults enjoy playing this game . it brings allot of laughs and a good time for all
purchased two , one for two girlsf or christmas . this is what one said she wanted so i ordered another for one in another family
we are very happy with the quality of this set . we bought quite a few hape sets for christmas , and they have all been fantastic .
can't beat the levers on this product . excellent quality and attention to detail . my son likes it , i love it .
my granddaughters loved the color i give this a 5 star and recommend the quality of the product . this was a color hard to find
so happy i could find this monster high ice bed . tough item to find in stores - price was right .
she loves it , it came with everything you need to create whatever you want . i didn't have to buy anything extra , nice
i love this set because my granddaughter loves this set ! the pots and pans are so realistic and cute ! she really enjoys playing little miss homemaker !
my 2 year old daughter loves this toy . she plays with it independently . excellent quality . i think she will enjoy this toy for awhile to come .
we got it for our two year old , and she is amazed by the mechanic of this . good educational toy !
cute earrings , exactly what i was expecting . plus , the price can't be beat and the mustache look is very in right now .
my grandson loves to play with this . it makes sound and is easy to handle . great for toddlers and won't break .
given to granddaughter as a gift - she was happy with them - she was using them on christmas day and her drawings were pretty neat .
my granddaughter loves cars , so when we needed to get new games to accommodate her learning level , this was a no brainer .
small and not well made . for the amount of cars we buy these companies should make some well made toys to go with them already.returning .
trucks were to be a gift , but they looked cheaply made and did not seem to be worth the money . i decided to return them .
fisher price makes quality products my daughter loves this because of the extra thought they put in by including the musical lullaby !
bought this as gift for grandchildren who are always making up stores , works good as a game in the car , or for some ' quiet ' time .
we like star wars and thought it was cute , just very hard to get the pieces out without the buzzer . so we play but kids get frustrated .
bought this set for my grand daughter's birthday gift , it has nice color and the blocks are sturdy enough for her little hands . nice educational toy .
this doll is adorable with the prettiest pink hair ever . my grandchildren were so excited when they saw this doll . this doll is dressed so cute .
i got this set for the minifigs and accesories . not a cool set ( from a guy's perspective ) , but fun and good , nonetheless .
i gave this as a gift and my friend's daughter likes it . it is very colorful and stands up well .
these mesh squishy balls are quite odd . they're a fun texture . great for using as stress balls or just playing catch with .
who knows why kids love certain toys but my neice loves this green thing ... loves it .
but i'm sure the child i gave it to liked it even more than i did . great learning tool , too .
her pet ( bug ) is really cute . her hair is cute too , the outfit is not so pretty , but my daughter love her .
my kids love jessie ! the voice is the same as on the movie and it's all around pretty darned cool .
school buses are a big hit with the little ones . my granddaughter just loved this . lalaloopsy and a school bus ... a winning combination !
play nerf with my kids , got this as a spare for my praxis , works great . it's an accessory , but i needed more words to submit .
bought for my 2 year old little boy for christmas . he loves it - as does my 5 year old daughter . highly recommend !
this was a great trackmaster addition because it's so colorful . the little one enjoyed adding it to the others .
great first game . i do wish hasbro provided enough plastic holders for all the cardboard hero pieces . seems silly that that they don't .
this super soft , adorable zebra was a gift for my daughter . she absolutely loves it . it is extremely well-built and high quality .
and my 2 year old loves this thing ! ! ! 1 he loves putting his change in there ! ! !
we love these sand toys . my girls love pretending to make ice cream . the bucket is nice and sturdy and the scoops are great !
these melissa and doug pans are realistic , well made and nicely packaged . they came in a rack that serves for storage . my grandkids love them .
the gund plush of oscar the grouch was exactly what i was looking for . my grandson adores sesame street characters .
nice fun product . nicely built , easy to use . only the small fan broke easily . but it has a spare one .
shocked it was available at the price i got it for . a beautiful new addition to the monster high dolls ..
this was gift for granddaughters 3 and 6 years old . it is fun for all to watch them watch themselves .
you look kind of funny , but it does what it says so kids are shocked when you know what they are doing behind your back
another hit ... still going strong since christmas . nieces daughter thinks i am so cool for buying tattoos . ha ... they are really cute tattoos .
my grandson loves bubbles ! they fit in the goody bags and all of the kids had a great time blowing bubbles outside !
not really worth 7 bucks maybe 4 my kids are not that interested in it . nice colors just not impressed .
quality toy . my son love thomas trains . i appreciate wooden toys when we can get them . will be part of a set we keep forever .
melissa and doug approved this bunny for a good rason . it is without flaws . soft , no odor , no lint , clean and washable .
great toy . we have three of these . he still plays with it started at 12 months now 2 years old . easy to use . he love it
she had fun riding on her new friend in the pool . it really only accommodates one child safely but seats the child very well .
the out fit looks to be made well and are what i expected for an 18 inch doll , very cute . thank you
my son like this for about 1 year . ages 1.5 to 2.5 i could not expect it to last much longer than that .
this made a great christmas gift . decent quality for plastic toys and my daughter loves to take these with her for a travel toy .
this is a great case for the leapster explorer . i just wish the camera attachment would fit in there too . glad i finally bought them though !
these sheets did an amazing job holding a 1000 piece puzzle together . even when i dropped it , the puzzle held together .
even when is a litle product , it was really entertaining play set , i really like build it whith my nephew
kids love this . great game for all the family . our family loves to get together and play games . great fun for all the family .
great physics experiment , lots of fun but every single tail broke off . be ready to cut plastic milk bottles and glue on new tails !
i love these dolls ! they are fun and different . i love the hair the clothes . i love everything about this collection !
my granddaughter loves pretend cooking and this was a great addition to her little kitchen . decent price and easy to order .
my son only being 1 still doesn't quite understand this toy but i love it ! it's very bright and cute . it's works great .
my four year old granddaughter has enjoyed playing with this doll . the accessories are fun ! perfect gift for a little girl .
my 2 year old daughter likes playing with this . she has learned a lot of letters and sounds because of this ' toy ' .
my six year old granddaughter absolutely loved this gift . she got a lot of brave related items for christmas , but this was one of her favorite .
perfect ! what more can i say ? other than that , i can't imagine what i would want these additional little step-on-it-and-scream toys for .
i love playing board games and card games with my two kids - this gets them to practice their imagination and story telling ;
my son loves the tmnt and he loved this . he wants to collect all of them and get the playset as well .
my 3 year old daughter went nuts when she got this . its a great toy . its like potato head but with minnie mouse .
all of my granddaughter's loved this when they opened it on christmas morning and they play with it daily with the lets rock ernie and cookie monster .
i love the exclusives and i think they are so pretty . i want to get all the exclusives but that won't happen .
its a very nice product . though the apron is not of very good quality , i bought another one and the set is just fine . thank you .
a bit annoying as it has no turn-off switch but the toy is great otherwise so my son lovwes it and the free ipad app works well with it
i got this for my son for christmas . my son loves this and i do to . it is a great product .
this is a nice set f cool little cars ! my grandson loved them . great value for the money . would recommend .
tested all 40 of them upon arrival and all 40 arrived in working order to go right into gift bags .
this basket with grocery items is much enjoyed by my 5 year old grand daughter . she love to play " fill up the basket & purchase items . "
this was very cute but not very sturdy ! it got bent the first day . top does not stay on very well .
it is a decent bey and being a left spin helps but f : s isn't really a useful bottom to use for any bey .
i love this ! it is colorful , functional , and the perfect size for my boys to build and create lego masterpieces !
two and four year old both enjoy this toy , and i like the educational aspects , plus , no batteries . nice quality as well .
my oldest granddaughter love's this it was one of the first gifts that she opened . and she loves playing with it .
grandsons love spongebob & friends they will enjoy hours of playing with these.great price for the set.very colorful and durable !
case is just right . everything fits just fine . really nice . case is very durable . if dropped , case will not open .
recommended highly the loom came with rubber bands but if you want a specific color then this is what needs to be pruchased
very pretty doll with a nice outfit and she comes with two wigs . she's much better than her playset that this series is based around .
such a cute train , even the sides come up . my child gets so much enjoyment out of it and will for many more years i am sure .
this guy is just like he's described in the description . smaller than the rest of the set but toad is supposed to be
this doll is even cuter in person than the picture . i just love her ! ! ! she is built to last . for all ages .
great lill'quad . my little grand-daughter , age 19 months is able to ride all over the house on it ! she loves it . great quality !
it works . shoots arrows very far . adults enjoyed playing with it too . i want one . very satisfied with this purchase and would buy it again .
our granddaughter specifically wanted this one . she had the larger furby last year and this year she asked santa for the black and white one .
a must for any little barbie fan . is played with all the time . mattel makes very nice and durable toys and this is no exception .
this is not a soft toy . the palm palms do come off pretty easily . still a fun little childs toy
my granddaughter loves dinos ! this guy is just like walking a pet . we had it filled at local florist . it is still going after 2 weeks !
got this for our 2 year old granddaughter's birthday , and she olives it . she loves he raring her voice come out of it .
my 6 year old cousin loves all of the doc mcstuffins items and this is an especially cute stuffed animal .
i ordered this for my grandson for his birthday . he had put it on his amazon gift list . he was absolutely fascinated by it ! ! !
this is a good fun game with a disney twist . we enjoy the variety for activities for the kids when playing .
my 3 and a half year old loves all of these puzzles ! keeps her so busy but still easy enough to figure it out .
these are very big boxes . we were able to add candy and several small toys . making great thank you gifts for kids at party .
lovely discovery house . this keeps my son entertain for a good amount of time . it has many different functions with different response . great toy .
great product ! just what i needed to use for school . very colorful and with a smooth surface for writing names on them .
picked this up as a gift and it was much loved . tangrams are great fun to play with and good for the brain .
why buy the brand name when you can buy this quality game for much less and have just as much fun ? very happy with purchase .
i was excited to hear that my married son and their friends were playing this during the holidays . it was like giving them some fun for christmas .
this was one gift we were disappointed with , though the container is sturdy , the game was a lot smaller than we thought it would be for pre-schoolers .
my granddaughter loves it . she's hoping to learn how to play chess and checkers . she has a very good tutor .
this is a well built product that is sure to make any little princess excited to be in the castle . it was a big hit with my granddaughter .
i love this action figure . my favorite of the prime series . maybe i can find a display to show nephews .
my daughter loves her ' knuffle bunny ' , but was highly dissapointed when the darn thing's whiskers fell off on the first day ! i'm not surprised .
looks like with this , we'll be able to build a mega-track for our grandson's thomas and friends collection . getting hard to find in stores .
my 10 year old loves tying his own balloons with this ! taught his friends too !
it was a good deal and decent lego item to purchase . i would recommend to others who have kids interested in legos .
i purchased the " scrabble slam cards " as a christmas gift donation for the toys for tots toy drive . my rate is a guess .
my kids play on these everyday . these and the plasma cars i bought them have been the best investment for wearing the kids out . highly recommend them .
got these for my nephews and they , being gun-loving little boys , love this and their mom loves that it's nerf and has safety glasses .
all i know is that she liked it and called it her computer . it is good for the littles ones motor skills and following direction concepts .
very fair price for the item . my first mega man x figure , and i'm happy to have it . hope more come out .
very good quality balloons , definitely worth the price . it's very easy to use . very pleased with purchase , would recommend it .
added this to the collection of my grandson for christmashe loved it , put it together by himself , he is 7would recommend to any one
great , cute beanie ! my 6 year old daughter loves it ! durable so far , but have only had it since christmas .
this is not a toy it is a novelette item with a cute gimmick and limps hanging off of it . only get this for display .
some of the items are a bit cheap , but my daughter has enjoyed playing with the kit , and i am glad that i purchased it for her .
children love this gift . they can learn numbers and pretend to be talking on the phone . sturdy gift for little ones .
my girls got this for christmas and love it . the little pet shops that come with it are super cute !
this was super easy to put together and a great teaching tool for my young son .
very happy to support a local company that provides great imaginative toys that are also earth friendly ! ! love all their products .
very small but good for party favors , wind up and it rolls on its own . it was a hit with the boys mostly .
great alternative to the dominoes genre . make sure to pick this up for your gaming library aong with banangrams .
saw this on tabletop and had to have it . my kids ( ages 7 and 10 ) and i play this often , and it's fun every time .
we bought this hot weel as a gift , but i am sure our cousin in thailand will love it .
to cute of a horse , grand daughter loves it . she rides it all the time and he whinnies and talks .
i gifted this to my one year old nephew for his birthday and everyone loves it . a little pricey , but loads of fun .
bought this as a christmas present and was pleasantly surprised with all that was included . it was a great price and cheaper than the in store version .
good service . doll is hard to find but it was available . price was good . received product very quickly . she loves these dolls .
my 5year old grandson wanted this for christmas . he will enjoy it i know in the tub , floor or kiddie pool this summer . nicely made too
i bought these to go with the matching sweatshirt and they do . they are really cute together and seem like good quality .
they know kids and what they life . the bracelets are easy to make and the kids love to wear them .
christmas present enjoyed playing with my children now i can play with my grandchildren and see how fast we can play .
i enjoyed adding this toy to my collection of stuffed reptiles . its scales look almost realistic even though it is technically a stuffed toy . great nevertheless .
bought this as a gift for my granddaughter and she loves using them . glad i got this to go along with her bands .
nice card camp bit of a european touch it is fun with enough strategy to be interesting
great quality applique - pandas are hard to find so we have really enjoyed making things for our little panda fan :)
the expansion adds a new twist to a great game . new civilizations for even more options and more fun to be had .
melissa and doug toys are well constructed and educational . it makes a great gift for small children to learn the basics as well as hand-eye coordination .
super cute diary - - much nicer and beautiful in person . great price - very good quality . would purchase again . recommend !
a christmas gift for my daughter . she has played with this doll several times already since opening this christmas eve .
soft , durable . ordered another because the toddlers love it . we don't have to worry about balls hurting kids when they are thrown .
a lovely way to share tea parties with my littlest grandchildren . it is a great teaching tool too . they love it .
this is great to hold the knex toys in as well . we have 2 of these and they store a ton of toys !
this is a great game for kids . is better than the other because it plays different beats and has a nice color display while you play it .
we have the santa one and this one and the kids love putting diff pieces together to play with them !
i love this little doll bought it for my niece can't wait to give it to her she would be pleased it's the right size for her also
bought on a toy sale after christmas for the following year . large cute toys for stubby little hands to play with . fair price for this item .
very cute shoes , much better looking in person than on the computer . very pleased with this . santa put this in my daughters stocking for christmas .
my six-year-old granddaughter loves the pink backpack that her doll can wear be just like her when she goes to school !
these dolls are a perfect addition to your 1:12 scale dollhouse . they have detailed features and are bendable so they can sit at the table and in chairs .
another of my monster high collection - as always with amazon - the price was awesome and the doll is well-made
grandson is 5 yrs old and loves that this magically hoovers above his hand . it needs to be a bit more durable !
this is must have for your leappad ! it was cheaper to purchase this separately on amazon than the package deal on the leapfrog website .
my 3 year old granddaughter is a huge tangle fan . she loves playing and talking to these characters . really cute ...
my son is a big avengers fan and this was one of two lego sets he requested for christmas . it's a great set . i definitely recommend .
minions are a lot smaller than i thought , but my daughter likes this anyway . minions are everybody's favorite characters right now . fun
i gave this game to my daughter's family for christmas , and they took it with them on their vacation and said they love it .
it's such a large piece i almost have no place to put it on shelf . simply amazing in shaping and color , love this product
this was garbage before we broke each cardboard piece from the punch out . they bend while your trying to get them out and eventually snap or peel .
we have the learning resources jumbo animals - all animals . and my son and other kids who come to our home very happy with this animals
pin art black is a great item i got it for my niece it is very fun to play with she found it quite cute
she names if " elizabeth " . isn't that a great name for an elephant ? i had it sent directly to her home ..
this is for my granddaughter for christmas this year . she will love this doll with the real hair and all . thanks
this is a fun game to play with your kids . it is fairly well made and i do not have any complaints .
our child loves this george so much ! ! it is a bit bigger than the other one he has but it is still a great george
bought in december for my son , 2 months later he still plays with it daily ! i adore that it talks to him and he will talk back !
it's a pony - - it's a purse ! what could be better ! and the little purse is large enough to carry all sorts of treasures later on .
he loves it . each guy had his own storage box so the pieces stay together and won't get mixed up with each other and with other sets .
it is lost of fun to play and you learn different moves and read different words , can't wait until christmas .
fit very well and complimented many different outfits . the were a big hit and everyone was satisfied with the quality . nice to see little girls smile .
the pages have different parts to activate depending on how the child ( or parent ) wishes to navigate . great to use even without the tag pal .
perfect for little hands . look just like the characters from the movie . nice that there are six total pieces . buy this !
i purchased this for my son . it was surprisingly complex , but looks really good completed . he's now wanting more of the architecture items from lego ...
this dice game is easy to learn and fun . a great party game for multiple players and enjoyable for the family .
my 4 - year-old granddaughter enjoys this puzzle very much . the facts that it's so large and is done on the floor makes it extra fun .
bought this for my nieces 1st bday . again all of the parents asked how i knew about melissa and doug toys . thank goodness for amazon reviews .
my 18 month old granddaughter likes it but lasts for 5 minutes and moves on ... she enjoyed the box how ever
my little girl loves this thing now only it i can get her to clean up after herself instead of making a bigger mess it would be perfect .
i actually bought this for my nephew but my son saw it first and loved it so i had to order a 2nd .
these toys are ok but you must empty the water out of the bottoms or mold can collect.so make sure you use soap and hot water .
my little nephew loves this set . his parents make and eat real sushi and now he can pretend and play along !
my daughter loves tree's and tree houses so this was the perfect toy , it was much bigger then i expected when it arrived . it's not tiny !
very sweet ! good quality . as described . would recommend ! i have purchased many products from this vender . will be buying from again !
in this video i show the race track , how it works , and where it fails . overall the kids love it .
this moves really easily for toddlers , he has even sat in it and was so happy . he loves hauling the blocks
one of my favs ! these are prettier than they appear in the picture ! a good price , indeed ! and really show up on the dark !
excellent gift last christmas . children still play with and read the book of an everyday " lesson " . soft and well made . would recommend .
perfect size for small hands , not bulky . they work fantastically ! so much fun for playdates-a must have for the girl walkie talkie fans !
this is a nice little toy . it is cheaply made in my experience with other rc helicopters . its also much noisier than the other ones i fly .
she gets them out and all kinds of jewelry can be made . some of the pieces are hard to get together / apart but most work just fine .
super cute ! my daughter loves to " help " vacuum ! she always is trying to use our vacuum but now she just vacuums next to me !
we are an angry bird nd star wars loving family so we just had to get this plush toy line
the tattoos did not last a day . they rubbed off and she did not have a bath . not worth the purchase .
i bought these for my five year old's birthday , and so far , he loves them . he really likes the rainbow ones in particular .
this is a very cute and durable game for a little one . it's not flimsy like i thought it might be .
my nephews really enjoyed putting together the train & car . as for durability , it would be best served as a model and not played with much .
this was a ' must ' with all the legos my grandsons have . they no longer needed to use the lego pieces as their starters .
my son has a lot of the harry potter sets , and we bought these so he could keep them all together . i very much recommend them .
especially the ones from 0-9 :) it would be nice if there are more translucent ones and glow-in-the-dark types :)
this was definitely worth the money . the individual packs are about half this price and you get all three for $ 40 . perfect .
great for kids of all ages for big bubbles .. 2 y / o grand baby loves these ! ! !
my grand child was very happy with this gift i gave him for his birthday . he loves fire trucks and more .
the kids are so happy with this puppy , he gets played with daily . one of their favorite toys from santa , for sure .
got this as a christmas gift for me . it's cute and well made and the size is perfect to play with .
my sons collect these schleich figures , they are much more detailed than the other typical mythical figurines sturdy enough for children's play .
same old game , just new characters :-) my youngest asked for this and loves it . i enjoy playing with her as well ; definitely brings back memories .
actually was a little melted when i got it :( not as pleased as i would have liked to have been but it worked
my 11 year old daughter completed this kit without any help and had a great time doing it . no supplies required its all in the box .
it was a christmas gift and he loves it . nice sound fun to play . somrthing a little different for a music lover .
bought this for my 9 year old daughter so now she is able to feed her need to build with her girlie side !
box keeps them secure and lined up in order . these are great ! perfect for party bags . nice assortment of colors .
we bought this as a filler so our boys can build and be creative . i love having it and so do the kids .
one must have a strap for their tx if they are flying ... it just makes sense and it is a must ...
the decals stay lit for about 15 minutes then fade away . so far none have peeling off the ceiling or walls . we'll see ...
i bought this for my 2.5 yr old grand daughter and she loved it . a great buy for a doll house for her age group .
great experience in following step by step directions for the young . completed independently and with choice of three patterns to follow . legos are always appreciated and enjoyed .
just what she wanted ! she sings and lights up . the dress could have been designed better ... she's happy that is all that matters !
my grandson and i spent hours playing with this . he is now impressed with my ability to construct things with lego blocks
my 7 year old son loves mario so i got he this plush toy . it is cute but a little overpriced .
this is a beautiful doll . fourteen month grand daughter liked it . plastic smell was a little strong . arrived quicker than expected .
i bought this for my little granson for christmas , he will love it ! he loves to listin to music lol .
its a plate . thats all . nice to have a blue one instead of the typical green ones .
my 2 year old grandson loves thomas and friends trains - - i have just started buying them for him and he loves this one as well
my daughter loves this game ! it was a nice price and a very good purchase for my daughter's nintendo 3ds .
this is a cute and cuddly baby doll for our toddler granddaughter . soft and cuddly , it is a favorite for two granddaughters under 3 years old .
this is a great bubble maker , easy for children to use and also easy for cleanup . highly recommend this product .
it is really hard to find games that will keep my 3 year olds attention . this one had her from start to finish a + ! ! !
my four year old son loves them and he can't hurt my one year old no matter how hard he hits or swings .
love fisher price little people products and this did not disappoint . my nephew loves cars so these will make a perfect gift .
this thing went right in the trash two day's after installation . maybe i didn't follow the directions properly . dunno .
my niece just loved this ! ! it's so cute ! little figurines to set up and play with and even plays music ! ! perfect !
another christmas present , this is very small , looks much bigger in the picture , a little bummed out about the size .
shocked how strong these little things are and they sure can go on and on and on . my boy loves these
ok who doesn't love legos ? these are badass of course , who doesn't love star wars ... ok probably star trek fans . anyway its a nice set !
got this for my baby boy for x-mas he is doing great with it he loves dinosaur train and loves this game just as much
this is a nice way to keep up with all the barbie items that we ordered / clothes , shoes , and extra barbies .
every rescue team needs a good cop and police car for those high speed chases . sturdy and great for small hands . makes active play so easy .
bought these to use as toppers on a birthday cake . comes with trading cards . is a nice set of the " newer " ponies .
this seemed like a good deal . we have not heard from our son on whether he has had to replace many batteries for his son yet .
my granddaughter loves cars , so when we upgraded her mobigo games , this one was one of her first requests . she loves it .
this has been a blast with my grand child . she had so much fun waking up with him in a different spot everyday . i highly recommend it !
a favorite of my 10 month old grandson . great colors and the soft plastic perfect for chewing or sorting . great handle and lid easy to remove .
i recomment it - - my grand daughter love it.it came to us in good shape.she added it to her collection .
this puzzle is perfect for our 2 yr old grandson . he enjoys telling us what each letter is and putting them back in their designated slots .
the picture is misleading . this is just a case , no car at all . it is really not worth that money .
colors are very washable and our grand children love these markers . would highly recommend them . happy that we purchased them , and would buy more .
i got this for my grand daughter for christmas and she loves it . she said she feels safe when she goes to bed with this in her room .
i purchased this engine for my grandson because it was different from other traditional engines that he can use on his wooden track .
this game is a lot of fun for my four year old grandson . i also got him the one with " ice " . he loves them both .
real cute stacker cups ! i love it so much more than the orignal stackers that people sell ! i think it's great ! daughter loves it !
larger size is a big hit everyone including the smaller kids all the way up to the adults . get more than one . races and bopping matches .
i love toys that develop skills and this toy develops coordination while the grandsons are having a bast . highly recommend .
18-24 month loves this thing . mail in , mail out . lots of different sounds and able to stand up to abuse .
both of my kids love these things . it has a timer so it shuts off automatically after they fall asleep .
i bought this for my granddaughter for christmas and she absolutely loves it . i bought her all three and she loves playing with all of them .
this guitar is pretty , but not much else . it isn't very musical and you can't actually tighten the strings . oh well .
this zombie played a small but important part in season 2 when looking for sofia . this zombie is hands down awesome !
this was a nice little set for a great price , so i couldn't pass it up , and easy set for little ones to try on their own !
picking up after play is a bit of an issue but endless hours of fun building things make it worthwhile
my three year old loves these , the holes are nice , big and smooth . very durable and perfect for working on those fine motor skills .
this seemed to be a favorite among the girls . great selection of colors and designs . a great price as well .
i love this dice game , but is short and quick . its better play this dice game with 3 or more players .
this has kept my kids entertained for much longer than anticipated . it's fun to listen to and isn't one of those annoying toys . love it !
given as a gift . the child receiving this doll played with this toy the most at the birthday party . seems to be very sturdy .
perfect for a learning toddler who is inquisitive aboutthe numbers , alphabets.everything good .. except thatits is pretty big to fit in properly for a toddlers hand .
this was purchased as a gift . my granddaughter loves it . it is so cute , and cuddly . a great gift for any age .
tiny and cute and for 3 bucks you can't beat it . i put in the christmas stocking last year . would buy again .
have anjoyed playing this all year long . love to play with our child and with just adults . good heavy duty and easy to read colors and dots .
bought it for my gf , and she absolutely loves it . you can use this to sleep on or cuddle with , it's so fluffy and comfy .
every since the kids got into minecraft i hear and see this stuff in my sleep . pretty decent in construction , no funny smell .
these tools are great for sculpting . i use them for sculpting green stuff epoxy and they work great at small scale .
a lot smaller than i anticipated , please check the measurements before purchasing to ensure it is right for you .
great toy for any age girl , comes with a guitar so girls can pretend to have the dolls rock out . my daughter loves these dolls
my four year old loves spelling words with his letter cookies ! i actually bought a second set to increase the amount of letters available . excellent product !
works as well as i expected it to and it is very affordable . the kids enjoy it though none of us can actually play .
this was a good purchase and---great gift for my grandchild--and would recommend to all--of age - - for this purchase--a satisfied customer - -
my son loves this toy . nice bonus that the headlights light up . very cute . maybe a little overpriced for a plastic toy though .
what a great addition to our daughters ledo friends for christmas ! she loves adding the small things on the plate to help them stay in place !
such attention to detail to spark the imagination . iron attached with string so as not to lose it . she loves it . would recommend .
my grandson love it . we catch the bugs without harming them and he checks them out and then we release them .
i've only used it for water as sand gets absolutely everywhere but my 4 and 2 year olds love it . easy to put together .
my daughter loves playing in this sprinkler . it works well , sprays evenly , even when water pressure is low . i would recommend .
good for the price . be sure to check dimensions , the birds are very , veeery small . our kids liked them and uses them with other sets .
even though he has not put it together . bought it for his 8th bd . he loves putting legos together .
it's a big thick chunk of rubber . i feel a lot more comfortable letting my toddler carry this around now .
i am a day care provider and bought these for my day care children . they really like these toys . great
i liked the closet but it didn't hold as much as i would like . once the clothes are in there isn't room for the doll
this was an excellent buy ... my son requested a weapons pack for his mini-figures and these were definitely the best choice .
we just got these , i'm not sure how they will work yet , but everything looks great and they arrived so quickly . they go with leap frog.cher
good price , fast service . my grand daughter loves this game ; fun for the whple family to play . would recommend and will shop again .
just like all memory games these is a fun game for all ages . the kids love it and enjoy it .
great quality , super cute ~ this will be with him for a long time ! i love that it is very interactive ! i just love the puppy !
it's average . not that fantastic a game . but they are nicely made and quality looks good.not very fun , seriously.bought it because my daughter loves princess .
this item is a well made nice item . the front wheels won't turn enough , which tends to make a child get discouraged and get off .
great for my daughter ! s easel , she can have many paint color options at her finger tips . good quality and no spills !
looks a lot like the ' real ' darth sidius from the movie ; our boys love it . a good find here on amazon .
this is a great add-on to the thomas and friends wooden railway . my grandson has a basic set so this is a wonder addition.all smiles , no frowns .
they work just fine on our concrete driveway . washes off easily from the kiddo , her clothes , our hands , and the driveway !
my son loves this game and plays it with his friends . reminds me a bit of the game war . very competitive type game . takes strategic thinking .
what a wonderful piece of technology for pre school age children , my 4 year old loves it . and she loved the pink !
this magnifying glass is quite large , and perfect for little kids . the snake design is fun and whimsical . we take it along on exploring adventures .
so far these brushes are another great m & d product ! they are thicker so easier to hold for little hands .
this was easy to install and start playing right away . not as fun as the actual game but it's a neat concept and the kids are enjoying it .
bubble guppies are so cute , my grandson , enjoys watching the show , and now he has his own set to play with in the tub
one of several infinity sets purchased as christmas gifts for my 7 year old grandson . the characters are fun , creative and colorful . he loves them !
great set ! extra eyes , mouths , etc . lots of fun pieces ! we loved them to make our regular mr . potato head lots more fun .
got this for my six year old daughter , she loves it and plays with it all the time . fair price too .
kids used it one time . color was mixed and very stiff even after we bagged it right after being done with it .
thank you for such a wonderful gift . my son has been enjoying his cars . in addition he makes sure they are together .
got this to go with the lego pick up tow truck and although we had to help my son with the truck he installed the power parts all himself .
i'm disappointed in the monster design lab and these add on packs . kiddo lost interest fast because it smooshes the tattoos each time wrong .
this is a cute poodle . it is floppy . he keeps his head down . he does not really look like picture .
good add-on to the existing thomas train sets . the kids ( 3 and 5 ) can set up their train tracks by themselves .
who doesn't like play-doh ? this was a christmas present for a 5 year old and she plays with it everyday .
it's well made and very real . my son sleeps with it in his crib . it's also very soft . good toy
we all love bubble guppies and having molly in the house is the best . my daughter loves her very much . thanks
this toy keeps my 3 year old and 5 year old busy for long stretches of time !
our daughter asked for this for her birthday . these sets are so full of detail . fun set to put together .
havent heard how this game is for the kiddos but it sure looks like fun .
cool but very small . i thought it would be bigger . my 6 year old loves it though so that is all that matters .
my son does love this dinosaur however it is very heavy so not as easy to play with for a toddler . very good quality .
nice product for introducing letters . it's a pain keeping the pieces all together or i would have given it 5 stars .
my daughter loves blue's clues and absolutely loves this toy . blue is soft and cuddly , and a good replication of the real blue .
this is a nice basketball for a child . just the right size / weight . quality seems good , too . would recommend to a friend .
i didnt remember about plugs here in australia thought it would be helpful when batteries are charging but it is useless
my daughter just loves this and each night she changes her ag doll into her jammies for bedtime . perfect birthday gift accessory !
a little boy in my family loves captain america . he was delighted when he opened the gift and has loved playing with it for months .
these figurines are something the kids can play with and use creative imagination play instead of always playing the game on nintendo ds .
very durable ! i bought this for my 2 year old son and he enjoys making lots of noise and music with the instruments !
my son has a collection of thomas the tank toys and this just addes to that collection , he love it
the quality of these toys are perfect for my 1 year old to play with . they are durable and easy to wash as well .
these are holding up very well . we have several different kinds and nerf really seems to be the most bang for your buck .
so far it has lots of pieces to put together . i have to put it together and find out how much fun it could be .
my daughter and i had a great time designing hair bands together . the kit has everything you need to get creative with your kid .
my grandson thought this was the most awesome gift that he could get . he loves very small toys that are made well .
got this for my son for a science project he had to do - was really fun making and worked great
not a bad product . it is thin and i wouldn't cover anyone up with it but my son loves it and sleeps with it every night .
fun stuff for the kids to use on the easel chalk works well and earses easy from the board , like .
i should have looked at the dimensions . these puzzles are about 4inches by 6 inches , the were not a big hit with my kids :(
thi ok - very cheap looking . but my grandson likes it & that is what is important . he is 9yrs . old
after the dogs ruined the first one we had to buy a second . my kids love it and its durable .
gotta say this figure is bigger than i thought it was gonna be , great detail . the arms are hard to move but it is a minor flaw .
bought this for a present ! worked out really good ! ! it is a fun product ! ! i would recommend for anyone trying to find a present .
these were great fun , especially when the grandkids were watching scary movies and a flying duck or monkey would shoot into the group at the right moment .
i bought a couple as stocking stuffers last christmas and everyone loved them . the kids and the adults . a fun fast paced game .
they are not real moving cars , they are plastic figures . i have had to glue the spoilers back on most of the cars .
my grandson likes this but the cars don't stay on the carrier very well . i probably would not purchase this again .
what a great way to include the younger members of the family to play this traditional classic family card game ! ! !
it didn't take long for my son to outgrow this . i have to modify the questions alot to make it more of a challenge for him .
we all love this ribbon ! we all dance around with this . perfect for the whole family . very fun for only $ 8
the switch is easy to operate especially for 2-3 yrs old kid but not easy to turn it off . not strong like other bettery operated trains .
i got this for my granddaughter who wants to be a cook . she loves it and it give us time to be together.vickeye
for an inquisitive child wanting to learn everything , this gives him or her the concept of electricity and how things run
it is funny and made very well . the pink on it is very cute and it goes with my husbands horse head .
an excellent add-on to the kilpklop stable . my two year old granddaughter also brings this along in the car to play .
hallie was chosen for my grandchild whose name is hallie and it met my expectations . she will receive it for her birthday .
bought this for my son's zoo party and it was just perfect and the colors are very true to what you see on the screen .
great game , easy to learn , able to support many people . it is a card game with drafting features . excellent to get started on .
granddaughter loved this ! . it has a nice band for around the neck / shoulder and the sound is quite good ! i was impressed .
i bought these last christmas season , and the price was great ! ! ! i will be looking for these again this year on amazon for sure !
great toy , granddaughter loved it ! such a classic item that all younger kids love ( not sure about the parents ) .
it is a plastic pickle . it yodels . it yodels rather loudly . that is what it does . why don't you own this yet ?
just what they seem . got about 20 which was enough to hide all around work on peoples desks , under keyboards , in drawers etc .
my girls love the klip klop princesses and castles . they are 3 1/2 and 17 months . i like that the ramps connect to each other .
bright colors with safe paint.toy that will last , looked at quite a few before deciding on this one , the paint hasn't chipped so happy .
i bought this hex bug for my little brother because it reminds me of the moth from silence of the lambs with the skull on it !
family game night is a great time to play this game . kids use the blocks to make other things to play with
my granddaughter loves princesses and fairies and was thrilled to receive the great fairy rescue for her v reader . she enjoys listening to the story .
this is a great addition to the actual game . this game is hilarious and great for a party with your friends .
these are still going strong on the same set of batteries for 2 months . my boys play with them at least once a day !
super cute hello kitty stuffed animal . very happy with the price and quality . i couldn't find this size doll for the price any where else .
i bought these for my children , but the adults in my office like to put them together too . another great melissa & doug product .
we all play this game . everyone wins and works together . my preschooler and kindergartener love it ! ! a must have . fun !
grandson loves this size 3 ball as he enjoys kicking a soccer ball and his favorite cars from the cars movie .
we bought this for our 4 year old daughter . she figured out how to work it very quickly . she loves the camera .
my son had it for one day and it snapped and broke . i will return for a refund . very disappointed .
another great doll by monster high . it seems as though the girls in my family cannot get enough of this series of dolls .
and he absolutely loves it and so does his 1 1/2 year old cousin . good quality and will keep them playing for hours .
this is a secure swing and can be adjusted as they grow ... much needed for a growing 2 year old . would recommend ...
this is a very fun toy . the 6 month old just loves it so much . works well so far i am happy with the purchase .
this is a very nice accessory to a sweet family game that adds additional variety and enjoyment to the game play .
i wish they would make one that would stand but regardless it is good quality and the child who recieved it loved it .
i love this all really big and i can't wait to use them for my sons birthday . all came in good condition as well
this is great if you have two small children who both love to paint . also , very easy to clean off the plastic .
the whale is so cute . soft blue color . love the webkinz stuffed animals . i want to collect all of them .
great toy , every generation loves it.wish they could find a way to keep pegs from falling out and maybe hammer could be attached
these bugs are cute and realistic looking . they are durable and good quality as well as good variety . son loves them !
little boy loves it ... plays with it all the time . love the details on the map and other things . would recommend it
this is a great product for any tiny baseball fan to get started . its durable and of high quality . all parts are plastic and toddler safe .
i bought this from sophia's and am very happy with the look and fit . quality is superior . my granddaughters love this one .
i bought these for my son's 8th birthday which was minecraft themed . they were a very nice addition to the decorations i used :)
it throws good and the cats love it ! ! the only downfall is that it doesn't stay put so the kids don't play too long with it :(
my kids love setting up these puzzles for each other and then trying to solve them . we all love this simple , time passing game .
this was a part of a christmas present for one of my grandsons . he loves it . i would recommend it to any child that loves legos .
i gifted this to my fried's son and i haven't heard of him having complaints about it so i'm pretty sure he's happy with it .
my daughter brought this and she wears it a lot . i think this is perfect for any age . highly recommend ! !
these beach balls were a great addition to my daughter's 8th birthday party and all of the guests were thrilled to take one home . good value .
my grandaughter calls this her computer . she likes it very much and good for the motor skills and learning concepts on follwoing directions .
3 yr old grandson spends alot of time enjoying this , over the expensive gifts that i previously purchased for him
fun christmas gift for my niece . she said she loved it and has had a ton of fun with it .
my daughter received this for her third birthday and she plays with it almost every day even a year later .
these things work great , crazy loud , nice pitch , drive us crazy but the little one thinks they are the coolest .
it doesn't really shoot but great for pretend play . i plan to use them as favors for our pixar " brave " birthday party
this instantly became by grand-daughter's favorite stuffy . she loves sesame street and elmo . it's small and soft and just right for an 18 month old .
this is one of my son's favorite toys ! it has a funny voice and makes him giggle . a great toy for a great price !
this was a christmas gift for my 6 yr old grandson who loves everything about the wimpy kid diary series.good buy too !
my grand-daughter is going to love this . it is so girly , and , of course , pink . she is so into american girl .
grandchildren love the monster high dolls . they met my expectation but the real test is xmas day when presents are opened
what can you say about lego's , other then they are great . my son loves this set . he will have this built in no time .
it broke almost immediately . my grandson is 4 and plays hard but it shouldn't break on first holding it . absurdly badly made ! dont buy it .
very difficult to transform , more junk from china . so sick of all the crap we are buying that don't work the way they should !
purchased this box of legos for my grandson , dane . he was ecstatic when he opened the package at christmas . what child doesn't love legos ?
i bought this as a gift for my 7 year old grandson who loves puzzles . with some parental input he was able to finish the tower .
the many different games that can be played with dicecapades is wonderful ! the dice are of excellent quality , and it's well worth the price .
diesel 10 is my sons favorite character and he has been asking for a wooden one for a while . cant wait to see his face in christmas !
these extra cars , planes , and trucks are great - very sturdy and can withstand a 2 year old grandson - he loves his vtech set
mi pequeña hija de 3 años esta fascinada con este juego pues es muy grande y puede jugar con todos sus ponys ..
this game is beautiful ... period . gorgeous graphics and great environments . gameplay is linear at first but opens up later . good entry for fans of ff .
my two 3 yr old great-granddaughters really enjoyed this castle . it folds up and is easy to carry from place to place.nice dolls and accessories with it too .
my littel grandson likes mickey mouse , so this was a great gift for him and he has enjoyed it immensely .
all legos are great . they're well designed and they help kids learn and keep them entertained for hours and hours .
these were a gift for a 1 year old and are loved ! nice little musical toy . good price . definitely would buy for my child .
we were looking for additional decorations for our daughter's despicable me minion themed birthday party and this just added to the excitement !
great little doodle pad with good quality paper and nice for sitting and drawing , especially for small hands . use sitting on couch or riding in car .
much smaller than i anticipated but super cute and my daughter thinks its so cool to be able to color on her toy .
my granddaughter who is 6 years old could not wait to put this together so she could play with it .
santa delivered these to our kids this christmas and everyone in the house plays with them . set of 6 is a great price and my kids love them .
5 star game , i recommend this learning game to any one my grandson loved this game and the leap frog i got him for christmas a great learning tool
oh my goodness , when my grandson saw this he flipped out ! he just about has all the thomas trains now and he always wants more !
my daughter is a huge tangled fan so when she opened this on christmas she was super excited . great story and games !
my son who recently became a power rangers fan loved this ranger . it is very flexible & has not broken yet . perfect !
the kids in the nursery love this puzzles with big knobs to pick up the pieces . i like that they are wood so that they can be cleaned .
i really like this doll . she is very pretty and is a nice addition to my daughters monster high collection
she can't sleep without it . it seems to be fairly durable . it is soft and much like all the other toys of this line .
i liked the miniature it's a 6 ! ! ! but i think the flight stand is a 3also the game system is a 3
our kids love it , price is high but fun is unlimited ; they enjoy it for long time just until 4 years old .
re : jellycat woodland bunny - love itlove all the jellycat stuffed animals i have purchased . ( this makes 9 ) cutest little faces and so soft .
use caution as we received a knock off that was in a anna box and not close to a disney doll .
this toy can take some abuse but does have lots of small parts , have to be careful if younger kids are in the house .
great product ! santa got this for my daughter for christmas and she loves it ! it's amazing what they can fit in this container .
we have 15 hexbugs at our house , and these are a real money saver compared to the ones sold specifically for hex bugs .
very cool there was space for her games and more ! very styleish and it also fits a little polly pocket or two !
you gotta love these products if you are a minecraft fan , it's exactly what my nephew was looking for . i'm satisifed with this product .
crayola products are reliable for quality and this is no exception . my grandkids love the colors and i love the price ! ! ! i will order more .
great toy for my grandchildren . i would recommend it to others who are looking for a nice unbreakable gift . easy to learn !
my little girl loves this toy and loves to chase the balls . the only down side is it sucks up batteries so stock up .
always a favorite with the little ones as they learn to walk . my children had one when they were small and had to get one for my grandson .
great color mix of paints ! wish it came with a second brush . standard crayola quality you expect to see . worth buying
my grandkid loves bubbles and when she visits always looks for thes wands to make big bubbles . the different shapes give different bubbles , nice .
this game may not be for everyone but it sure is hilarious . great game for bachelor / bachelorette parties or just sitting around having some beers with friends .
we have not actually used them yet but they do glow so bright and they are the right size for the braclet maker we have ,
we had a chance to play this game with our granddaughter for whom it was purchased and had a fun time .
this is an expansion pack , you will need the original game to play.this is a great game for awful people !
my 4 year old loves to use this reading game in her v-tech reader . she loves the fairies , too . fun .
so cute and a great price . i have found similar for $ 100.00 or more . it's cute for kids or my mom who love's giraffe's
this thing is trash . stopped working after 2 nights . we can still use the cards but the light up part and buttons are garbage !
these tracks are very good and quite necessary for the little go ! go ! cars ! ! get the cars and the tracks ,
these are the perfect gift for the 3-5 year old crowd . they were a big hit over christmas when all my nieces were together .
my 2.5 yr old twins love the bubble guppies ! its so hard to find these , so i was glad to have found them here !
i bought this for my 4yo daughter for christmas , and she loves it . it is very soft and just floppy enough . good purchase .
this is a really durable wood puzzle that is a real space saver being 6 puzzles in 1 . my daughter likes to stack them like blocks too .
this did not last long t all in our house nothing broke on it its just flimsy and the tape that came with it ripped the paint of the walls
these did not fit on the stomp rocket . you have to put stickers on and the stickers didn't stick . this is junk ! do not buy them ,
my son received this as a christmas gift and he absolutely loves it . it stores well and entertains him in the tub , he is 5 .
if you have a grandson like i do that likes airplanes and legos , then this is a great purchase . he is 5 and enjoys building things .
got these to go with the silver hoody to go with the jeans , summer top and they all look good together
these are so much bigger than i thought they would be but once they are done will make a nice addition to my daughters butterfly collection
this is cute , soft , and cuddly . you can't help but want to hug on him and want to stare into those big green eyes .
very well built and of good quality product.my kids never stop playing with it :) i ordered other mario characters too ..
table came packaged securely ! table is very sturdy and made very well . drawers are not flimsy and can hold lots of toys . highly recommend !
its really cool for a kid , the only downside of this toy is the quality of the plastic the toys are made of
grandson loves magic and this was a hit for him . it was worth the money and i will buy again .
this was purchased as a christmas gift for my almost one year old great grandson . i hope he will have fun with it .
3 - year-old granddaughter loves to sing and loves dora . what more need i say ? toy seems solid - we'll see with time .
my granddaughter was so excited when she got the gold and silver bands and has made some cool looking bracelets
very helpful to protect the leap frog pad . the four year old using the leap pad is pretty rough with it and carries it everywhere .
given as gift . they like it especially rainmaker . easy to install mother said .
these are so cool . i love the dinosaur transformers . will get more in the future . everyone loves to play with them .
but after about a year the water in the tower doesn't work anymore , disappointing considering the price of this item .
fantastic game ! basically pandemic , fighting monsters with weapons . get a bunch of your friends , team up and stop the monsters .
these easy to use pieces work great as a puzzle but can also be stood up on any hard surface for hours of imaginative play .
lovely vibrant colors that look fantastic on paper . portable and last a long time , however , tray can get a bit messy with young kids .
grand baby loves this toy . happy happy happy happy happy she plays with this everyday and smiles from ear to ear .
this thing is made from lightweight plastic and has sharp parts on it . i am guessing it will break soon . not recommended for 3yrs and under .
a nice educational toy you can sit and work with your children . helps build their conception . to copy with the toy what the picture is depecting .
we bought these for all the kids bedrooms . really makes the ceiling look nice at night all lot up with stars ! very cute ! !
bought these as party favors for a birthday . they were a big hit with the kids , and they were very inexpensive .
it's super cute and colorful and my little granddaughter loves it ! it's easy to open and pack away and i like that it comes with a storage bag .
these books are so much fun . they provide hours of creativity and fun . we have many of these coloring books and pass away many hours coloring in them
this unicorn is very cute and so is the book that comes with it . i am happy with the purchase .
this was one of my son's favorite toys so i give it as a baby gift now ! this is the third one i have given !
my neice loved this and played and played with it . when she opened it , everything else was sort of forgotten about ! ha ! ! !
this is not as aesthetically attractive as the other thomas products . several of the cars seem to get stuck as well going through .
i bought this for my daughters - ages 5 and 7 . they absolutely love it and have spent many hours building different contraptions .
very nice set to have as it makes a great addition to anyone trying to build a lego town or city .
great game for problem solving . it is fun but also challenging . it has several different levels of play so kids of all levels can play .
this is a great game ... it keeps the whole family laughing and having fun for hours . very easy to play .
well made with a very realistic look . nice variety of snack items that are healthy choices . sized right for play set .
i love daniel my big green bird ! ! ! he is nice and soft and cute so i think this is nice ! ! !
i gave this to my granddaughter for christmas ! she absolutely loves it . she already had the unicorn pillow light so this was just perfect !
i purchased this as a gift for a 6 year old . some help was needed at the computer but the child enjoyed it .
this was a nice set of matchbox cars and the kids liked the variety in the package . would recommend this set for the price ..
not only is it a puzzle that teaches problem solving but also teaches the differences between the shapes and the pieces make great toys by themselves too .
love this play food for the grand kids ... very real looking , the brand learning resourses make a lot of nice play food
my 12 year old loves this . it is very cool . i love the sound effects . he has played with it a lot so far !
thought my i yr old grandaughter would enjoy this as my own kids had loved pegboards . didn't find it very exciting .
this is a fun toy to play with . our son has the whole set of this toy . the castle and all is made of great quality materials .
my granddaughter was very happy that she could lay her 3 american girl dolls in this triple doll bunk bed.very easy to assemble and looks just like the picture .
easy to use , no putting something together , very portable ! my grandson carries it with him everywhere ! and very well priced !
i bought these a few years ago for my son . he still gets it out and makes different arrangements . it is a wonderful learning nd fun set !
ordered for a toys for tots thing so didn't open it . looked great . i'm sure the child that got it enjoyed it .
this was much smaller than i expected it to be . the little bi = oy i bought it for seemed to like it though .
she is a cute doll and i'm happy with her . she goes along with the rest of the my little pony girls in the movie .
bought this toy for my grandson . he loves playing with this toy & seeing the cars change different colors .
my 7 - year-old niece is wild about webkinz , and this makes a nice addition to her collection . these are cute critters .
so cute . goes well with my purple or blue collection of stuffed animals . i am very satisfied with this addition .
grandson loved it and he's only a year old . it has so many sounds from the show and especially the alert sound .
great quality extended family that works perfectly with our hape dollhouse . our daughter is wild over them ! well made and versitile .
this doll is a christmas present for my niece it looks amazing very cute and girly she will definitely love it
i bought this for my little sister for her birthday and wow ! she is gorgeous ! i might just buy another one for myself , lol .
they are really cute . we are having a scooby doo birthday party for my neice and nephew so we will give them as gifts
my 21 month old granddaughter loves her new kitchen . that , along with the other melissa & doug pots and pans , keeps her entertained .
i bought this for my granddaughter and apparently it works extremely well for her . my only complaint was the high shipping cost for such a small item .
bought this to display in my home theater , and it fits in perfectly . the voices are a little garbled , but it's a toy .
my kids love this game ( 5 and 3 ) and play it all the time , it is a really good game for 3-6 year olds .
right out of the box . i took it apart to use the motors and gears for other choppers in my fleet . nice to have spare parts .
fits the american girl doll perfectly ! our daughter put these on her doll within minutes of unwrapping them . the bunny slippers are jst adorable !
couldnt help but pass on the traditional games i used to play growing up sure does bring back memories thanks
my son loves it . he plays it non stop and is three years old . the toy is very easy to use .
it is a wonderful game and product , but i beat the game too quickly which was the down side of it . kids will go nuts over it .
i ordered this puzzle , along with another melissa & doug puzzle , because of their reputation for a qualityeducational product ... i wasn't disappointed ! excellent product !
this worked out great for a toddler . i thought it would be handheld , but it was larger and perfect and durable for a toddlers hands
our 3yr old nephew loves to dance , sing and play various instruments ! ! this gift had it all ! ! ! he was soooooo excited 11
tonight this supplied my son with hours of independent play , he pulled out all of his car stuff and even some things to build a neighborhood .
my 11 year old and her grandma had a very hard time getting started on this . directions weren't great , but it gives lots of supplies .
i am a teacher , and as a teacher , i really enjoy things that let my grandchild create . this is one of them /
my nephew loves this thing - minutes of fun for him ! he's kind of a short toddler but this even works for him . great for inside & out
just like when you were a kid ! original slinky ! fun product for hours of playtime ! millions of ways to play !
the colors are light enough that my daughter can " make me pretty " without causing too much damage . she loves to do herself as well .
bought as a gift . nephew played with it a lot so i'm guessing it is a good one . wasn't annoying either
this puzzle is well made , has the right amount of info on it , is the right size and makes learning fun . i like it a lot .
cheap cheap cheap . some colors dont work at all . i would not recommend ordering this for anyone . dont like it .
great addition to the klip klop castle . if you get multiple of these you can build another ramp using the food box !
what a fun car this will be to complete any barbie play house , hours of fun for anyone who loves barbie .
given as a gift ... very well made and adorable . the receiving child loved this doll . very realistic and seems to be sturdy .
might work better for smaller kids , but when i got it for a 6 year old it was outgrown very quickly .
these are so cute and girlie ! i love the colors and the fact that girls have their own choices of legos !
too small for our collection . if he was bigger , it would be perfect it is just too small , but vey nice detail !
no cons for this product . colors are great .. don't see the dots after coloring . perfect for any age that would enjoy this type of play .
nice silverware for the younger set that adore thomas the train stuff . goes well with the kids plate and cup .
the dresss was beautiful and very impressive . i liked the layers and the lace . i would buy more dresses like this one ,
it arrived nicely packaged . it looks like a real baby zebra and life size . craftsmanship is great other than stitching along the back is large and noticeable .
nice sturdy paper for finger paint fun . item as described and works well , would buy again in the future .
wow , what a great deal . these dresses are adorable . considering the price i have no complaints . thank you very much !
it's like playing apples ot apples , only it's the adult version with hilariously dirty and pop culture references . great for parties !
love this for a first baby doll stroller . it's the perfect height and nice and wide for balancing those first steps .
a cute little set just perfect for the townhouse or starter house ! hours of fun without the use of the internet or batteries !
excellent gift for a little girl . comes with appropriate size dolls to fit castle . impressive ! ! any little girl would love this as a gift .
great gun ... good quality and the boys love it ... was a hit this christmas . .. nice and safe even indoors ... light weight even little guys can use
this was a great buy . we have purchased many melissa and doug puzzles , so this was perfect to put them all in .
my thirteen month old grandson loves putting the animals back into their homes . the novelty of the large knobs keeps him busy .
i love the do a dot paints . we are using this book to go along with reviewing letters and it is very fun for my daughter
this was a christmas gift that is being enjoyed quite a bit - making the jewelry is a lot of fun
i have to fill in this spot to leave a feedback . not too much you can say about legos ... either you are into them or not !
my grandchildren enjoy serving me food which they have cut with the knife into portions . they are learning both the names of different foods and colors .
not well made an the box falls a part , if you just want to paly with a kid and teach them these are fine
this toy has occupied both of my kids far longer than most of their other toys . we love it !
i have to say , akbar makes a fun lego guy . this item has great color , was well packaged and arrived on time .
the clips were awesome , it was nice to be able to buy all the items that you needed to make the bracelets without searching for everything .
glad to have more cards to mix up the variety of the original . friends have raved about it and i'm happy with the purchase .
it's exactly as it appears in the picture and is made of high quality material . it's sturdy and lots of fun !
excellent replacement parts , haven't had to use them but i know i have right part if needed . exact match to the original .
plan to give this to my son as a followup to the microscope when he is ready to make his own slides .
very nice product here . my grandson is 2 yo and he loves that there are two cars here . nice quality ! great magnet !
had to have this doll as soon as i saw her . she is well made and very cute . thank you .
the enderdragon is in fear now . this $ 23.00 foam dragon slayer is a beloved favorite of my 8 year old minecrafter . look out !
my children really enjoy coloring with these . they find satisfaction in using them as the colors are vibrant and true , and make beautiful pictures
very stable and a crowd grabber . this is an excellent gift.it is addictive . only wish it flew it the wind outside a little better .
fantastic ... it could be a little softer but it plays so many different songs and sounds the softness should be overlooked . a great toy .
very attractive looking figure of ken , boyfriend of barbie . the figure is handsome and clothes are perfect fit . looks cute
i was surprised that it was like a puzzle althoughrather easy to assemble . very musical and a catchytune which my 3 yrs old granddaughter hums as sheplays .
i knew this gift was a hit when he started working with it immediately . he didn't even want to go home because it would mean packing up the workshop
my little girl's face is lit when the give away ... was all she expected . great toy with lots of detail and good quality
this is good ! our little grandson enjoyed playing with it , and it has many features to keep him intrigued for quite a while !
estas muñecas son preciosas y a mi pequeña le encantan , sus cabellos sus ropas y sus accesorios son muy lindos y de muy buena calidad .
very cute and its a thick pecie of plastic great buy for any dino love i even had fun with it
just as described . my son loves it . we have begun to collect all of them . great quality for the price .
love it ! my 3yr old and i have pkayed and played . he gets quicker each timr , and hasn't tired of the games at all .
the kids love this one . they stack nicely . cute colors . very durable plastic . easy to wash . helps with colors . overall very happy .
my 2yr daughter totally enjoys these . she is unable to lace in a straight line but she's enjoying the lacing anyhow !
in my opinion , this doll is overpriced . i find nothing special about it . i've purchased collector barbie's that were better than this .
for the creative little ones , this is a great idea . gives them fun in not only making them , but then in wearing them !
huge hit with the 15 month old grandaughter . she takes it everywhere . all soft parts so it is notharmful to children and washable !
please update this listing . the item does not come with two dolls . fun toy , but disappointed that i didn't receive what was listed .
my little nephew just loves this item and it is so entertaining and fun . his parents needa greak from it .
my daughter loves the color green . this dragon went into the baby's nursery and mom-to-be loves it ! it is one of manybut stands out .
this pillow pet is awesome . the children love it at night . a great night light and a comfort to little ones . works very well .
this is a christmas gift for my niece for her new american girl doll . the quality of all the products that i've purchased from sophia's is superb !
kind of cheap and not that exciting but my 1 year old uses it for all his little people too .
the kids take turns going through the tube . can also double as a place to throw all the toys when company comes over ! ! !
my son loves this game . he likes to read with it . i think it is a nice addition to the collection .
my three year old son has played with this toy a lot and no complaints thus far . seems durable and well made .
well is a kids toy , even though is a diecast the hauler is plastic and it doesnt stays attached to mack
this is a pretty good toy . i'm still not sure how it moves because mine doesn't . but my baby loves the mirror and the lady bug .
i would recommend this for carry along buddy - my grandson loves sharks and having this little buddy has made him very happy
i have a 2 & 4 yr old ... they just love this set . its high quality and would definitely recommend .
what a great toy to teach so much . color , sorting , taking turns ect . i love it . very sturdy and will last for years .
there is a good amount in the bag and i like that you have the option to buy individual colors as needed .
grammy got her the dollhouse and extra rooms of furniture for her 5th birthday . granddaughter loves every bit of it .
my toddler loves this toy ! received it for christmas and its one of his favorites . recommend for his age but probably not over 3 years of age
grand kid loved it for her birthday , i always give melissa & doug as a gift idea . good creative fun ! !
my nephew wanted this badly for christmas and was so happy to get it . i was impressed with the quality too as i was wrapping it .
my nephew loved this stuff - can be used for growing years as well . loved the product would definitely recommend to others .
bought as a gift for my nephew , combine dinosaurs with education and cars win win for my nephew , he loves it .
this is cut but definitely better for a child that's older . it isn't geared for a younger crowd at 4 . it's still cute though .
my son love this toy it runs fast , educational , and fun to play with , great for the price . can't go wrong with leapfrog .
this is so cute . we changed the skirt to make her think a new elf had come after she was really bad one night . it worked .
this product is just as it states . it is raunchy stinky and will definitely gag you . have fun with it . we have .
my girls love this lego set . it was easy for them to put it together . they had lots of fun working together to set this up .
very durable wood puzzle . there are pictures underneath the puzzle pieces to help match the pieces . great for learning the different tools names .
i gave this to my grand daughter as a gift and she is happy with it . she is a very creative kid .
got thyem each a fisher price ixl system for christmas and theses extras and they love them ... very happy gramma :)
the children for whom i bought this are enjoying the variety of colors and making great things .
i bought it for my grandchildren & they love it.it is great for long trips in the car , keeps them entertained .
purchased as backup parts for unit.balanced rotors and seem perfect . all parts supplied are original manufacturer's . recommend product.john
a very nice little quiet fidget . the texture isn't that appealing and i think it will wear off after continued use . great for busy hands .
our son enjoys putting these together . he is thrilled when he successfully makes a looped circuit & his goal comes to life .
my son said our grandson will blow hiss mind when he opens this christmas . i am very pleased and the price was excellent .
after ripping through 2 strollers i decided to get this cart to replace the stroller . my daughter loves it , which means i love it too .
my grandson was so happy and this set is so much cheaper than buying these hot wheels separately . very nice set with good verity .
purchased this for my niece who is 5 , she loved it , the perfect size and fairly easy to operate . it was her favorite gift
this is so much fun ! you're never to old to fly a toy helicopter as i learned from this amazing gadget ! cant stop flying it !
by far one of the best nerf guns . this one shoots fairly consistently and at close range ( 5 to 10 feet ) you really feel it .
this helicopter broke after one fall . replacement parts were not worth the cost or effort . very disappointing especially since this was a gift .
not only a great game helps kids count also . everyone should love this game most of us grew up with it
my son proceeded to try to take this apart and then it disappeared . we have not seen it since christmas . he was not impressed .
nice set even for younger toddlers . we like that they are " a little rough " ... it allows for more stable creations .
these are so much fun ! they stick well and are cute as well . my grand-daughter and i play with them all the time .
my 1 year old son loves opening and closing the fridge , turning the light on and off , and taking things in and out of it .
these were cheaper than the dollar store . we used then for a crowd game at a summer camp . worked great .
yes , it was just as it was in the disney movies and my 2 year old saw him on xmas eave .
these were popular when i was a kid and they still are . i bought them to give away in kids church . the students love them .
they were great ! the kids loved them ! i had to re-tie some of the elastics but that was really not an issue .
this is exactly what the picture shows . cute princess lea bird , my daughter loves to throw it like a " real " angry bird !
the young boy ( 6 ) receiving this set as a gift was ultra-excited to have his own tool belt , just like daddy .
the detail is exceptional . i love the way it folds up , is compact and neat , my daughter plays for hours
next to esme , rosalie is the twilight barbie that looks most like her character from the movies . i'm very pleased with this purchase .
very small but cute . purchased as a gift and have not given it yet to my granddaughter thus 3 star rating . over-priced for what it is .
i bought this my grandson and i to play with when comes over . it's as i remember the game in childhood
good price , good quality and was just what we were looking forward . would get more if we needed it . thanks .
my 4 year old loves having easy to transform figures as most of the transformers are to hard for little guys to do .
very disappointed . the lightning mcqueen eye panel was stitched in upside down . poor quality for a disney product . should have been made in the usa .
thomas the train is still a great way to put a smile on your gransons face . everyone loves tomas ans all his friends
my son is enjoying this figure so much , it came before the due date .
i purchased this set of bells two years ago for my grandchildren and they still love to play with them !
this is a great item . we got this as an add on for a great price and our niece really loves it
haven't played yet , but i like the sturdiness and design . i expect many hours of fun . closes securely to keep parts in when stored .
got as a gift for a 4 year old so not sure if it is good buy or not he seemed to like
must have for any fan of the original 66 series . figure is very close to the batman . brings back good memories .
this is a great stuffed penguin . it is adorable and even softer than we expected it to be . it was a great purchase . you'll love it .
great addition to our dragons collection . be sure to note that this is a mini figure just fyi . my son love this to play with his other dragons
purchased for my son who is a lover of mythology . appears just like the photo and seems very sturdy . nice creation of medusa .
i like the item pricing . my granddaughter wanted to mark on it but i wanted it just for the letters .
i love all of the itikes toys but this one is definitely one of the most inovative . i would recomend it for an older age though .
my girlfriend likes turtles . i bought this for her , because i'm such an awesome boyfriend . after receiving this turtle , my girlfriend still likes turtles .
my daughter loves her fijit . she is 4 and she has figured out how to make it follow her commands . great deal !
learning resources pretend and play healthy food snacks set is what my 4 year old wanted . 4 more words required .
the animals are nice and big . easy for small hands to play with . looking forward to purchasing more of the same .
love these . so many colors , & shapes , so much that the kids can learn from these . definitely a good buy
this is a great gift for kids especially babies who likes playing with soft toys . its real soft , light weight and flexible .
just buy this . 11 month old loves these . first toys she goes to every time she is set down in the play area . absolutely perfect .
my granddaughter really loves playing with barbie & she loves taking photos - this is a great product & has given my granddaughter many hours of great fun !
great set ... goes perfectly with the noah's ark little people set . great for pretend play and learning your animals .
my daughter is 9 years old , and she loves this doll , her dress is really cute . creat quality and colors .
this book is really entertaining to read . it works great with the leapreader pen and my daughter really enjoys it .
i was very surprised in the quality of this toy set , its real wood and seems to be very durable . thumbs up plan toys !
the puzzle has well-cut edges on each piece , which is important ! the picture is cute , and my puzzle-piecers loved it !
very nice set , lots of colors . these colored pencils draw smoothly and the built in sharpener works well . very good gift .
great product and nice bundling for toddlers - espec 2 - 3 yr olds . 1 2 3 4 5 6
good quality , met our expectations . has held up well to all his angry birds recreations with blocks , pillows , whatever else he can find to use ...
super cute , i guarantee that the tiny bowls and food items will disappear before valentine's day as they are sooooo smalllll
the perfect gift for three year old granddaughter . now , if i can just keep one year old grandson away from it .
one of our granddaughters loves to be outside . this toy affords her the opportunity to play in her sandbox and play " pretend " .
my granddaughter will be pleasantly surprised when she opens this . it is very adorable and i am hoping it does fit her american girl doll .
one of the best figuarts ! everything is perfect . don't slip this one away it's worth every dollar . must to have to your collection
great finds ... they worked well , colors were bright , wheels turned on track . my grand daughter loved them on herwooden track .
decent construction . still holding up after two years . better than slathering sunscreen during morning / evening daylight times . price was fair for our area .
i really recommend this toy , my 6 year old loved it and plays with it so i guess it is a hit
i bought these for my nephew's 2nd birthday . he loves trucks and tractors . i was very pleased with the durability of this product .
but the cars stopped working . my child still pushes hot wheels over it and trains . the cars were super cool b / c they go really fast
my grand daughter loves this swing . she is so happy , she wants to be pushed over and over again and i know it is safe .
cute . my grand daughter is going to love these little bunny slippers . i have the perfect pair of pj's to go with them .
don't need this for advent , just open it up and play with it , it has a lot of stuff that the other playmobile castle adorns have .
we love this puzzle ! it's way cute ! the colors are so vibrant and i love the large block style puzzle pieces , they are much more durable !
my husband loved this figure . very precise details and easy to recognize the character . the answer to this riddle is you won't be disappointed .
best with 4 players . its war with a theme and tactics . glad i got it for may girlfriend and i
i have a 10 year old daughter who loves crafts . this kit kept her busy for a few days and i found it to be fairly priced .
my granddaughters ( and their dolls ) love this outfit ! the pants are very easy to put on and take off the doll .
let's face it . it's really fun to play nerf but the bullets are overpriced and break too easily . you'll end up buying bullets all the time .
these are great to help your small child learn colors , shapes and motor skills . i love them except that they are made from toxic materials .
this was a beautiful doll for my daughters doll collection . she is collector of dolls while a great fan of anything twilight .
created lots of laughs on christmas morning ! ! my grandsons received a party rocker and a furby boom , and the laughs were endless !
i have yet to introduce this game to someone who didn't love it . it's beautiful and makes you think . great warm up game .
excellent choice my boys please with this all the time excellent product and great quality will recommend to all . great
somy my little one hasn''t shown alot of interest in this toy but i am hoping as she gets a little older that will change .
my daughter is so into the diary thing . and loves the different stickers , and colored pens . she's such a girl ! ! !
so worth it . bought for my 3 year old son and he was all smiles every time he jumped in .
this is one of the best toys for a new walker . no frills , no pieces to lose . its a simple and fun , basic toy .
cute , good size for toddlers , but my 15 month old twins bent the handle on the broom in a day .
if your child loves thomas the train and friends as mine does these die cast characters will be a favorite . they are sturdy and well made .
my six year old liked this beyblade . it comes with little stickers you put on the metal . stickers stick well . and it fights ? well .
bought for my 6 year old grandson for christmas . they seem to be made well and should last for a long time .
this is a very cute . however , not quite the quality i expected for the price . i recommend it if your child plays gently with things . :)
spot it . easy game for kids and adults to learn and play . our granddaughter wanted to play it over and over .
great sound and quality ! ! so much to do and it lights up well to keep him interested in playing with it ! ! alot of fun ! !
the children love these tools ! the backpack makes an easy carry and storage item . we use these in church many times a semester .
this game is a must buy ! it's easy to teach but challenging to master . it's a very fun game and has a lot of replay value .
bought this last year to have at my house for the grandkids to play with . they really love it . all ages can get into this game .
it looks like it will be fun , but i have not given it to my niece yet . i sure she will like it .
had the most fun with watermelon , but enjoyed the other fruit . bread was not very interesting to our little girl .
i bought this bot for my 4 year old grandson . he loves it . it is easy to transform and it is a nice size for small hands .
i just love chantilly lane talking bears a lot . i get them for our grand kids , our kids and for self .
another great high quality toy . these items , i'm sure , will last for years ! my grandson loves it ! thanks so much !
this is a great item . gave one to each of my grandsons for christmas and they love it . thank you !
okay only if you are in love with crayons . its more trouble then its worth . gets really hot , can be messy .
well its a kids diecast toy , so you cant expect them to last too much , the paint comes off really easy
so great to have them in the goody bags , they were a hit , kids love stamps and these were perfect
my grandson loves it . gives him imagination with play . very sturdy since he loves to take things apart and put back together .
this is adorable . my daughter loves it . she likes the popping noise and the flash of the lights . its great for 18 months up
i buy this for my son for his bitrthday . i loves it , but not all the pieces stay on very well .
we have both sets of these . christmas and the regular onegirls love this and is the first thing they pull out .
i get these as a present for any boy about ages 5-7 . always a hit . and the parents love to play with it too !
this one seems to keep our 1 - year-old's attention the most . we'd recommend it as a first toy as it seems to keep our toddler engaged .
pillow pets are super dope . we bought this for this dude marco's birthday party . this party was super jumpin ' and he had some dope pizza .
great quality . we didn't have any problems with them . nice colors . my daughter loves . would recommend . decent price and good amount of bands .
my 3 year old grandson loved this bus . just wished it had one more person to fill the bus ... so far so good ...
really cute and so very soft . it was bought for my grandson . he hasn't used it yet . but i am sure he will love it !
this set is good quality and works great with " my neighborhood play carpet " which we bought in tandem . recommended . a good basic set of signs .
my granddaughter loves these . the girls play for hours making different designs . they're great entertainment and they're not watching tv .
these work great for handing out small prizes . i filled them with fake plastic jewels , snacks and candy . everyone enjoyed them .
what can i say , its haytham ... what is there not to love . definitely worth buying . very realistic and very detailed . love it !
plate enables the kids to build and then be able to move the creation from place to place without crumbling .
this set works great . it is easy to put together . just make sure you get the correct distance between the ramps going up .
my feels are as follows : miniature is a 5flight stand is a 3game system is a 3 ( could of gone with a 4th star ? )
cute little dress . a little long but still looks good . my daugther loves putting it on ther barbies.design is really nice .
intense articulation , very good likeness of harrison ford , awesome accessories . all around a great value . 10 out of 10 , would buy again .
it can be quite hard , but more people makes it a bit easier . recommended if you're looking for a challenge .
bought this item for my granddaughter she was very happy with it .. would definitely purchase it again ... very satisfied
great toy for any one . totally works out the coordination needed for children to grow .. esp for thoes who have it all .. great toy
another great dinosaur by papo . it is a great addition to the dinosaur collection . one of the best stegosaurus you can buy .
yes , there are very few boy's stuff toys available and this is one of the best . my son likes it very much .
my granddaughter loves this pizza toy set . lots of fun watching her bake and serve you a piece of pizza .
again she loves this ... plays with the horse set and learns alot about a farm ... lots of questions and plenty to share with her sisters ...
i got this for my 8 month old daughter and she loves it ... it makes her laugh so much . im glad i found this for her
this is a great buy ! my son had so much fun singing along the abc's and finding all the letters ! great product . highly recommended .
these are pretty good treat bags for cake pops . a little smaller than i anticipated but they still worked great just wish they actually came with the ties .
if you love disney or mickey mouse this is a fun fire truck and mickey is so cute . very sturdy and well made .
another christmas gift , but with the added benefit of being something a parent can do with her child , sharing memories .
my 10 , 8 , and 3 year old girls love this power pack . they are easy to use and fun ! excellent job santa !
nice toys ... the kids have played with it ... would recommend it to anyone with children over the age of four or more
my nine year old son loved playing this on his kindle . bought this so he could play on the xbox 360 with other player . he loves it .
our 6 year old grandson can put these together with the help of his daddy . he has already built quite a collection .
since his dad has a bunch of tools , he was really excited to have his own . immediately started playing with it .
awesome figure ; so huge ! i love this one . any spider-man fan would . great condition and awesome deal . so so cool .
bought this for my nephew who loved it beyond belief . he was so excited to fly it . it was so cute .
this game continues on the fun and interesting world of lego games . if you like lego games and like the avengers you will love this game .
my grandkids loved this critter case . easy for the little ones to carry and easy to view the critters ! well made and affordable .
bigger than i expected ! so much fun for our rock star themed birthday party ! they are fun and a great bargain .
this is a great device for your ipone / ipod so a toddler can use it without destroying it . i love it .
my son loves any and all hot wheels cars ( my husband to ha ! ) these were very cute i liked the variety .
i bought this doll for my two year old . she loves to cuddle it , pretty sure the teddy bear is already lost considering its small size .
my two-year old loves the elf ! great story and tradition and it's definitely going to remain a part of our family for years to come !
started out great , but then the darts started clogging inside the firing mechanism.it is fun to play with when it works though .
if you have a little one at home , i can not express how helpful these are to get your little one started on the education train !
i love that all of the accessories fit inside the basket . it seems well made and the songs are cute .
finally some legos just for girls . it's about time . grand-daughter loved it . :-) very happy i got this and so was she .
my three and half year old grand daughter and i enjoyed using this coloring book . we both enjoyed with this .
these are really tiny so they run out of color way too fast - gone after children colored 2 days .
this toy is so much fun . it's chirping sound replicates a bird perfectly ! a very fun toy for bath time .
i bought yoyo's for my nephews and also bought this multi colored string . they are 8 and 5 . would buy again .
if your kids love thomas or trains in general they will love being able to run them with the remote control like they are the engineer .
you cannot beat this product or any products by m and d , for that matter ... always an excellent addition to birthday gifts
i would highly recommend this toy for hours of laughs and fun for your young child . it is great fun .
we bought the whole set , earrings , necklace , and rings . my child loves them and think they're very entertaining and plays with them frequently .
my seven year old liked using this at the museum , but he only put it together twice and then lost interest .
great quality and look good too ! it was fun for my son to make and he likes it kept together for display .
great product , great price , was a christmas gift for my god daughter , it arrived on time as promised with all the accessories pictured with the doll .
i haven't used this yet . but it does come packed with the most common replacements . i ordered two sets you just never know .
my daughter loves this ! it was a really good buy . i wish i would have bought one for each girl though !
this is a very cool figure with lots of little details and weapons and it is sturdy . my son loved it !
sometimes my computer is not available to recharge my 4 year old granddaughters v-tech . are maybe we may not be somewhere a usb port may not be available
exelente esta muñeca ... me encanto . habla en inglis , camina perfecto y lo que mas me gusto fue el precio . la recomiendo
fidget is the right word . i keep this next to the phone and play with it all the time . fun
i purchased this for my 3 - year old grandson . there are some great games for his age and he really loves it !
i got this bunny for my son for easter . it's cute and super soft . nice size with big floppy ears and big feet
recipient of gift loved it ! he is really into star wars and lego's so this was a great addition to his collection and it stored them too !
i love the snap cubes . i had the books form teaching school so am very happy to find the cubes so i can give both as a gift ,
melissa & doug have once again made another great product . this toy is a great value for your money . kids love it .
again these are very real looking . they are the best of the best , great for any collection they will not disappoint ,
shipped fast , item was packaged nicely and i would buy it again ! my daughter loves this toy i would buy it again .
dinosaur train coloring book with the images of dinosaurs to color . very cute book and it is fun for any child !
who doesnt love a good pirate rock ! captain hook and the whole gang . hours of fun but what ever happen to tinkerbell
my granddaughter loved it and they shipped great an was in very good shape i would recommend this sellar and product to everyone .
realistic & seems unbreakable , which is great for 3 youngs boys who like to throw their toys ! nice addition to our collection .
this is a wonderful preschool toy ... this was for 3 year old in a homeschool family ! perfect ! come out with more school related sets
this has been great for my 11 month old boy . he has been walking since he was 9 months old .
my niece became incredibly excited when she opened this for christmas . so basing a recommendation of her reaction , 5 stars .
bought these for my 8 and 9 year old nephews for christmas and they were both really excited when they opened them !
do you want to keep your kids busy for very long periods of time ? this is what you want ! this style also looks really nice outside .
good product as always . love the colors and big puzzle pieces . i do tie the laces so they can't be removed .
my son loves thomas the train and we got this for him as a surprise . he plays with it and loves showing off all his thomas toys .
i bought this for my granddaughter for her birthday . she loves to serve birthday cake even when it's not birthday time so i would definitely recommend it .
these will be passed out in the loot bags at my granddaughter mh b-day party ! they will love them ! can't wait !
my daughter used these on her rainbow loom with great success ! great price for the number of bands and s-clips included .
my toddler likes it . the case is not good . it is coming apart every time i open it . please fix it .
we have purchased many melissa & doug wooden food sets for our children's play kitchen . this is our favorite set yet . keeps the kids busy for hours !
very nice . hard to find . a nice addition to any monster high collection . exactly what i expected . my grandaughter loved it .
this is a great take and go play set . we traveled with this for awhile . lot of storage inside . legs are sturdy .
cute , solid , takes a child's abuse and still works . 3 batteries came with the purchase so it was ready to use .
my daughter and i are happy . she got the doll she wanted and i got it much cheaper than it is selling in stores ! thank you
even though the cups ended up in the tub , my daughter ( she's 1 ) loves this tea set ! it's well made and nothing has broke .
these are so realistic , im glad i purchased for my 2 yr old . she just loves making sandwiches for us ! i would recommend .
syma , replacement parts are the only part you can trust . great company , a very good product . so you may want to try the leader in heli's
bought for my grandson's birthday he now as a central place to store his many lego kits . highly recommend purchase .
bought this for my 5 years old grandson . it is very durable and made so real looking . he loves playing crocodiles .
bought for a 5 year old loves puzzles and sharks . melissa and doug have great products . this was a big hit
don " t buy ! ! ! disappointed . stopped working almost immediately . he did not play with it much . should have lasted a lot longer .
perfect doll for a little 3 year old ballerina . this doll is really cute and all the girls like it .
make your own laser show with this portable light . battery operated and uses little power to run . just find a backdrop and your good to go !
she doesn't seem to be that into pop-beads , but i am , and these are much more attractive than the ones i had as a kid .
this puzzle is beautiful and very well made ! we didn't have any problems with it , it made a great puzzle to get us in the christmas spirit !
even though it is on the small side , my son loves his harvey toy ! of course he loves all his thomas characters they are very well made .
it's too small to really teach with . i bought it to show my pre-k son where other countries are , but it's too small .
it work . my nephew likes it and does not try to steal my brothers note 2 anymore . we all win .
great assets to any rainbow loom kit . lots of color choices . we were all happy with the mixed bag of bands
this train is so cute and well made . my grandson pretends to feed us ice cream out of it , it is so much fun .
i was looking for something that was more realistic looking . i returned these . not sure how durable they are but they felt extremely cheap .
nicely made and very reminiscent of a toy my daughter loved as a kid . bought it for my granddaughter to enjoy with her mom .
my three year old granddaughter just loves this she sits in her bed at night and plays with it before she goes to sleep .
this is great for little girls to pretend to shop . i think i will enjoy it while playing with my grand daughter .
it simply doesn't work . the markers give off a clear ink , that has a slight tint.it seemed like a good idea but is completely unusable .
this stuffie is now full of hot wheel cars and pjs . he loves it ! it is well made and very soft .
we purchased this for a christmas gift and it was a big hit . the packaging makes it east to keep track of all of the little parts .
these things can be cute but quite annoying . the furby boom allows you to actually turn the toy off which is definitely an improvement .
lighter colour than his predecessors but has the new detailed cockpit . very nice packaging ! highly recommended . does not come with a figure .
they are speckled black and dark blue no other colors , matte finish , so not sparkly or translucent . they look nice and my nephew loved them .
perfect christmas gift , 4 year old is a big fan . super soft and big enough to cover up with . the commercials helped a lot too .
we bought this toy for cmas 2010 . august 2011 and its still around and played with ! great toy for all ages ! even mom enjoys it :)
this is a great game , lots of fun for both gamers and non gamers alike.it ' s a good mix of strategy , begging , and luck .
i purchased this for my grandson's birthday gift . he absolutely loves it ! he has been having fun " spying " on his little sister and taking pictures .
although my son was thrilled with this plush , unfortunately it started losing hair from day 1 and now at some spots its hair free ...
both my 2 year old and 4 year old use these skates and love them . great to learn on , very stable .
i got these for my kindergartener to practice her sight words with and we love using them . these were the best price i could find .
my 3 year old is just getting into play doh and this was a great set . it keeps him busy but he is able to do it alone .
love these , could you make more ? flowers , sea creatures , etc .
markers that only show up on the paper they are designed for so color is not on everything . i am happy with them and so is my daughter .
boys love all the engines ... they have over fourty and yet they enjoy each one of them ... including billy xx xxx xxx
its a really cool jail , its a good size not as big as the big bat caves , but , still big enough to have fun with .
i got these at least 6 months ago and they are still played with frequently . the sounds are great !
bought this for my grandson . it goes well on the thomas the train wooden railway , and it a sturdy toy .
my kids loved this toy ! but they outgrew it by about 20 months . before that they couldn't get enough of it though .
i'm very happy with my purchase . the midge doll is especially adorable . everything is perfect . midges hair is thicker than the single packs which is a plus
loved by our lego obsessed nephew ! nearly matches his own grandma ( who doesn't have a cat ) . super cute add-on gift .
this was a christmas gift for my 7 - month-old niece . not only does she enjoy playing with it , but so does her 2 - year-old brother .
so cute ! i purchased for my 6yr old son for christmas - he loves it ! so cuddly & look so realistic - adorable !
great gift , my 6 year old son loves it . he loves disney and i love color wonder . no mess and no stains .
this was definitely an entertaining puzzle with lots of interesting sights in the picture . i enjoyed it a great deal .
this is really helpful in getting my 6yo son to process info more quickly , and he ' s so proud when he spots the match !
bought this for my granddaughters to make bracelets & necklaces . they absolutely loved it ! need to get more beads now .
our four year old and one year old love this . good for stimulating imagination . seems pretty durable . we would purchase it again .
a great christmas gift thanks ! all of my grandkids love the lego star wars . good thing there is a great selection !
captain america set in lego ! great combination . kids love building with lego and kids love superheroes . it's a great gift !
my grandson began playing with these animals when he was about 15 months . he's about 28 months and still enjoys them tremendously - just at a different level .
closet color to an oak you can get-easy to put together , a little smaller than i thought but still room for those little annoying toys
the cups where sharp in some places and made me worried i'd pop a balloon putting them on . otherwise pleased with the product .
even myself liked the doll , it's rather nice looking for a monster and it was at a great price , so it's now in our monster high collection
the assortment is not like shown in the picture . still the charms are beautyfull and of good quality . would buy them again !
bought these for my two nephews and they love them . adequate capacity for the water fights we engage in and great range . lots of fun .
kids enjoy the variety of unique colors in this box , very vibrant colors . time to make room on my refrigerator for more artwork !
my boys love this set ! hours of entertainment and imaginative play ! can't go wrong with these sets ! very fun and comes packaged and ready to play !
my son is addicted to legos . this set is cute . easy enough to put together . we really like the lego city sets .
just what i wanted for christmas for great grandson i couldn't fine it any where else , i can't wait to see his eyes when he opens this gift
the puppets looks little different from the picture provided . still kids would enjoy playing with it . good product to be included in a goodie bag .
good quality and loads of fun in the pool . will buy more intex products in the future . very well made and arrived on time .
i love melissa and doug toys especially the sand toys they are super cute themed and are big so you can't lose them
it is very easy to use and understand.this is not as fancy as a leapster , but the benefit is that there are no cartridges to lose or damage .
set is dishwasher safe , made from recycled materials and provides kids with lots of imagination play . what's not to love ? lol
don't bother wasting your money . this toy is a piece of junk ! gave up on trying to get it to work properly .
who doesn't love racing cars . i remember sitting on the floor racing cars with my brothers and sisters . hope my son loves this one .
this is a nice toy that we can drag along with us on the road . it even has its own carry case
great item . sweet detail . laura holden can truly be seen in this mcfarlane figure . it is a must have for all walking dead fans
since this was purchased as a gift am not sure yet if it is liked or not , hence the 3 star rating .
these bands are not durable enough for a loom . most of the bands within the package have broken . very disappointed .
daughter really loves it and plays with it very often . she works on her stuffed toys and other people if they let her . lol .
i bought this as a gift for my great newphews birthday because he loves transformers , especially this one because it was so big .
bought this for my active 2-1 / 2 year old . wondered if he would sit and play with it . he loves it . great buy .
great learning tool for kids . kinda hard for my 2 year old to put pegs in the holes . but he's getting there
my daughter plays with it a lot ! my daughter plays with it a lot ! my daughter plays with it a lot !
this was okay ; but , i wouldn't give this as a gift , just as a purchase for a family member.probably better off just going to hobby lobby .
this was a christmas for my 2 1/2 year old great grandson and he loved it ! i would recommend this gift to others to purchase .
my granddaughter loves this little house ! i love how she can manipulate them with her chubby little hands.great choice for a first doll house .
we bought this toy for our son on his first birthday but the neighbor kid took it . it was a nice toy and he liked it .
it was hard to put together , fell apart easily when played with . can't leave it up and put together because it keeps falling apart .
gave it too my 5yr old for x-mas he loved it keeps him active as he runs with it and interacts with it not a toy for lazy kids (:
grandaughter enjoyed making crystals ... watching them grow and having the process explained to her by her older cousin . not very challenging however .
my 2 year old grandson loves all of the wheelies from fisher price and this is no exception . made well . great price
my granddaughter will love it . i also purchased her the goulash doll the rides it . all purchased for christmas . i hope it works well .
very nice , all pencils are sharpened . not short like a golf pencil .. they are a nice size . i am very pleased with this purchase !
my gr.dtr.got this for christmas and enjoys putting the shapes where they belong , and with the wooden pegs she can grab them easily with her little fingers .
who doesn't like a mystery . my boys play this all the time . even after he beat it . hours of fun
my daughter loves this . she takes it everywhere . you can make the slots small or large to fit other items
hard to see well in the pic , but they do have a little bit of detail to them . will make nice party favors
exact fit and feels alil stronger than what comes on it . would get again if needed . looks like all metal but its not
i found it rather cheaply made but my 9 year old likes putting together the bracelets . one of our better xmas purchases .
good dice . they do what they're designed for . don't see any flaw in them . they roll , they bounce , they make ' dice ' sounds .
great quality dish play set . the material is very study and i know that we will be playing ' restaurant ' a lot !
this requires no skill to use no special booklet you have to read to figure it out before you play with this . child safe .
honestly , i bought this set mostly for the minifigs . the shuttle is okay ... a bit too small . still very happy with the purchase .
best tp demonstrate how to put it together and let them bring it home to assemble as there is a transparent tip that is eay to lose .
a handsome storage case to store his tag reader system ( green ) wand and the numerous reading materials / books soon to be coming his way .
this little penguin is so sweet & goes great with the collection of christmas beanie boos . it is adorable with its christmas hat !
great idea for birthday favors and not just for the boys . the little girls take a loving to these also .
my son's favorite rescue bot is boulder . takes him everywhere in the car , plays with him in the snow , etc . would recommend .
this bowser is the best so far , better than the basic one's on here , imported from japan ... perfectson very happy
this is oneof the good deals i am talking about having for your reg customers . this will make a great gift for our nephew
thomas wooden railway stuff marks things up way too high for the thomas branding . at least these talk and are cute
i am giving this as a gift to a friend that has twins , and plan to buy one for our daughter also that was adopted from russia
perfect size for the beginner . the animals are fun for them to carry all around the house as well . winner
i bought these for my 4 year old son's birthday party . they are perfect and he loved them . they came packaged perfectly and fast .
awesome we got this last year and again this year . my 6 yr old daughter loves this and it helps keep her organized
kids loved theses cuties christmas morning . to extend the fun we put small gifts in the pockets also . great quality .
i got these for my kids as christmas gifts to go with their new innotabs . i think they'll be perfect ! !
my grandson enjoys putting these games together . i buy quite a bit for him and when i found amazon carried them - it was a dream come true
came very quick , no damage and an average price.very good card when you have a lot of high mana drop creatures in your deckalso look into elvish piper
i bought this item for my granddaughters and they love it . the multi car play-set is great and i would recommend this to others .
my son adores this bath toy . it's our second set , he's been playing with them for years . i highly recommend it .
this doesn't take much time for children to put together but it gives them hour of play afterwards . i reccomend this for young boys /
excellent . good for kids who are just starting to form words .. works best if you start off with the following sethttp :/ / www.amazon.com/gp/product/b004pbngem/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8=1789=390957=b004pbngem=as2=travguid0ca-20
i bought this doll for my daughter . she enjoys playing with it and all the others dolls we have purchased
this doll is cute good quality and is different is not like other dolls , my nice really love her doll and play a lot with her .
got this for my grandson who loves angry birds stuff , he really liked it and they are very cute . small but cute .
you can never go wrong when giving a thomas the train toy ! great gift and well built . kids just love them !
chopper flies very well and and battery life is longest of any of the 10 plus syma's i have owned .
come on , is a lego of the batman movie , gordon is the same of real life jajaja , bane and the thank , everything
very soft , nice creamy color , eyes set deep in fur , but a bit pricey for the size . excellent quality . 4stars
an essential for building little lego lands with your child . large flat area allows for people and buildings to stay put and play !
i bought this an another syma helicopter for my grandsons for christmas and they love them . both work great and don't break apart everytime they bump into something .
this is an item that is a christmas present for my daughter . she wants it soooo bad , so i know she will love it !
this product helps with the how the number should look once he or she has written the number . it's a great teaching tool for preschoolers.cynthia
my son loves his space shuttle , it makes a funny lift off sound . it is very life like and really likes playing with it .
this toy is simple and cute . well made and a pretty good size . my boys loved it and i will probably get all the yoshi's soon
picked this game up for use in the car . it kept my grandson busy and made the trip a little less annoying ! ! !
my daughter got it as a gift . she loves it and it is a good quality . the fuzzy slippers were a nice bonus .
loves her learning tablet and plays with it all the time . this was a great gift for my 6 year old niece !
a great game that the whole family loves ! easy to follow rules and bright colors make it a hit with the kids .
great construction , fun toy . wheels roll easily , magnet holds the cars together . granddaughter loves to play with this thomas train along with her brother .
i bought this for my niece for christmas . was very pleased when it came . very cute ! can't wait to see her face on christmas !
this doll was real cute with the guitar . my granddaughter really liked the guitar and the outfit she was wearing .
the next best thing to having to adopt an actual chihuahua for my 4yr old . cute toy .
bought this as a gift for our grandson . he is going to be so excited to receive talking tim . soft rubbery can position his hands .
this is a great party game . even my coworkers love to play it in the break room ... which probably isn't appropriate but we don't care .
prefect christmas gift , son just open when saw this display on table . he likes lego alot , especially planes and cars
i can't wait to see the face of the person i got this for . it is the perfect combination of the person's 2 likes . =)
my 7 year old son loves legos and he loves the avengers . what 7 year old boy doesn't ? this was a no-brainer christmas gift .
princes cadance is a great toy they wings light up and flap when the cutie mark button is push , she also sings , giggles and talks
already spent several nights playing this game with my husband . only problem is finding the time to play ! we love it !
my grand-daughter had so much fun creating her own crafts with this . simple and creative . worth every penny and some .
it shows a baby in a hulk costume but its a talking action figure . i knew this upon buying it , but i am just giving a heads up
i never understood why pieces of plastic were not cheaper but this is a descent set and for legos the price is acceptable . i would probably buy again
adding to the collection of friends lego's . my daughter will enjoy this . saving for christmas . will provide hours of fun .
best way to make custom shrinky dinks . only used one so far i think but you cant beat the customizable
my 13 month old daughter enjoyed stacking the blocks on top of each other & knocking em down.just don't let kids chew on them bec the paper peels off ...
little boys love dump trucks my granson loves playing in the dirt with this an amazingly he hasnt torn it up he rough on toys he a boy
this was hard for my almost 3 year old ... the paint doesn't travel well from the square to the picture
our little princess loves that this thing talks to her , what is funny , is that she answers it when it speaks
this ended up being the favorite present for the holidays . my two year old loves them and carries them everywhere . they are cute and well made .
so very nice you can keep all the parts together and helps with traveling so it is easy to care .
i'm always wanting my kids to have things to do outside . she really looks forward to getting out an playing ball with ... well , anyone that will .
my nieces loved these ! quality was great . they were big on their wrists , but i'm sure they will grow into them .
must have for any fan of the original 66 series . figure is very close to the riddler . brings back good memories .
legos & star wars - how much better could anything get ? my grandson had this kit put together in no time .
everybody in this house loves pete . books , music , and now a huggable pete . perfect size for our 2 yr old grand daughter .
we bought ours at cracker barrel , made a little different but still looks like the original sock monkey.another great gift for someone that you know has everything !
this is a cute little tool set . take it on the go in a ziplock bag and keep your little one busy .
this is an awesome toy , i bought for my grandson . he is a little small to play with but will grow into it
my grandson has 5 monopoly games , he loves them , but he especially loved empire game because he could buy companies he knew and loved .
my ten month old son has been playing with these rings for several months now . he loves to tip them over and roll them .
love how it is 3 in 1 since my child tends to get bored easily . catches his attention . great lego
this is a fun " pass the time " kind of game . you can do it yourself or get lots of people involved .
this set was wonderful ! my son will really enjoy it for the holidays ! quality was perfect ! ! ! will be ordering again !
my daughter got a rainbow loom for christmas , and we ran out of s-clips , this is the perfect ( and inexpensive ) fix ! !
bottles worked well from the get go . they seem durable , and were just what i expected . no complaints about this item !
this is a great accessory piece , especially since it can be turned and used to connect tracks that might otherwise not be able to be connected .
my 2 yr old grand-daughter loves this furniture . perfect size for her little hands and nice and sturdy . she plays with it constantly .
the giraffe looks good & my toddler will love it . the only complaint i have is that i paid for it to be gift wrapped & it wasn't
nice size and fit well . large for a toddler but covers all the clothes . i would purchase this item again .
it is awesome but make sure you read the directions because it only makes sense if you read them . ps . perfect for a birthday gift .
my daughter uses this all the time , easy to clean and easy to use . in practicing penmanship , it's been very helpful !
it feels cheap , but it hasn't broken yet . my boys don't play with it quite as much as i thought they would .
i put these in my class incentive store and my students absolutely love them . they are expensive , but cheaper in bulk than buying the sets .
big bad bowser , now in a small adorable huggable plushie that you can have so you can look at bowser with out fear of dying
the t rex reader book is a winner . my little boy sits for hours and plays with this book . the audio is well done .
i was as excited as the grandchildren playing with this item . sometimes mike the knight falls over as he goes around the bend.but they don't seem to mind .
bought to go with the innotabs for christmas . the 5 and 3 yr old grandsons love them . great educational games .
great learning tool . this is good to learn shapes or colors . i'm donating it to a school after we are done
the helicopter was just what i thought it would be from syma.controller is too smal and take some getting used to .
this makes bath time so much more fun for the little one . real exciting for them to see how the hair changes colour
this is what my son ask for my grandsons 4th birthday . i am sure that my grandson would love it .
needed a bigger place to have my son build houses on , this is great for that . would recommend . he finds it useful
my 2 and 3.5 year olds use this all the time . they love to paint with watercolors and these are wonderful .
this was a gift for my niece who loves american girl . she thought the outfit was cute so i would say it was a good gift .
this is a great quality toy boots like everything made by ty.we got it for a little girl and she loves it . is very soft and beautiful colored .
my son wanted this toy since i was able to show him a real one . he just loves all his bruder toys , thanks yet again bruder .
easy to hold buttons that are great fir motor skills . colors are easily matched and the pictures are fun for her too .
granddaughter loved it and it is small enough to carry with her in a pocket or backpack . she still takes it with her .
i got this for my son for christmas and it was 21.99 he likes the book and it keeps him busy in the car he just turned 2
my daughter loves this toy so much ! it is so cute and fun to put together . this provided hours of entertainment .
reminds me of one i had many years ago . the spinning principle and force that keep it balanced are fascinating to watch . not for very young children .
so much fun and works great hours of fun in the bathtub makes great gift and there are many different sets !
there are few games that bring my friends together . this expansion pack . adds so much more fun to the game .
my 7 year old daughter loves this and loves monster high . she really enjoyed putting the stickers on the girls and writing her own descritpions
fits product well . holds up to my 3 year old boys abuse.have had it for quite awile and it has no wear and tear yet .
these are very small , and very hard . the ones with wheels don't really roll and the kids didn't bother with them much .
cute little house my 6 year old built is 99 percent herself ... very satisfing nice calm toy to teach them how to folllow instructions
purchased for our 8 month old granddaughter and she is slowly warming to this puppy . i think that as she gets older she will really enjoy it .
great price for a lego product . prompt delivery . perfect condition.brand new item . detail in clothing , hat and painting perfect .
what a great gift for the gift bags ... and there is a decent amount with lots of different images for kids to chose from .
i tried using other types of pumps for filling balls and rody horse . this pump is easy to use and works much better than other devices .
my baby loves sprout shows and chica . this was the first stuffed animal that she every played with and still does after 2 years
as a big lego fan and a sherlock holmes fan , how can i resist this cute little mini fig ! plus the magnifying glass is functional !
my daughter loves this doll ! the quality isn't bad except for the crown which my daughter loved putting on her own head so much that it broke .
another christmas present and again i found it cheaper at another local store , it is to close to christmas to send it back .
this was a delightful toy . my 18 month old grandson was tickled with it on christmas and i think it was an excellent choice
a lot of interesting stuff in this and it will keep you entertained for quite a while !
she still plays with it , dressing her girls up and mixing and matching pieces . i'd recommend this product for little girls about age six or so .
another solid plush toy in the sonic line . it's already gone through the wash 2xs and it still looks fairly new .
it's a different , fun way for my ppcd students to work on both their color-learning skills a well as fine motor skills ! they like working with it !
my daughter loves this ... it's one of the toys she goes to most out of everything and its really helping her learn her numbers .
this was purchased as a christmas gift for a little girl who is from a low income family . this was on her christmas list .
fast shipping . good quality for the money . i ordered four sets and each child's a different age , it worked for all . they loved them .
you can't give a puzzle without also giving the puzzle rack.it keeps the puzzle pieces together and easy to get in and out .
these are thick and good quality . my kids love them and the little ones can learn their colors ! worth the cost
very well made but i should of read more about the dimensions , cute but veryyyy ting ... oh we'll next time
doll is great because it stands up on its own , is water proof , and has hair that is easy to comb .
another happy child with a new toy . lots of new designs have come with this new toy . she does like it .
great size , so cute and it really sings and giggles . little brother loved it . would def buy again ! thanks !
these look exactly lie the picture and are great for little girls who want there dolls to match their boots .
the picture is exact . the stuffed animal is cute . i received it as was scheduled . i have no problem with the item .
basic battery for the helicopter ! it works well and its pretty much the standard and the same size as the one the original copter came with
this line of products is so cute . my grandkids have a ball with all the different pieces to this line . great purchase .
to many rules to much crap to keep track of , not for children at all . children just give up and walk off .
nothing is s * * * tier than this puzzsle its not solveable cant get even half the pieces in do not buy one star
these are great for assiting with math visualization . must buy for homeschool mamas and anyone who has a visual or kinistetic learner .
goes well with rough kids this ball is softer than most and holds up with crazy use great finworth it . d ..
i have purchased this item two separate times , both times a hit with both little girls . it's a cute art project for kids to do .
very solid build . wish there were a few varients to actually have a race .
my kids really enjoy using these markers . a few from our set have started to leak . they wash off surfaces and clothing easily .
i've ordered many ' thomas ' products from amazon with no problems . this train was no exception . my son is very pleased .
i bought it for my 5 & 7 year old grandson and they had a blast . it was a " hoot " the adults even liked it
we bought this set before watching the movie . the good cop bad cop mini-figure is awesome . and the crocodile is cute .
i love the letter factory series and this game is no exception ! great purchase for the leappad or leappad 2 ! !
our three and five year old grand kids were pleased to receive them but weren't very interested in them after a couple of days .
the item is as listed and looks as pictured . my only complaint is it was missing the slotted spoon . i hate not getting what i paid for .
great toy . my daughter loves to wash and play with dora at every chance . quality product for kids . def reccommend
great stand-up toy for early walkers ; very entertaining ; well made ; my 1 year old granddaughter has enjoyed this toy & her parents have enjoyed its durability .
my granddaughter & grandson love it ! water combined with play what's not to love ? lots of pieces but what doesn't ?
this is a fun , cute and creative playhouse . my niece will enjoy spending lots of time in her new princess castle .
i received this monkey , tried it twice , and then it's arm broke . i would not recommend this item . cheap quality .
this series is so cute . i like that they are not dressed too hoochy . my daughter likes them because they are so different .
our grandson enjoys playing with this talking dinosaur . it is a good durable toy . great for kids two to six .
this set was perfect for our 5 year old son . it started off getting lego sets and will grow his collection fast . thanks
2 granddaughters + 2 tool kits = two happy granddaughters . i can't really rate the educational value until i see them framing a door or building a deck .
this was a christmas gift . the grandchild liked it . it was one of the things she requested for christmas so ...
just fine . sturdy paper that held up to wet paint.also arrived on time . would like to have more paper in the pad .
this is a great first year toy . it really grabbed our great granddaughters attention . the noise seemed to bother her mother but the baby loved it .
my kids saw these online before they were in stores . they begged for it and i think it worked out perfectly .
very durable and educational letters . my son loves to use these letters ! we bought the object magnets too . great job smethport !
this car is well loved at our house . my daughter drives it all over the house with her monster high dolls in it !
my 7 year old enjoyed this set . multiple vehicles and a big house . it kept him busy for at good while !
great price and great quality , this will be great at my son's upcoming 5th birthday - love this item , and it's cheaper here than in the stores
the most amazing game ! we bring this with us everywhere and play all the time . please buy this game ! you won't regret it !
recipient of gift loved it ! he loves cars and is really into legos at this time and plays with it often
same as above . i enjoy seeing the children play with and enjoy this product . well worth the money . good buy .
i got one of these for each of my 2 girls for christmas this year . they absolutely love playing with it . they are very happy .
melissa & doug are the greatest for children's items . i had longed to find plastic genuinely kid safe scissors and was grateful to find these .
this helo is easy to fly . i've got four other friends hooked on flying this remote control helo's with this model .
what an adorable and soft little puppy . couldn't be happier with the purchase . even cuter in person . love love it !
naturally toy story 3 learning game was a favorite with my granddaughter . she got a leappad from santa for christmas and she just loved this game .
another gift given for christmas . good price and educational toy . helps with learning shapes and is a great gift idea for infants and toddlers .
i'm trying to find a place to hide it ! it's driving me crazy.it ' s too loud . the kids scream in it .
this toy is super cool but be gentle with it , it's very delicate . my 3 year old and 7 year old adore this little guy .
i got for my daughter for christmas . she loves to do all of the designing and coloring . thank you much !
hours of fun looking at the star wars universe . a fun time for any star wars fan , young or old ,
great quality , just wish there were a few more pieces otherwise would give it a 5 . my 4yo and 2yo sons love these .
very cutely made ! bought these for my brownie troop for christmas for their american girl dolls . they were very excited and loved that their dolls matched them .
my 1 year old loves her phone ! it works good , looks good , and has been a wonderful learning toy for our daughter ! !
perfect item for gift bags . good in size , nice colors and kids love them . they worked it great for my party .
very well made and durable . good price vs . quality . easy to hold for toddlers . nice shapes and assortment . very impressed .
this barbie is absolutely perfect ! our daughter just loves her and the fact that she got a tiara too . i would highly recommend this .
cheaply made and a bit confusing for little ones . the older chutes and later design was better ... but the price is cheap
purchased as a holiday gift for my 5 year old son ... he absolutely love this ! very soft , cuddly , adn well made . thumbs up !
a very nicely detailed ankylosaurus in a nice action position . this one would go well in a diorama with a t-rex !
this toy was a great hit with the boys and was fun to build . a challenge for the younger children though .
this was defective out the box , and sometimes this happens , i just didn't get around to reordering , so i will have to revisit this review .
i liked dashi but for some reason i thought torpedo ray had some kind of feature . it didn't matter to my grandson , it completed his set .
my son plays with this for hours on end . talking and motion and educational tidbits are great ! good price and well worth it !
i got this for my granddaughter for her birthday and she just loves it . she just turned 2 this month . it is made very good !
all the weapons from ninja turtles fit in this shell . and we have every single one . they love this shell !
my granddaughter didn't play with this as much as i thought she would . it is a good durable toy .
these motors replace your worn out motors on the wl toys v 911 and are easy to replace with a soldering iron and some solder .
these are great toddler toys . our little girl adores her barn yard animals and these worked out great with her farm theme .
makes a lot of noise that's why kids love . an adult can even play taps . makes a great holiday gift from grandma
great little bracelet kit for anyone learning to make these rubber band bracelets . easy to learn and use ! you can make any design you desire !
my little girl and i love the castle ! she asked for a dollhouse , but i believe that she was pleasantly surprised to see this .
these seemed nice enough , and my toddler liked them , and plays with them often with her daniel tiger playhouse and trolly .
very cool . they are filled with liquid but so far neither my 2 year old nor my 4 year old has had any success with smashing them open .
these are made of great material and sturdy enough to be pulled by the kids … .. look very cute on and great price .
fun game ! the grandchildren love it . tin is smaller than a canof tuna , so easy to throw in purse or overnight bag . fun !
made for a great gift for an uber-got fan . the little dragon is a nice touch too !
cute game idea . whole idea of it is a lot of fun . great way of teaching kids the concept of playing board games . would recommend .
this product is fine , not great quality but good for the price . i would still order it again & recommend it to others .
i have this facing off with the knight that came with the king's castle siege set . looks cool that they are dueling in the castle court yard
bought as a x-mas gift for my daughter and she loves it . gets lots of entertainment from it . i've gotten a few laughs from it myself .
a nice re-supply of bands for my kids ' looms and 24/7 bracelet - making operation ! a good mix of colors included .
i love legos of any kind . this is one in a fun little series for girls and boys to enjoy !
my 5 year old granddaughter loved this for christmas . she has a huge lalaloopsy craze and she knows all their names .
my grandson loved this . the quality is wonderful and he loved shooting the little cannon . over and over and over .
this a great tub or pool toy . provides lots of fun . leo is all decked out for diving and rocket has a storage compartment .
new factions to mix and match to keep the game interesting ... also allows for more than 4 people to play :)
this puzzle is great ! ! ! my 2 yr old loves it , and we use it to tell stories . very cute and excellent interactive toy .
this couple is very interesting , with nice clothes , simply fantastic product and good service , i love it and my daugther too .
one of the best rc helicopters out there . but short flight time but quick charge time . i like it as much as my s107g
i got one of my goddaughters the clawdeen doll and her little sister this one for christmas . both were a hit and i couldn't be happier .
my kids love playing with this toy when ever they take a tubby ! my oldest even did a science experiment with it !
i bought this for my 1 year old grandson . his mom says it's working out very well , and protects the baby from the sun .
toddlers love this toy , well made and hard to flip when the kids get older
not too heavy , not too light . fits with the planes sky track challenge set , as well as a nice addition to the prop wash junction .
super cute and great quality . my kids both love pete and love being able to hold him while reading the many books we have about pete .
nice quality playing pieces to all of these very versitile game boards for endless variety and fun - and play that can be a learning tool also .
a great set for my littlest pet shop lover ! all the pieces are beautiful ! she will love this for christmas !
this is a great game for helping pre-schoolers and kindergarteners build their sight word vocabularyget one for home and donate one to the classroom .
my granddaughter loves these guys . it was a wonderful christmas gift . she has been playing with it ever since she opened it .
what a fun game ! i have played it many times and it does not get old . definitely going to buy some expansions !
my osn has collected four or five of these over the last month and they all seem to be of very good quality !
these are cute boots that fit my daughter's american girl perfectly . they're perfect for the stylish doll lover at your house .
we bought this as a gag gift for grandpa who loves trains . he loves it and the kids love to play with papa's toy .
this gold color is just ok - not tacky-looking but not spectacular either . he's become a nice addition to the collection .
i am happy with this purchase for the price i payed . i wish it rolled by itself since my daughter is walking now and she rarely crawls .
love it . great material . they lastest a lot . recomend it . great for a pirate bday . my kid love it . :)
cant really see the glitter . i wish colors were brighter and glitter was more prominent . kids like playing with them , so , it ok
granddaughter's comment , " i want a pair just like these . " versatile - goes with many outfits . i definitely would recommend these .
my god daughter loves this doll it is very durable as she loves to play mommy . i would definitely recommend this doll to other people
this is good products ! we bought it for lipper international child's chalkboard desk and they works great for it . nothing add more about it . recommend
arrived on time and well packaged . grandson loves and swears by this company's bey blades for durability . thanks for great service .
i'm glad i got this deck ! the game is such a blast it's very easy to got thro the cards fast !
my son loves fishing for puzzle pieces . this is very well made and the big chunky pieces makes this safe for even smaller children .
i bought this for my daughter as a christmas gift . i think she's going to love it . can't wait to give it to her .
sleeps with is hug hug and more hug for him great for little kids little taller than him lol !
i replaced the lock with a better quality combination lock . other than that , the diary is great , and my son loves it .
granddaughter loves it . details and colouring is delightful . shipping was fast and packaging was excellent . definitely a keeper would recommend to any collector or little girl .
i have played this game with my older kids and we love it ! it comes with everything you need for two players to have a lot of fun .
this seasonal room set is a cute addition to the fisher price loving family dollhouse collection . my granddaughter really likes it .
they put it together right away and loved it , very cute and a great gift for any girls birthday or present
my grandson opened this and immediately began to build it , he's 10 . it was a hit for his birthday and makes me look cool !
i bought this set to use as a cake top decorations & it was perfect . bonus is now my daughter can play with the figures .
she loves these and stacks towers that are taller than she is . would recommend to young toddler through preschool ages
soft and cuddly curious george . he is adorable and easy to hold on to.great for a 16 month old to fall asleep with .
what a great price i got this gift at . supper fast shipping and he just loves it . a great buy for a great gift idea
nice and sturdy case for mobigo which can stand up to a childs control . multi colors makes it colorful when traveling
never saw giant bubles like this . it's fun , but not as easy as the small one . i also think it's pricey .
we bought this for my 3yr old daughter for christmas . she used it a few times since christmas but has since moved on to her other toys .
my 6 year old daughter loves this set . it does have small pieces so not the best for families with small children .
cheaply made , and drips verrrrrry slowly . too slow for my 2 1/2 year old ( it was a stocking stuffer ) . a waste for us .
my son wanted transformers but that was always a job for mom and dad . these things are great for him to do on his own , he loves them
i got this at target for 19.99 with winter soldier these are awesome figures man i love these figures jus so cool
love this , my son is crazy about the figurines . looking at them now i realize they are amazingly accurate . love it !
this is a cool little desk toy . my 13 year old actually requested it and thought it was pretty cool . no complaints !
quality toy for a toddler . nice quality wood used . painted well with nice colors . i have several melissa and doug toys and i love them all !
a very good party game ! ! ! everyone that played it ( friends , family ) likes it too ! it's very addicting for all ages .
as always , this is a very durable and cute addition to the thomas collection of trains . my son loves victor !
my grandson still uses this learning tablet from a few years ago . it has great activities for learning and applying .
grandson put it together on christmas day and then sent me the completed picture . he loved it especially since both his parents were previously in the coast guard .
this cookie baking toy has provided hours of fun . of all the toys we bought for christmas someone plays with this every day !
my 10 year old son figured out the patterns quickly and has lost interest in the toy . it's a great gift to keep giving to someone else .
this will occuply children for a while . they have fun with dot to dot and try to finish this book as quickly as possible .
these helicopters are a lot of fun for the money . be sure to let the battery cool for 5 minutes before and after charging .
fit is great for an 18 inch doll . sophia's has quality clothing for a good price . i recommend shopping with sophia's .
these really are darling . i have not used them yet but all the pieces seem durable and it will make my 4 year old happy .
this doll is adorable and very soft . i was more than satisfied with this doll . i love that the pacifier is magnetic and clings to her mouth .
this arrived fast and exactly as it was descibed . this is a nice little set and my little one loved it .
my son loves wreck-it ralph and now he has one to cuddle up with at night ! it's a great plush toy for anyone who is considering buying it !
super cute little peace sign hamster . my daughter who is seven loves it ! it is smaller than i expected but she loves it just the same .
my son loves it but it tends to fall apart easily . the boats that hang to the side fall off all the time .
i bought this as a gift for a friends little one . she loves it and plays with it daily . great gift for a little one .
fisherprice makes decent plastic toys . they know not to make any of the pieces too small and the tree is very charming . my girls loved the castle .
hours of fun , but i wish it was more durable . a bit noisy , but other than that , it is a great toy .
got this for a friend . it's her second one . she wore her first one out after dragging it around for a few years . very cute
this is such a beautiful set i bought 1 from my 2 nieces and my daughter or maybe for me ! ! its a lovely dolly .
my 31/2 yr . old really likes this . it has been a little tough for his little hands to use , but he's figured it out .
you can get the first wave clawdeen , draculara , and frankie on the walmart site now for $ 20.they have them in the warehouse
goes well with their dollhouse ... price was good when i bought it ... and no , tiana is not in the box , just in the picture !
very cute and cuddly dinosaur ! my daughter loved it and loves playing with it on webkinz world on line . item as described .
we love all lalaloopsy stuff and this was a great addition to our lalaloopsy land collection . super adorable as always .
teenage mutant turtle anything seems to be great ! the quality and detail of this action figure impressed me . thank you buddyerma
the grandkids loved it , fits right in with the other little people playsets.good quality , great detail , nice price and can be passed on to the younger ones
met all expectations , our grandsons haven't stopped playing with the new guys . this line is a very big hit in our family .
i would tell any one to purchase these items , makes for a great game and it started a grat collection
kaylee loves this book she takes very good care of it she has someone to read it to her all the time she almost knows it my heart
this is a christmas gift for a little diva that she requested so can't wait to give it to her for the holidays !
great for car rides or any time that i want my kids busy and not doing something electronic . i find myself shaking it up too ! fun
very creative and neatly designed character by lego . my son loves it as an add on to his collection . really colorful
great size . got here very quick . my little boy absolutely adores it . he's two years old . works just as described . brings lots of joy .
my kids love there dolls , and have a lot of fun with them , price is decent as well . my 6 and 3 year old love them .
all of my grandchildren love legos and this will one of the great gifts that will be given this christmas . great service .
my kindergartener loved this gift . he loves to teach his students ( mom & dad ) . this is a good quality item to add to the playroom .
wish it came with pencils but we bought some and my 10 yr old takes this every where . my 11 yr old girls really likes it too
i thought this product consists of regular sized bracelets , but this consists of lots of tiny rubber bands to make bracelets .
we have an on-running gag between our granddaughter and her grandpa . this mouse is so incredibly realistic ! it gets hidden in sock drawers and in pillow cases !
arrived not working ! ! ! very annoyed that i have to return this item and try to get another one that works ! ! !
the size and weight of this doll are great for little hands and it smells great too ! love this doll .
our little sweet grand daughter really loves this stroller . she is adorable pushing it around with her little baby in it .
my kids love this game . my 4 year old son is obsessed with it and has no problem doing it . i highly recommend .
stores tons of of legos or other little items that kids leave every where .. a good buy if your into legos , if not its quite expensive
it is nice addition to my lego trucks , i do not like it as much as the others , but it is nice nonetheless .
my daughter hasn't used these on her american girl doll yet , but they appear well made and will fit the doll .
my 2 year old daughter enjoys playing on this toy does some reading and singing . it keeps them entertained for a while .
this thing shoots far and it incredibly accurate ! my 7 year old loves it ! good quality as well as it seems durable .
my son loves this toy . it has keep his interest since he was 1 and is now 1.5 . he loves to stack them and knock over .
this little guy is really cute and as with most legos he is detailed very nicely . he made a great gift item .
this is probably my favorite rescue bot . my son wants me to play with him sometimes , so i have some real playtime experience with these .
this was a easter gift for my 4 year old grandson who likes cars . he thought it was great . i think your word requirement is annoying
surprise surprise pink blocks are a hit with a 2 year old and a four year old little girls.laugh out loud
it's beautiful . she hasn't received it yet , it's put away for christmas . i can hardly wait to give it to her .
my 4 y0 likes playing with the tracks more than the cars on it . not really impressed ; didn't keep him entertained at all !
this is a great set of legos . my daughter is in love ! there are a lot of different pieces so she can build many things .
my granddaughter loves crafty items and this toy has provided her hours of funtime with me and without me . this toy is great for the imagination too .
my lego gradkid who wanted some legos found this one to be perfect for his ninjago collection . the golden dragon is perfect .
this set was so small and we sent it back immediately . it is for really younger kids even though it looks big in the picture .
i bought these for a recent beach trip . it was great quality and my 3 year old daughter played for hours !
adding to learning to read better ... picking up words that already easy and adding different words is exciting for my grand daughterthank you
the melissa and doug wood magnets stick to the wall i painted with magnetic paint . however , the foam magnets from smethport are stronger .
this was for my 4yr old son . he loves that its reading without mommy and daddy reading it to him .
my niece and nephew just love to play ' kitchen ' . my sister tells me this was their favorite gift - the play food from melissa and doug !
my daughter loved this doll and its accessories , it was just what she wanted for christmas . she was very happy .
crayola always makes such great markers . the colors are beautiful and my girls really love all the color options with crayola .
loving the new rebelle line from nerf for the girls . this kit was well worth the price and my daughter loved it .
product just as described . arrived on time without any issues . no fault with quality . an addition to the growing collection . good purchase .
kids just love it ! i keep buying more and more play dough.its worth every penny for the fun and creations kids make out of it
i had never seen this particular happy napper before purchasing it , i have to say that it is just as cute as the others .
this will be a great bithday present for my husband who has been wanting to purchase this game . he almost bought it for himself the other day .
this little monkey is a scream . literally ! very fun to pick up and play with . inexpensive gift . love !
any mlp fan is going to love this ! i bought it for my 4 year old niece and she's having lots of fun with it !
this is a family favorite . it is a good mix between challenging and simple to understand . fun for everyone from 12 years up .
my kids love this toy . there are so many ways to play with it - - the magnets add an extra dimension to the creativity .
this was such a nostalgic character , i had to get it for my son . it's simple and small , but he liked it .
bought this to compliment my son's log sets . felt a bit odd playing cowboys and indians in 2013 . nothing great or horrible with this set .
oh my . this thing is so obnoxious with its constant yipping , but the kids can't get enough . pretty hard not to laugh watching them
these are so much more fun than the standard varieties because they actually look like real vegetables . my kids love playing store with these .
though a bit expensive like all the minecraft products i thought this was great and cute . the wall mounting option is awesome and now have to order another .
it delivers what it promises : keeps your kid clean and makes them feel like they are real artists . now just try to keep your house clean .
the colors , durability and handle are wonderful = my grandson 11 months can easily use this and loves to chew on the handle too
this is just what was needed to have the leap frog hold more information . my grand kids love it even more .
this is a great starter remote control car for a young child . a little loud but over all it is a great toy
my 11 year old has really enjoyed this game . she is not one for playing alone , but this solitaire strategy game has really kept her attention regardless .
i purchased this game for my 19 year old son . he almost bought it himself a few weeks ago , so i know i made the right choice .
not what we expected . we thought the little dolls would be able to ride . we could have lived with out this addition .
he was a bit rough with the first " tough guy " so now we're on our second boxer ! lots of fun !
i got this truck for my son and ha loves loading and unloading the little cars on it , it is nader well and it keeps him bz
bought this lego as a birthday gift for my six year old nephew . he loved it and had a great time building it .
good bargain for toddler blocks . my 2 yr old loves these . the bag makes cleanup much easier and it can easily travel with us .
daughter absolutely loved it . once it was put together she just couldn't stop getting on it and wanted to spin spin spin . kids will love it .
i bought this for a christmas gift . it was a huge hit ! duck dynasty fans can test their knowledge of how well they really know the show .
smaller than i thought , i actually like it , my granddaughter couldn't have cared less about it . i guess it was just not her thing .
this is a very simple but helpful product in helping to keep legos steady while children build their wonderful creations .
we really love the wooden train sets and this was yet another wonderful addition . fits all our various brand tracks .
the doll is very cute and seems to be fun for my granddaughter . not unexpectedly the hair stays pretty much a mess all the time .
the little boys ( ages 5-9 ) both love playing w / this toy . they're both pretty rough on their toys and this is standing up well .
i have one very artistic grand daughter , who recently brought home a knitting kit . i hope the crochet will be easier for her to learn .
doesn't work very well . keeps saying the same two things . my daughter wanted it so badly and now never plays with it . not worth the money .
my grandaughter loves making things for her hair . this was easy for her to do one her own . cute too !
the classic card game " uno " maintains its hypnotic appeal . it makes a great gift for anyone , and almost all ages can enjoy it .
my son uses this during his therapy sessions , and it has really helped with his fine motor and praxis skills .
it quit working but was past the one month time frame to get it fixto much money for another one .
these tattoo assortment is a nice pick for boys or girls a nice mixture for both genders for a nice prize
great price for the shoes . fit alright . delivered on time . goes well with many outfits being dressy or not . good quality of materials
i have 18 mth twin grandkids and i bought these to help entertain them while riding in the car . they love to draw and erase on them .
super fun toy ! ! ! our one year old loved this ! ! ! easy for him to carry around at 18 months . great toy .
we bought this to add to the rest of our children's wooden train track collection . the kids love playing with it .
100 balloons for roughly $ 7 , depending on the day . bought these and blew them up , because that's what you do with balloons .
cute small dog . have had for a while and still going strong . kids love it . happy with this toy .
fisher price keeping fun simple . i had this as a child and my son is enjoying and learning good eye hand skills with the same toy i did
the kids loved this and played and played with it .. it was one of the better stocking stuffers that i gave and much worth it in my opinion .
these are great ! my grand daughter loved them ! they are easy for her little hands to handle and create with .
came in original packaging . finding this doll made a little girls birthday unforgettable . it was worth the money for that .
darth vader rocks . my son loves this . he was very hard to find and got him at a great price .
great color . soft material . good protection . since it was thrown in free with our leapfrog purchase , i can't complain at all !
these are great . i purchased these for my kids so we can get some pins for trading at disney world .
we use this at school as a challenge activity , it's great even at fifth grade . it can be simple for preschoolers and level up for older kids too
make your own is better , just junkmessy mess , gave it away after first trycheap , don't buy this thing
a must have great story and my 20 month old loves listening to the story's and turning the pages with the arroow button
always loved the memory matching game on tv and theolder version of matching so cant lose with this one easy to do and store
this glam vacation house is available from target for under $ 40 . do not spend this much money for this item .
just a fun toy to make noise with and different shapes when connected together . these promote creative play and interaction .
i love how her fashion style on this doll she is very pretty & perfect & :) i have built up a big collection since i bought these dolls .
an oldie but goodie ! must have game ... perfect for family night or as a gift ! great quality & price ! a + + +
the package was on time and well wrapped . the clothes fit my granddaughter's dolls perfectly . she enjoys changing their outfits and mixing and matching them .
even if they are cute , and like temp , the skirt should have a better quality material . , but they look mice on the doll
very good educational game . it teaches how to earn money . my 5 years son plays with it with great pleasure . and thank you for great price .
don't want to have to buy all the pieces to make a set or town . so many different things to have to buy
these come all stuck together in a grid , so after you pull them apart they have sharp bumps along the edges .
my granddaughter loves princesses and legos , so this was a no-brainer . it is the usual , great quality lego product . good
children love her . it's is very fun when you see.how excited they are for her when she moves . she is a cute.elf just right .
my daughter loves this " punzel " doll ! she carries her around and puts her in blankies to keep her warm ! she loves her !
just as good as legos but obviously much bigger for toddler safety . kids love building with them and definitely builds imagination .
my son may have been a little young for this ... it did not keep his attention like i had hoped it would .
love the quality of the product ! can't wait to visit my granddaughter this summer and play the game with her
bought it to go with a ninja costume for christmas for our grandsons and they loved it ! made the costume look great ! would buy again !
had lots of fun with this in the pool this summer . recommend it if you have a big pool and room for big toys .
the item was in perfect condition . i just don't like the product itself . i don't like that it can't sit up and the legs are flimsy .
this a very optimistic 8 ball , almost always tells me what i want to hear so thats why its not 5 stars , feel its to nice .
these were just what i wanted and so very cutegave them to my granddaughter to give her friends for gifts
haven't opened it yet but its so darling i want to get it out of the box myself and play with it !
we buy lots of these adorable zoobles for our 4 grand daughters and they love them . this gift pack was perfect and the price made it even better .
my niece will loves to play beauty shop and paint her fingernails as well as her friends . the dryer is just an extra !
when ordered i did not realize this is the jr . version and is considerably smaller than the other one . my mistake .
tank droid great size for a new lego star wars fan goes great with other sets purchased in the lego star wars collection
i bought this for doing my homeschool math . my boys love the bears and i can use them for different math examples / activities .
made great birthday gift and accessary to mega block set , good price , came quick , very cute , very sturdy for little child
helps children plan make believe meals and they can play for hour . you can all so get an idea of what their favorite foods are /
so here i go again with my review . i love leapfrog and my grandchildren totally enjoy it . words can't explain it better .
good snow block for making forts and igloos . easy to remove snow because of hole in top . just a bit overpriced !
the dinosaur seemed a bit small but so far no problem and the kids like to play with them . the eggs are sturdy .
it is a little bigger than i expected , which is fine . my toddler can easily draw and erase on her own . i love this toy !
great for a little 2 year old boy . he loves it ! fast delivery ! it looks great and not from cheap plastic
the characters are so cute and don't look like cheap , poorly made plastic toys . they are good quality and my daughter loves them .
grandson loved shooting this iron man toy and his mom didn't have to fear damage to household items from soft foam rings .
my son loves his legos . these bases are great for building . these allow him to display his legos on his desk .
we gave this to our little 2 year old grandson for christmas , along with the fp school bus . he can't put them down !
i would definitely recommend it . be careful if you have dogs ; mine ripped two of these . i have bought another .
my son puts this game down when he is tired of learning but it is fun with a lot of action like a video game . i like it
the kids love to play with this toy . he eats many more things than the cookies . i had to order one for each of my boys .
bought for my five year old's birthday present and he loved this sphere ! very fun and sturdy ... kids toss it around and it hasn't broke yet !
my little princess only claims items that are pink or in close second purple . she loves this and takes it everywhere with her .
this was a gift for my granddaughter and she loves it . she loves the way the doll transforms . like having 2 different dolls .
fun kit to assemble with a 7 yr old . goes together quickly and easily and he was thrilled to see it walk .
super duper cute ! ! you can buy these at wal-mart possibly cheaper . there's nothing specific to review on them . they are cute and
built two on the car and one on the transformer . not as delicate as i thought it would be but made due .
this is small but cute ! my grand daughter , who's 6 , loves to braid hair . now she can use this doll .
durable and good . but like the present four-year-old son.but the screen seems a bit small . seemed to have little storage capacity .
great great great toyit looks like the movieand price is cheaperarrived on timeit was a gift and thanks
this is a simple yet engaging toy all young ones can enjoy ! it is a worthwhile purchase . i keep ours in the car for long car rides .
very well made puzzle with quality paper . picture is clear and pieces are easy to assemble . highly recommend this one !
as i said in the item above , this piece also made it possible for him to use his imagination and have a great time playing .
this is cute and fun for my daughter , but i don't like this as much as the others we bought her for christmas .
these magnets are great for mounting your lego figures & creations on your fridge , filing cabinet , toolbox , etc . order your now !
huge disappointment - flimsy design . cars didnt stay charged . sent it back . dont waste your money . very disappointed little boy .
my three year old grandsons love this . it's educational and fun . i love leapfrog products in general . i'm happy about their response .
ordered for our 5 yr old grandson for easter can't wait to see his face when he gets it out of his basket .
if you can stand a little bit of noise then it's worth the smile it puts on your childs face .
very light , but design could be improved a bit at some of the stress points ( where outer guards connect to the arms that attach to the propeller )
i think this is a great way to make a game for the younger generation of kids that like to play tv games
keeping with the tradition of sturdy , well made toys for play in combination with the wide variety of units offered for the thomas series .
kids love it , parents want to toss it . the noise is way too loud . i wish there was a real volume control
this is a smaller version of some of the more expensive and larger furreal pets but still really cute and animated .
i bought this as a gift for my daughter who just loves to pretend she is a fashion designer . she loved it
my 2 1/2 year old son loves playing with these . his speech therapist recommended we get these to help him . very durable .
great tool set to use with play doh and to use to roll , spread , cut , carve , etc ... worth the purchase .
for whatever reason , this did not capture my kids imagination . like the sounds . the lower door pops off and will not stay on for lift-off
this was great for our two year old granddaughter ! everything is soft . she sleeps with it every night ! her favorite !
my son loved it . good quality and size . i just wish there was a way to fix the hat in place as it easily drops off
super cool trucks ! my 6 year old son loves them and enjoys combining them with all his other lego trucks !
screen is small , can't see very far , very disorienting to use . i'm gonna save for years so i can buy a real pair .
the grandkids ( ages 7-9 ) enjoyed playing one game but then seemed to lose interest . probably would not buy it again .
great price and great educational item . my daughter love this tag and i think me and dad made a great choice . use daily
the shoes are well made and fit to a " t " . i also purchased the white sneakers and they are made well also
i got these for 4 year old twin boys , they loved them right away ! they are light weight and a nice size for their small hands .
i gave this to my 19 month old for christmas . she loved it and played with it for 4 days .
adorable . i recommend it . exactly what my toddler daughter wanted . cute , soft , fluffy , and will bring a smile to your little ones face .
our 13 month old can not get enough of these toys " driving " them around . they are durable and really cute !
this is an awesome little rc car and soft for little hands to grab . easy to work and my grand-daughter loves it ! ! !
accurate description of this item . i like the long cord and it is definately a must for the inno tab 2 .
this is a cool toy that both my kids ( 3 & 1 ) love . i mounted it on the wall and they both play with it everyday .
i gave this to my 3 year old granddaughter who had a lot of fun playing with it . it kept her busy for hours .
luvthis copter cause im still newat this . flew it first time , fought wind pretty well . would buy again . love symaproducts
my daughter used her birthday money to purchase this product and she plays with it every day ! the light up feature is really cool !
great pictures , shapes , quality , colors and sturdy box . highly recommend ! my 2.5 year old loves it ( he's an advanced puzzle-doer ) .
cute tattoos but did not last very long . good for switching them out often . nice variety of dinosaurs and enough of them .
i am giving this to my nephew for his birthday . this toy is a perfect size , bright colors , my nephew will love it !
my kindergartner loves these cards . just challenging enough that he is learning a few while being able to score some hits on his own
great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellenthnksarrived on time in perfect conditionsgreat toy
took about 5 minutes to put together . this would be good in my opinion for a starter who likes architecture .
i bought this for my grandson's birthday party . the sign was large in size and worked perfect with the party theme . a colorful and cute decoration .
have a few students who need sensory . my students didn't show this item a lot of interest . i guess it's okay .
my daughter never gets tired of this . buy the original , this one . is study and works perfectly a difference of the imitations
easy to put together and to fly ! took it to the beach during summer vacation , kids loved it ! no complaints at all .
no surprises here . i used them as filler in a " life aquatic with steve zissou " themed gift . they were great for that .
it was a great gift for a little girl . she loved it and i am glad she like it so much .
molly looks like real locomotive due to her big front wheels . very beautifully rendered engine . having a coal cart is nice additional touch .
heard from others that this circut set is so great so i got one for my nephew for christmas - - they love it .
love them ! huge selection of colors for the kiddos to make bracelets with ! pretty tough too ! they don't snap easily !
great stuffed animal . my niece loves peppa and this was a good purchase for me . i would recommend this for any child .
great price . very cool . even has a great name ... maverick ... it can be my wingman anytime . no problems with this one , works great .
these are so cute and the little sisters idea is genius . my granddaughter always has one tucked in her mittens or her pocket !
got this for my grandson because he loves olivia . it turned out to be a very nice toy . he loves playing with it .
apparently he still enjoys it as well as his 3 year old sister . have heard no complaints . seemed sturdy enough and the quality looked good .
must have for any fan of the original 66 series . figure is very close to the joker . brings back good memories .
this was my grandchild's first doll . she loved it . always got the stroller to go with it . thanks again for a great shopping experience .
christmas present for my granddaughter . just what she wanted . she loved it . said it was the best gift she got all year !
game came in great condition and is very fun.must add to your list of games . despite the box , the is a very engaging and fun game .
flashlight friends - blue dogcute , it's like a little furry flashlight .. i thought it would've been a bigger hit than it was
our 5yr old daughter loves it ! she really likes velma and she loves a mystery ! scooby doo seems to be timeless !
rules easy to learn , somewhat difficult to visualize new paths , have played many times . good , but not great game
the chain may be cheap but the cogs are exactly what i was looking for . now if only i can scribe my info into the backs .
it pretty much just clips on so i can remove it easily . we live in texas so this is necessary for sunny days .
i bought this for my youngest son when he was 19 months old .. he is now 23 months and still won't bother with this slow toy .
much imprived over previous ones for other grands--cute sounds , nice colors / eyes move with responses / shuts down when programmed to--no mess--great pet
my daughter loved her pom pom kitty when it arrived . it's a cat and it's pink , so it was a hit :)
kids play with this for hours.they are fascinated by trucks and these are very durable.highly recommend to anyone to purchase
very hard and stiff . not flexible or stretchy enough for complex loom bracelets . this was definitely a waste of money .
they make lovely snow ball to play with . kids will enjoy without a doubt . great winter activity for them after snow .
all cards were received in excellent condition . i am very pleased with the price and quality . the cards were kept well .
my son loves them . he's bought several of them in the past few years . these were a perfect add-on to his forever-growing matchbox car collection .
this is a great , well made two seater wagon . our grandchildren are going to love using it in the spring / summer .
i got this for my nephew and he loves it . great way to keep a kid entertained as he is getting ready for bed time .
durable , kid proof set of easy science lessons with gear to match . a contianer to hold all the parts would have been nice too .
prime shipping , no hassle . great price . fun toy for kids to play and learn , educational . great price .
my granddaughter just loves this barbie . she play with it for hours at a time . great outfit and the colors are perfect !
we love this . it makes our leappad fit in the leappad case tightly and it has also procted our leappad several times as it has been dropped .
a great puzzle for kids . my son likes thomas and the birthday party theme makes it great for any birthday boy or girl . i recommend it .
so glad i found these . good space saving , easy to keep track of and identify because of photo slot . great idea .
my grandson received these for his birthday and absolutely loves them . he plays with them all the time whether he is at home or in the car traveling .
my son loves this , it was a great birthday present . he feels like he is part of the biking crowd now :d
this was a requested gift and amazon always make shopping great when i look for items .
quite a good game for our crowd to play . we camp a lot in the warm months , and everyone liked the game really well .
i need to put it away because really he just wasnt into it after all his other toys came out .
my 1 1/2 yr old grand-daughter loves doing her colors when she puts her money in and needs to get the drawer open so great for their development .
keeps the kids busy for about an hour . so you need to know if the price is worth it to you .
my seven year old favors this character's personality . she's a skater / surfer / swimmer like her . all the mh dolls we've bought totally rock !
it sure could have been more plush / fur-like . i give it just a " c " ... it's just an ok in my book . sorry !
very cute and fun toy for any little boy . my son loves this set as he's a huge spiderman fan . this is one of his favorites .
my daughter is 3 years old and loves this system ! the games are great too , and its fairly durable . i would recommend . thanks !
children have loved this and it's the best size for a toddler to learn on and grow into ; good quality too
i love the durability of the cars . they are a great size for little hands . they don't scratch the floors . my grandson loves them !
i love this game ! the turntable makes it much better than the one we had before . it is worth the exxtra money !
it is quality made and my daughter picked them up easily . has the usual quality and consistancy you can expect from melissa and doug
this toy is very well made and durable . it has been played with a lot and has been a great gift .
this is not a good clock to teach time with . the minute hand does not move so it's hard to teach the children .
this is a fun game that is easy to learn for a wide variety of ages . it is quick to play .
he rocks ! he beats every one of my 4d beys and all fo the above he rocks and i highly recomend him ! ! !
we bought these wooden pets to go along with our granddaughters dollhouse . good wooden quality with good color and fun accessories .
it's nerd so get it . great value for the amount of discs you get in this pack . the green are easy to find too with the bright color
my 3 year old grandson loves all the engines it the thomas the train series . he was so happy to get the hiro take n play engine .
can't wait to get these in the sand with my son .. can't go wrong with m & d toys an love the bright colors
unfortunately , brewster fell apart into two pieces shortly after my grandson opened the package . i haven't heard if they ended up gluing him back together successfully yet .
grandson loves thomas and trains so this was a nice addition to his set.sturdy and simple to use . nice
i purchased this for my grandson and he just loves it . he never seems to get bored going back and forth playing with the many instruments
my son loves putting these together and driving them around . good quality , sturdy , cute . they are about 3-4 inches long each .
holding up well . put on a tree limb with a carabiner and hammock straps . this was the best price i found .
these are plan sticks , they light up different colors , ... they come with batteries ... great for parties , im using mine for mardi gras throws .
he loves shapes ... and the shows like sights and sounds which show shapes making images of things . so this was perfect .
these work in helping my 3 and 5 yrs old children hold their pencil better . however , they only fit those thin yellow pencils .
this cafe set is so cute and very colorful ! the pic does not do it justice . my daughter loves to pretend her dolls are in scaris !
christmas gift for my 2 year old grandson , i like the fact that the stick holding puppet in an upright position is removable .
great stocking stuffer . durable ' lion man ' can fight with all the other guys .. even king kong ! great imaginary thing .
aww , this was for my daughter . she loved it.she fits right in with the other beanie boos cats.good
seems so very simple ; it was worth every penny ; we have so much fun playing this and also it can be played in a very small space too
fun game ... we play board games nonstop during the holidays . always looking for a new game this was fun and entertaining ! ~
nice set for a mom concerned with what she exposes her kids to in the environment . very nice toy set .
be careful not to sit o it or your butt would hurt . actually you can use it to massage your shoulders .
it was the hit of the party . the kids loved it and my grandson love it too . i'm thinking in ordering for another grandson's party .
another gift for my nephew . makes him feel like a big boy playing with the tools.he loved playing with them
he carries them everywhere he goes . i am happy with this purchase and would recommend it to a friend or neighbor .
the kids love it . in the pool or in the yard , it works great .
bought this for two teenagers , provides endless laughs with their friends , boys and girls , what is not to love , it is exactly as described
very nice . a holiday gift that will be loved . can't wait to see my granddaughter's face when she opens her and finds this long awaited surprise !
its just perfect size shape and everything my daughter is going to love it for her birthday . shipped pretty fast too .
this not only stores the lego pieces , but makes it easy to travel.it also looks nicer than an ordinary storage box .
it seems to fly pretty well but the unit is overall fragile . after a few hard landings i noticed it starting to fall apart .
if you are in the construction mode , this is a great add-on . always keep the assembly instructions in case it gets taken apart .
this is a fun project to do with kids . just takes patience to wait till the rocks tumble and become jewelry ready .
my toddler loved this toy . still plays with it and drags it around the house . it is in tune and a great toy .
this slinky is small / too short . it does not " walk down stairs " . total waste of money . i do not recommend buying it .
this one he is getting after he get out of school next moth if his report card is good im sure it is .
our granddaughter loves changing the diapers on her babies and this set is a perfect gift for her . she is 2 1/2 .
this is great for my 2 year granddaughter - bought it for a christmas present - she will love it .
my 2 year old daughter is pretty picky as she prefers to play with a real iphone or ipad ... however she really enjoys playing with this phone !
granddaughter loves the interactive activities , games that this game provides . would recommend this product to parents who have young children
these are adorable tiny guns , but i prefer the nerf rebelle pink crush blaster . the blaster is easier to shoot and it shoots farther .
daughter loves this game ! she's learning so much from these games and the fairies are just a plus ! can't seem to get her to stop !
he has already spent days away from the ds and wii so he can be outside searching for bugs to catch and look at .
this is a great addition to any child's room , it is very colorful and hopefully will hold a lot of the pieces that my grandson has already acquired .
nice train , interact with the other chuggington trains ; my son likes it a lot ; however the sound is very low , wish there was a volue button
i purchased these to go with the wooden train cars set we had ... these worked perfectly with keeping the tracks secured together .
great toy for learning . colorful and attractive for children to play . keeps the attention for some time . excellent blocks for youngsters .
my nephew loves legos and loves to play with them . he is only 5 and can build anything it seems ! good price and great buy !
my granddaughter loves pretending to have a tea party or feeding her baby doll from the little plates . love the colors which helps her learn .
perfect to go with barn . the set only comes with two princesses and everyone knows you have to have more than that ! not seeing them in stores .
this so far has been a very durable game . my 3 year old can get carried away and rough with it but so far so good .
it looks really cool , but again it's for a birthday party in june ... so i really don't know yet ... and i'm sure it will be great !
wanted to get this for our daughter because she is obsessed with our laptop and she enjoys it and likes closing it all the time .
it is what it is . my grandson is a big adventure time fan . this is a stuff finn doll and he loves it .
fantastic my son loves the fact that the dinosaurs talk to each other . :) he knows all of the names because they talk :)
my 2 yr old is autistic and this is great way for us to communicate when moving the beads together .
.. and this one is great . my family really enjoyed it . everyone had their favorite candy pieces to find and put together .
this is a very cute set . i almost gave it three stars only because the tambourine sucks . but other wise , it's a good set .
i'm returning these , they are way too small for my little chef ! plus the egg carton will break very easily .
bought three - one for gabon and 2 for my sons in their 30 ' s . it will be a fun christmas at our house !
kids love playing this game . . . great intro to chess . . . looking forward to the next levels of play as they get comfortable with the moves .
this is a very sweet item ! i can't wait for my daughter to open this christmas morning and get to playing !
my 6yr old son loves this , i like how it challenges him and the 3 free downloads are very legit .
these stylish garments are well constructed from quality materials . they fit the american girl doll and the doll ' s mother is very pleased with this outfit .
he has enjoyed playing with the dinosaur and the weapons . he knows the names of the dinosaurs which makes it even more fun
it is a gift for my 7 yo boy . he is crazy about the characters . playng everyday with no stopping
makes a larger pot holder than the non-cotton loops . very durable and sturdy . nice quality . and the kids like making the pot holders in various designs .
grand kids love this and easy to shop amazon rather than go to the stores and fight the crouds all the time
my girls love scooby doo so this is the game i bought when i got the ixl and they love it and play it all the time .
the traffic signs are great , the kids love them and use them with their other cars and trucks when they build their roads .
i bought this toy for my three year old granddaughter . she really loves it and plays with it all the time .
my kids love this toy . my children are 4 and 7 . they all enjoy it and i recommend it .
i purchased this game with the leap pad 2 for my 7 year old granddaughter . she loves both and plays with it as much as mom allows her .
great toy for the younger toddlers who are enthralled with cell phones or tv remotes haha ! highly recommend this product !
arrived on time and my son loves it . i would recommend this game for anyone who has a kid with a leapster
bought it for a friend who has a six year old grandson . he loves it . from what i saw in the package it came brand new .
easily half again as much flight time on this than with the stock battery . i like it . good for what it costs .
sturdy made . my granddaughter loves it . i bought these for my kids when they were little . can't find them in stores .
i got this for my grandson who is always building with his legos . he told me he really needed plates to build on .
this game plays similar to bang the card game but plays faster . bang the card game seems to overstay its welcome
adorable ... aurora plush cindy cat flopsie - 12 " ... super cute soft nice quality she loved it . would buy again . arrived quickly
purchased this furniture to go with the melissa & doug princess castle that i purchased for my granddaughters for christmas ! they are going to love it !
great for boy goodie bags along with their hats they got , all kids loved them and still play with them a year later
recommended highly the loom came with rubber bands but if you want a specific color then this is what needs to be pruchased .
my 2 1/2 year old daughter keeps jumping on mine and it's held up great . she loves it and it seems fairly heavy duty so far .
this attaches perfectly to all thomas take n play sets . great expansion kit and a great price too . nice variety of pieces .
my kids loves this ... easy to put on and nice silvery color . i bought a set of other marvel masks and they are all great .
this dragon is simple beautiful and very well done , it's durable and the sounds are great ! ! ! my son loves it ! ! !
my son loves his chuggington wooden railway set , so we purchased some extra cars for him . he's played with it non stop since .
my two year old grandson loves his rocket ship ! it was his favorite gift especially the fact that it counts down .
this brand of toys is surprisingly durable and well built for the price . my 2 and 3 year old nieces and nephew love it .
these guns are good for one time use maybe at a party or something . they did not last long at all , very cheap .
my grandson enjoyed this very much.he also has a similar toy that makes music . both of these are his favorite play things .
my 9 year old son really enjoyed this . just the right amount of accessories to keep him entertained for hours .
we bought several of these and stuck them on a wall in our playroom using command strips . the grandchildren love it !
favorite children . my son loved this fire truck . is soft as rubber material , indicated whether your child is between 3 and 5 years .
pros ... never dries out ! ! ! cons ... hard to shape things . kids mix the colors and then it's a big wad of mush . ehhh .
had trouble finding shrinky dinks in several stores . easily found it on line . fulfilled a nephews christmas list with several internet finds for this toy .
grandson loved his little people to go on his city rug . grandson turned two on dec . 16th so it came before his birthday which was great .
as always , melissa & doug made an excellent quality toy . the horses look beautiful and the children enjoy playing with them .
operetta sits proudly on my shelf . her outfit is adorable and the paint job on her face is exquisite and flawless .
these blocks were a gift to my young nephew . he spends countless hours creating with these great value for your dollar blocks !
my son loves to play his inno tab dora game . it keeps him entertained and away from doing miss haps around the house
the good thing about this case was not brought repeated car , very good models , for example couriosity . buy 2 boxes and hope to buy more .
i have played this game with my daughter at least a half a dozen times a week since christmas . not my favorite but definitely one of hers !
my daughter keeps making so i will keep buying . we are in the process of making valentin bracelets for the kids in her class .
like some people , i sewed the mouth together and it looks more like toothless.it ' s very shiny and my son loves it
great product , fun and easy ways to play dress up for the little ones . they can do this without the help of an adult .
i actually thought this would be a great product , but it just seems to cheaply made . i was definitely disappointed when my daughter opened it .
this was a nice addition to our thomas tracks and my son loves how much bigger his track is now .
this was a first birthday gift . my great grandson plays with it inside and outside when possible . he will enjoy it for some time .
grandson loves all mario dolls . plays with them actingout what happens in the games . perfect size and coloringfor the character .
i am a day care provider and i bought these toys for my little day care kids . they really like them .
lots of lego fun for granson , keep assembly book for regular reassembly , needs frequent reassembly if played with alot by boys
great bubble toy ! does not have a wand you have to fish out of the bottle ( which usually leaves hands sticky ) .
very happy with these as easter basket fillers . kids loved them ! easy for kids to figure out how to turn on and off . packaged very well .
this is a good game for the little ones in using their brain . got it for a cheap lightening deal price .
for kids who love kirby ... it is a great addition to go with the video game . i bought it with the wii game for christmas .
i bought this for my one year old he loves it . the mail box opens and closes and there is a hole in the back of the mailbox also
if it works at first i was skeptical but incredibly ran like a mouse as you take the first drop of water
great product , my son loves it and all things thomas , but they are half the price of this at wal-mart . save your money and get two .
my granddaughters are both enjoying this puzzle . thinking about buying another for my other granddaughter . happy purchase .. hand skills and educational goals met .
my son played with this toy , only few times . he doesn't seem interested in it at all . very dissapointed !
we have had a lot of fun playing this game . i usually play with my husband and 12 year old son . it is enjoyable .
our 11 month old daughter loves these ! she enjoys playing with them and pinching them to make them squeak . very cute
this is cute and my son likes it . front hangs down low , if you have thick carpet this will not work on your floors
again , this was on my grandson's wish list . he was happy to discover it under his tree . he loves these lego products .
my son loves webkinz so this was a great price , i got on sale here for about six bucks . well worth the money .
this will be good for my sons patience . it will keep him interested . i love melissa and doug products . good quality and they last long .
the first ticket to ride game i played , and a great version of the original . the only drawback is it can only be played by 2-3 people
no collection is complete without the character that started an empire . looks just like adam west as the batman . zap bam pow crunch ! get it today .
these are great building toys . you can make any number of things . from robots and creatures to structures . good imaginative toy .
these make bathtime so much fun and are made in the usa ! this is helpful in teaching kids their colors and for making bathtime fun .
great , fun game for adults and kids . the whole family can play . would purchase from this seller again . highly recommend the game for everyone !
sturdy construction , lots of sound , lights , grabs a child's attention.no small parts for a child to choke on .
my nephew loves cars the movie so of course he wanted a lightning mcqueen for christmas and now he sleeps with it and takes it everywhere !
seems like they were meant to be decorations rather than toys , but my daughter still has fun acting out movie scenes with them .
i bought a wooden mixer and these tools to go with it for my child care and the kids love them
she has enjoyed playing with it ever since she got it for her birthday . it seems durable and is a well made product .
my daughter in law says the kids love it and it works great . better quality than the first kind they had which they broke .
my daughter loves her new leappad . glad i got it for her . many things she can do on it and can always add more to it
my son loves his leappad but the batteries die so fast on it . we tried rechargeable but they weren't really great . this takes care of the problem .
como mi hija se llama sara quise regalarle este juguete de sarah lynn , me gusta mucho el material . estoy complacida con la compra . felicitaciones
great replacement batteries to keep you v911 flying longer and higher , the batteries have more capacity for longer flights . buy today
great combo set of toys for my baby girl , easy open package and a great price with the combined purchase .
he sees the lack of fate thus for he chokes me when i fail on a video game xd jajajaja
the idea for this is great - each " card " teaches a lesson . i wish the cards were plastic & more durable however .
my girls opened this item on christmas morning and played with it all day . it was one of their favorites !
we own several of these sets from melissa & doug . they are extremely durable and provide hours of fun . my girls loves to make a cake !
i bought this for my 4 year old grand-daughter . she love anything to do with princesses . she and her friends play with it a lot .
these did not work in our bath tub . wouldn't stick no matter what we did . the kids just ended up playing with them .
i bought this for my grandson for christmas who is crazy about thomas the train . he loves it and plays with it every single day .
after i got the product , i found that the ring is kind of jelly style ring , softer than rubber . it is not hard plastic ring .
my 4 year old neise who has down syndrome loves this toy . last long has many things to play with . great cheep product .
my son played for a long time and loved it . now i donated to a good friend who recently had a baby . best ever !
my grandson loved this . it is a great toy , he plays with it all of the time . it is well made
this product was a lot of fun for any young builder . my grandson really enjoyed making this addition to his city layout .
this is tons of fun except you end up ruining good crayons to make these . still fun though and i would recommend .
she absolutely loves these ever after high dolls and the monster high dolls . she was ecstatic to get this and the other one she got .
maybe i bought this too soon my son and he didn't use it alot . the eraser didn't work well after the minimum usage .
this is one of the few spectra that has good hair her outfit is great she's must get for any monster high fan
our grandkids love these cars ! they are low to the ground & not so fast that they can't control it .
these fit the american girl with no problem . the pic here is not the right one - the one was sparkly .
this is one of those toys all of my grandchildren play with consistently ! very durable , too ! withstands toddler to primary school use .
very happy with my purchase . my son loves to " cook " at the park . all pieces are very durable , we'll made and adorable .
these are to go with my great grandchildrens leap frogs , i'm sure they will help keep them last a long time.cher
this game is pretty fun for my 3.5 year old , he likes being able to pick out what he wants to put on his plate .
this is a great toy for fans of jake and the never land pirates . the kids have had a great time with it .
my 6 year old grand daughter loves to play dress up and this is a perfect travel toy for her .
it has music , leggo , and a good toy to explain to the little one what different parts a ship has . it's a lot fun for her .
durable , colorful and fun for little kids like most fisher-price toys . no problem with this purchase for boys or girls .
wonderful product ! the quality is excellent and it arrived in perfect condition.the wooden cars are all as good.my gandson loved it .
i purchased for my grandbaby for christmas . this really helps advancing hand mobility , i would recoomend to anyone with a toddler .
it's great to have a stockpile of batteries so the fun doesn't stop . it keeps going and going ! ! ! great fun !
super cute and petite . the stars are very clear and precise and are very bright in the bedroom . perfect little cuddly night light .
sturdy , colorful , exactly what a 2 yr old needs for her first tea set . glad i bought this over all the other choices .
this was purchased for my granddaughter for christmas . the pieces are well made and very cute . i was not disappointed .
i love these shoes for our doll ! they are of excellent quality and are a great fit . they are the perfect sneaker for many of our outfits .
not a great toy . my 4 yr old grandson played with is a few times , then won't play with it anymore .
great size for toddler . bought along with dora and boots , makes a nice set for pretend play . both 2 and 4 year old are enjoying !
i gave these as a birthday gift and they were absolutely amazed . they fit , was skeptical about the one size fits all but they worked .
i wish i could give zero stars . these bands break like crazy , even on the basic design that doesn't require much stretching . awful ! !
all you really need to know is that it's a classic toy that every baby should have and that your kid will love .
quality merchandise . works well melissa & doug products always deliver what you expect . cool stuff . go for the plunge .
had so much fun with jessie and woody i had to force myself to wrap them for my grandson ! wish they had a few more phrases .
this is my " go to " gift for 7 - year-old girls . one of them said it was the favorite gift she got for her birthday !
my 7 year old loves these characters . she was thrilled to get them and they have lasted some pretty rough play .
i guess this is going into the archives that's one reason i bought it . also my 9yo wanted another animal for the vet hospital she already built !
this product is a must have for any child into dora the explorer ! this is great for pretend play ! precious !
the doll came with a few extra accessories and was made excellent especially considering the price ! awesome deal would surely use this vendor again .
but expect to have letters all over the place . we put them in a plastic baggie because there's no lid . it needs a lid
lots of fun for a while . great with the game box set and mini bilibos . help to stimulate imaginative play .
this container is great . it not only stores lego's but it opens up into a play area . light weight for the kids to tug around .
i bought this for one of my twin grandsons , they play with it all the time . they even share it thanks
this game is fun for all ! we bought it for my 6 yr old son ; he loves it and so do we . it's a must buy !
this was a big hit for my nephew . he couldn't wait to get it out and start playing with it . it's pretty cool .
i bought this for my 2 year old daughter . she's very much into babies right now . perfect size for travel & play !
another action pack toy with plenty of enjoyment and happiness , i recommend this toy for an active boy , who can appreciate it at different times .
my 7 year old grandson loved this and uses it in his magic shows . he is a huge magic buff , and continues to use this .
this was a gift for our nephew . he loves it , and that is all that matters to his aunt and uncle .
this is cute but not what i was expecting . could have included another pair of shoes , hats and arms for more variety .
the characters are very sturdy and little cannon works great . if you're child loves the jake show , these are a hit !
my granddaughter loves hello kitty . nice idea to use the head for storage . well constructed . this game was a hit !
this is great summertime entertainment . for the price , the product works just fine . my kids love this toy . the end .
these sticker booklets contain colorful pictures of various dinosaurs that can be posted on backgrounds provided to create your own scenes .
grandson got this for christmas and loves it . it's nice to take when traveling , too . has many different games to choose from . educational and fun .
he is loving this set … so much so that we bought the update pack ( to 300 ) for him for christmas . lots of fun here !
grandson loves these . they zoom right down to bottom of pool . unfortunately our dog loved them too and ate two of them :(
i'm sure more than 50 % of the cost of this doll goes to disney licensing but while it's a poor value , it's well made .
these puzzles are 100 % better than melissa & doug . very high quaility . heavyweight pieces fit well together . i will be purchasing more .
it inhales batteries and banks about as well as any train it its price range . it was a christmas hit .
my daughter got this for christmas and she plays with it all the time ! she loves it ! it comes with a lot of accessories !
we got 2 trash trucks for our grandson for christmas . one went home and one stayed with us . he plays with them every day .
personally i prefer the regular hedbanz game . my 7 yo likes this but finds it to be a bit difficult .
great gift for all children to enjoy--my grandchild enjoys it--i would recommend highly to all for this purchase and being satisfied - - -
my daughter loves her 18 inch dolls and she loves these skates . they seem very durable and there are no problems .
amazon had this at a great price , picked up 3 sets when the price was an all time low and gave them to boys aged 8 to 10 !
bought for my nephew and he just loves them . if they dont already , they should be sold in bigger containers with more dropz !
this little car is the perfect size for little chubby hands . the handle makes it even easier to play with & hold .
this game is pretty fun and features several forms of play . we use it during family game night and it's great for long or short playing .
this wooden trail whistle is wonderful for kids and train enthusiasts . fantastic for use at train themed parties or just for kids enjoying pretend playtime .
our toddler has been enjoying this color filled screen interactive phone . it has withstood alot of handling and trips in and out of the baby tote bag .
did anyone else recieve two of the same book ? maybe it is just our order but i have two identical books in the set .
yes , its cheap but the color is super nice and it plays a great sound . cant go wrong with this purchase
my 2.5 year old really likes this toy . it is easy and helps with matching , right and left , etc . good buy .
our almost two year old loves to play with this toy to match the pieces and so does our 6 year old . simple and the right price .
love to see the children playing a learning but the noise is sometimes unbearable ! these headphones are life savers . real necessities !
i got what i paid for , not issues . shoes matched and fit barbies just fine . thanks again , would recommend product .
i purchased two of these - one for each of my grandsons - and they both love the games and challenges of this game .
bought this for a christmas present for the grandson . he loves these characters and loves the game . glad i got it .
my kids absolutely have the best time playing this game ! fast shipping and perfect gift idea for kids young and old alike !
i got this for my 2 yr . old daughter and she loves to play.good for the first time lego set for your kid .
nice design but very small and flimsy . can fit about ten 4 inch my little ponies . get a bigger one for a better deal
was a great gift for my 8 year olds birthday . she was very excited to get these in the mail .
this is a great toy ! my little boy loves to play along with the wiggles when they use their guitars on tv .
a lot of fun . great quality . keeps her busy for hours ! worth the price , would buy again.will probably buy for gifts in the future .
there were even more features and " cool " things for my son to play with on this than i thought . he played with it for hours >
no complaints , he knows what he wants . so i am happy too . i wish i could have found a better price .
grandson is 3 1/2 and he loves this . it has a flashlight inside and makes a shadow puppet on the wall . great gift !
my daughter loved all of her ever after dolls that she got for christmas . they were her favorite gifts ! gorgeous dolls ! !
this is the perfect addition to my daughters beautiful play kitchen . looks like real cookware and is cheap tacky plastic . love this set !
i bought two of these adaptors for my grandchildren to use in their home so i don't have to keep buying batteries . they work great .
always a hit . gave this as a gift , and the child was thrilled to receive . good price for a gift .
my kids like these better than the c-clips - they say the c-clips come loose , but not the s-clips . there are plenty for lots of bracelets .
have had these for 6 months and they're still working hard ! nothing is broken and they're used regularly . very easy for many ages to use .
really the best toys ever they made on daryl , seems so real and you will love it than other daryl toys
my girl scout group was roaring with laughter over this . they are big apples to apples fans , so this is very similar , just with pictures .
my daughter got this for christmas . she loved them . first robes set . i'm sure it will not be the last for her
bought this for my daughter for christmas . hoping she loves this ! can't wait to see her open it christmas morning
these paint brushes worked great for the kids . larger for better griping , easy to wash up . dry quick for putting away .
g o o d ! my son loves it , appears to be holding on.he has mario and joshy also ... so its good ...
this product is a perfect first puzzle . plenty of bugs to identify for the little one , perfectly sized pieces for little hands , and great quality .
i bought this for my friends daughter for her birthday . her mom is a dentist and they all enjoyed this gift .
i gave this product a five star because it was exactly what my grandson wanted . it is made well and i would recommend it to all .
really cute product ! ! ! bought my nephew a camping tent for christmas and am putting this and a lantern with it .
this is a beautiful , high quality game set that is much nicer than what we had previously . we also love that it folds up and travels well .
i bought this because my son loves anything with wheels and he loved this too . it's a solid made toy , and worth the 15 bucks .
wonderful product for our 3 year old son with autism . he plays with these every day and loves to get them out .
my son loves these . he has 20 beyblades , and these were unique and interesting additions too his collection . these are much better than the earlier beyblades .
try to match the blocks to the picture in the booklet . not that much different than legos . it's never too early to start working on pre-math skills .
i didn't realize it would be so small . but the little person who received it likes it a lot . so i guess i'm satisfied .
my daughter loved it when she was a baby . however , my 3 month old son does not seem interested in it .
smaller than i thought it would be , but very cute toy and my niece has a lot of fun with the toy , would definately recommend it .
i've gotten a ton of spoof " foods " to put on display in my kitchen for family to find . this adds to it just fine .
cant go wrong with hot wheels ! great gift for any little one who love cars . woks as it says - kids have a blast with it .
very cute animals that my daughter at one year loves to pieces . they are well made , solid and very cute at the same time .
doc mcstuffins is too cute ! .. my daughter dressing up like mcstuffin and play and carry around all day , , , i like the cute little song
this figure is a high quality awesome collectible that looks great in your dragon ball z or action figure collection .
a great stuffed animal simple loveable and my daughter loves , she takes it with her everywhere . i recommend this stuffed animal
my 2 year old loves these magnets . he enjoys identifying the animals and making their noises . these magnets are colorful . you get a good animal selection .
i have all of these chunk puzzles , they're cute and a great way to teach my boys about the zoo animals !
as expected - fun ! we have a three hour car ride to the grandparents and it's nice to have some car games .
nice bright colors in this kit , and clear to see number on the canvas board . giving as a gift for christmas
my daughter is 1 1/2 and this is a great puzzle for her to sit and do with me . its great for learning colors and shapes .
our 8 year old had asked for this for months . he loved it and is anxious to start filling it up .
super cute younger sister of clawdeen wolf . howleen is a hit in my home . we are very happy with our purchase .
this is a fun set , but does not work well in the tub .
my son loves to play with this toy during bathtime . it sticks right to the wall , so it doesn't take up much space .
kids love them the bag is fun little ones seem to think its a phone at first witch is funny .
this is great , bigger than expected and nicely packaged - looks just like the photo . i'm sure my nephew will love this !
fun for the whole family ... quick to learn and easy to play . 2-6 players of any age . love the tin to keep things secure !
watching a 2 - year old sing and dance along with juno is a pure delight ! what fun and just think , she's learning something too !
i am planning on using it to entertain my grand children ages 4-8 . i think all ages will enjoy this craft !
educativo buena calidad para niñas , lo que más gusta es la calidad , se lo recomendé a los amigos
bought this for my grandson for christmas . i am sure he will love it . worth money and of course it angry birds ! !
i bought this for my granddaughter's birthday . she had it on her amazon wish list , so i'm sure she'll enjoy playing with it .
my son loves all things lego , and this was a nice addition to his collection of lego super heros . lego is always good quality .
these are holding up well over 1 year later . my daughter loves playing with them with her baby dolls and stuffed animals .
this cute little owl will hold your child's tooth until the tooth fairy comes and replaces it with money . well made . my daughter loves it !
this was purchased as a gift and i believe the children enjoyed playing it . it sounded like it would be a lot of fun !
lego 3 in 1 are awesome because there are three totally different builds . my 7 and 10 year old both really like the medium difficulty of the builds .
we bought this for our nephew for christmas and he wouldn't put them down ! ! ! great quality set with nice sized figurines .
educativo excelente para niños . buena calidad , lo que más gusta es la calidad , se lo recomendé a los amigos , es bueno el producto
abby is a very hard character to find . this is a great doll and i am glad we purchased it for our daughter .
loved the colors and the bathing suit ; got this for my grand-daughter to take to the pool when she goes
i think there are much better plush toys for the money . my daughter had no interest and its cute just nothing great .
this is great even for indoor play , this toy has been abused daily for 3 years by 2 kids and keeps on going !
ordered for my son's pirate themed birthday party . they fit perfect on the pirate ship cake , and he's still playing with them 5 months later .
this was a gift so hard to say , but i ' sure she loves it . it's colorful and easy to understand what it's saying .
i liked this product , but it easily frustrated some of the kids as it took time , trial and error to figure out .
my baby girl will love it , she love the figures she love to play with it , she love the colors
my 3 year old and 1 year old love this puppy ! their favorite part is feeding the dog ! has a lot of different songs ! highly recommend !
what another great product for my nephew , i enjoy eatching him make these . it is so so much fun for us .
it was really hard to find classic pictures on an old maid set . great cards . my five year old daughters loves them !
i was not overly thrilled with this one . the wheels wobble to much so it doesnt fit on the track as well as the others .
does exactly what it says it would . it is saving me a lot of money now that i don't have to buy batteries all the time .
i found these 2 people dolls for $ 7.99 and i paid $ 15.38 on here , very upset that i got ripped off !
nephew is almost two and when he opened this he immediately wanted to dig in . it's a good size and it's nice to have the bucket for everything !
this is a very nice calculator for first time users with excellent room for visual stimulation . allows the individual to see exactly what is inputted with the answer .
these have the best color and the pieces are nice , great for a kid who does not really like to sit still .
i got this for my son for christmas and he really liked this . however i never really see his using it and it just sits on the shelf .
butterflies are so serene to look at and the boys and girls both like them - large pack to use for treat bags
easy to demonstrate quick ideas that may appear a bit complex ... the special pens recommended by the manufacture work great with it ..
this truck is sturdy and fun for the little grand kids to drive around the house . they all love trucks .
this is a christmas present for one of my grandchildren and i got some bands to go with it this is what she wanted for christmas
i was expecting it to be a tad bit bigger but my son still loved it . cute gift for little boys that love planes .
the game is so funny and the price was fantastic , my kids are going to collect them , they enjoy it too much
another great stuffed animal from ty . it is so cute and i know it will last because of the quality of all their stuffed animals
these are great water guns for their price . my son loved them , they are easy to use . i wish they still made the classic ones though .
the kids loved all 3 of these puzzles and thought that it was neat that it came in a little box with 3 different puzzles in one
cute and cuddly for kids . loved this for our grandchildren last christmas . they still love it and are playing with it .. thank you
this toy is a classic for the grandkids . they love to play with this one and just like grandpa , they try to wear the hat and glasses .
my daughter has this set and she really loves it . lots of tricks to keep busy and the case is a plus to keep it all in ! !
my five year old daughter was able to follow thru the activity and enjoyed it . good price when i bought this as amazon was having a promotion .
kids love this thing ! it holds the cards securely , and yet , adding and removing cards is easy .
it was for my granddaughter who loves cats so this was a perfect gift for her as it came with a cat and two kittens which she enjoyed .
my 9 year-old son and i enjoy playing this . expansions added more variations . no one complains about not getting the combination they want with additional factions .
not much to say as my grandson loves them . they are well made and he seems to enjoy them a lot . they do hold up well .
this boat takes on water and sinks , a lot . my son likes playing with it but gets really frustrated w / it's lack of ability to float .
i rated this a 5 because it works good for my i pad . i would recommend this to everyone i know .
bought this for the whole family to do together . we love ravensburger puzzles . they are the best quality puzzles and we have lots of them .
another great product by m & d . my son loves putting the shapes on the pegs . well made and the paint is nice .
these are gonna be great for my grandkids for easter.they are so soft and fluffy and love the big feet :-) ... reasonable price and ultra-fast shipping .
our 10 year old daughter loves this kitty ! it is well made and adorable ! don't hesitate to get one of these !
this puzzle is great for infant / toddlers to put together ! it's very easy for them to hold because of the knob on the puzzle piece !
this product received as a gift from amazon . i was so happy.good quality of the doll.great gifts for kids .
the kids like this game but they just set it up and play by their own rules . they have fun with it .
this toy wasn't great but it did what it says it will do . my 8 year old nephew loves it and he's very happy with it .
loved the legos for my 5yr old neice . great product ! her brother loves legos so this gives her a chance to play along side him
my boys asked for this for christmas . they enjoy playing it . have had it for months now and they still enjoy it here and there .
bought as a gift so not sure if who i got it for will like it i got it in the mail faster then what i thought tho
what a beautiful bead set . the little girls ' eyes just lit up when they saw the beautiful colored beads . very pretty and fun for them .
it was everything that my granddaughter wanted . she loved it , from her crown right down to her glass slippers . thank you
we got this for my 3 year old for her birthday ! she loved it instantly my 6yr old and 4yr old also enjoy playing with it
very good product , my nephews was very happy with that . very recommended , highly details . if you saw transformers this thundercracker it s very nice
love this doll because she is so fashionable all the monster high doll i recommended for any age or just to collect
i bought this gift for my 5 year old sister she is a sofia fan and absolutely loved this doll
bought for my grand son for christmas . he plays it every day . one of the best christmas gifts fhis year .
it is for a birthday present for my soon to be six year old grandson . i know he will love it .
great value for the price . bright colors , easy to use . none were broken or crushed . my kids had a great time with these on easter !
this bunny was so soft and cuddly that my 2 year old grandson fell in love with it on sight.great gift to give .
the kids like this to learn the alphabet , they can see the letters clearly and lots of space for learning to write .
i was so pleased when i recieved this figure and was able to see it in person ! this is a great figure and a must own ! ! !
love it ! we play with them all the time and even take it when we travel
paper works very well with finger paint - of any brand , not just crayola . i would recommend for all little artists
great - i got this for my daughter who is 7she loves it - the whole family can play . its really fun
great fun for all ... we played with this thing hard ! and didn't pop ! thats a hard thing to find apparently ... good product !
i have this item at my home so that when little ones are here they have something to entertain themselves with . this product was a hit !
my son says this is a really good one . he often uses this as his back up to his # 1 ( diablo ) .
these are nice to color and fun and the paper is pretty thick so it does not bleed . especially if you take the pages out to dot .
if the truck you are ordering doesn't have the blue lights already , this is a great add on . the kids love it .
kids love it . simple to put together . nice quality materials . highly recommend . best value at amazon ! we also love the clips for the paper .
the matchbox system for this series of toy is great . your can mix and match from the others and keeps the imagination going .
my son loves this toy . it comes with a railroad car and a magnetic block that cranky can lift . really easy to use for little hands .
got this for my 5 year olds birthday party favor bag ! my girls love it ! ! not to bad for the cost
wonderful learning experiencemy daughter simply loves the explorer smart globe . i cannot express how pleased i am that she is having so much fun while learning .
this made a awesome christmas present for my friend's son who is eight years old . he really liked it and put it together in one day .
i love this outfit and so did my grand-daughter ; it fits her american girl doll perfectly ; i will be ordering more in the future
this turned out to be a super fun gun but watch out ! it stings a little bit when you get shot . but i'm a sissy .
he put it on his wish list , i bought it for him , and when he opened it there were pieces everywhere . we're all happy .
kids loved these ! ! i would recommend these to anyone with young boys ! ! they work really well ! arrived quickly and in good condition !
it was adorable & all the kids loved it at the party . it was a hit . well worth the money
this is a fun puzzle to put together and it's huge . horses lover would love this as a gift drawn very well .
super cute .. aka small . small . probably the size of your hand ? does its job and kids love it . small , but great
great buy love love it i will always buy v tech for the kids vtech just teaches the kids good things
gave these to my 7 year old son and he loved them . they seem durable but time will tell . they are nicely detailed
omg , all of my granddaughters loved all of the different monster high dolls and accessories i got them for christmas , was very happy little ladies !
my daughter loves beanie boos and this has become one of her favorites . it would be a good gift for a harry potter fan .
these dinosaurs are very cool . they are larger than my old ones . i like collecting dinosaurs . i have added these to my other ones .
my six year old daughter has an extensive collection of disney princesses and anna was an addition to that group . she is absolutely beautiful !
my grand daughter absolutely loves this one . even have the little lady bug on my wall now . i recommend the glue dots for this craft too .
this is a great game for anyone . we have so much fun with it you can be mean to someone and enjoy it ..
i love it . the price is reasonable and product is awesome ! ! especially , the little iron man figure ! ! i love it ! !
adorable ... this will be a great addition to the fisher price my first dollhouse . my daughter loves all of the different sets .
bought it for my grandson he wanted , he enjoys playing with he's happy and so am i . would recommend it .
what princess wouldn't love playing candy land with the bonus of marching adorable princess " toys " around the board ? great for little ones learning colors !
these are great clips ! my 9 year old daughter is really in the these new loom band bracelets . i found these are the best for the money .
hard to tell what the numbers are - basic numbers are better for teaching - this isn't a set i would purchase again
i purchased this for my 5 year old daughter and she loves it ! ! works well and keeps her happy . no complaints here !
even when i cracked these they did not glow . had these for a bday party and were a complete waste .
my son wore his old rubik's cube out and this was a great replacement . nothing can beat an old classic .
lots of fun to play with , and shoots at a great range . the pieces are small , but brightly colored so they are easy to find .
lots of fun and great for little hands to imitate moms and grandans to make manychildrens dinners and entertaining her friends with good meals .
great track to add to current set up . and there is lots of it ! we have thomas wooden railway and these tracks work just fine !
our son loves angry birds and loves star wars so together you can't go wrong . this is a great set . he plays with these tons .
slinky is really big . this is not a toy for child because will not fit in the hand , but good toy for adult .
these figure sets never disappoint . just small figures about 2 inches tall each but allow lots of imaginative play at a low cost .
i really love this bike my daughter likes it was so easy to put together very light weight only one downer for me i wish it recline
used by 6 year old girl all summer long . she was always at the table learning her new words . excellent .
i bought to keep paint samples for our rental unit . they were good quality although i was worried about the top staying on .
just what was missing from my grandson's thomas collection . all the thomas toys are wonderful . our grandson loves toby too .
bought for christmas present to add on to sets already purchased . he loves his train set so this was a big hit .
my grandsons love these beyblades , so this looked like a good one to get , especially because his favorite color is purple .
son ( 4 ) loves it especially the fact that it glows in the dark . i think any dragon lover would like this in their collection .
not much functionality . some of the other drums i bought before had a lot more functionality and educational value to them
my daughter absolutely loves this adorable whale . he is the perfect size and so soft ! a great addition to our webkinz family .
our 18 month old daughter loves this toy . all of the accessories are fun and there are tons of cute songs and sayings !
my daughter got this over a year ago . she still uses the dryer . so i feel it was worth it .
this yo-yo performs well but is a bit larger than average . i'd have given it 4 stars if i could've chosen the color i wanted .
i think this is the coolest bed they have ! i love the details with the ice and it is a really cool addition to our monster high collection .
they are quite small and my 4 year old out grew them quickly however she is in the higher percentile for her age .
yeah , the kids loved this . it was really cool and i'm glad i got it for them . they love being goofy with it .
these figures look so good that i had to get all of the justice league . they look great and very good quality .
easy to use and lots of fun . one picture kept my 6 year old occupied for about an hour .
if you have a twisted sense of humor then this game is for you , i highly recommend this game for parties
nice for hanging clothes , well made . sturdy armoire that my granddaughter loves playing with and hanging her doll clothes in . just like their own closet .
if you have a child that loves to draw , these are great and we have had good luck with removal !
my daughter used so many pieces when she first used this paper . so much paint that the pages stuck together . good purchase .
cheap made . daughter didnt play with them . wasnt worth her attention . with today computers the kids didnt like these . not easy to figure out .
this is fascinating to build and has provided hours of playing fun . one of the best legos ever and worth every penny .
my son loves this toy . it goes well with his tool bench , and he really enjoys measuring all kinds of things . great for pretend play
only one motion required to folds open or closed . good for a 2 - or 3 - year-old , but probably not for children much older than that .
this case broke while trying to close it . ended up returning it and getting one somewhere else . i don't recommend it .
this is a must have , even before toy story every child owned some soldiers ! great memories of a fun filled childhood ( go capitalism )
i would recommend these flash cards . they are a nice size and designed nicely . another great product from leapfrog laepreader
bought for my 2 year old grandson - - he loved all the different cars that was in the pack . very good choices
i got this for my 18 month old son and he seems very interesting in it . very educational and it looks very cute and vibrant for young children .
my daughter loved it when she opened it up on christmas morning . everything was packaged just fine and was everything we were expecting .
he likes it , he mostly packs stuff into the bin and pulls it around though . sometimes he will play actual golf .
this is a great addition to any sodar town / train set . my 2yr old loves when sir tophan bobs up and down when he pushes the car .
my grandson loves scooby doo , so this was perfect for him . it had all the characters he liked . thumbs up on the collection of scooby doo .
my son loves this but i thought it was going to be bigger its about the size of a large head of cabbage i was expecting much bigger .
must buy for anyone who wants some cheat great fun . the lights on it look great . flys with good control indoors . love it .
adorable little tote . a great way to carry the tablet around and as it is a backpack style it's easy to handle .
very soft , nice size and a great price ! i only paid a couple dollars for this during a lightning deal .
this is our first hape purchase , great quality . we will certainly purchase more of them for our doll house purchased for a 5 year old .
very cute set , and well made . same quality as all their other products . i recommend for any kids ! i am happy
just right for a 3-4 year old . so cute and sturdy and can be used with real water to add to realness . my daughter loves it !
my one year old boy plays it on and off and likes to dance along the abc song . overall it is a good purchase .
i am a puzzle fanatic and this puzzle provided the challenge that i need . the quality of ravensburger never disappoints me .
bear was very cute and very soft . smaller than i expected . but very cuddly and my daughter likes it . cute hat .
bought this for my son and two other boys for christmas . my son has built several different versions of planes . and is still designing new ones .
ordered this as a replacement for one i broke . my 7 month old loves this ! it plays classical music , teaches colors and numbers .
good choice ... my 6 year old niece loved this present which then developed into an animated conversation regarding how much the movie was enjoyed
color is better compare to the japanese version . i love this purple color compare to the japanese version . well cone !
kids love these fortune telling fish . they are so inexpensive and fun . i purchased them for parties and my treasure box .
very nice book , oversized so the pictures look clear and lots of space to color for little ones . good price too !
the whistles don't work and the when i would attempt to blow the whistle , the wood shavings get stuck to my lips . i returned the product .
she had been wanting this for several years , and it was so nice to be able to find it quickly and easily without tromping through many stores !
so much fun . we have bought this game for ourselves and everyone in our family . so much fun . only 5 players can play .
my daughter received this for chritmas last year . she plays with it all the time . it is still in good shape .
was a gift for grandchild she loves it . plays with it for hours by herself or with a friend . very satisfied .
this toy is ok . the trucks are actually stacking puzzles and are wobbly . maybe my kiddo will like it better when he's older ?
anything from jake and the never land pirates would be a big hit ! he loved it and immediately started to play with them .
i cant say anything bad but my 20months has no interst in it at all !
my daughter loves this toy and it is helping her with recognizing the letters and the sound each letter makes .
we bought this as a gift . it got a great reaction from the little girl we gave it to . so i guess that's a good product endorsement .
we bought this for our grand daughter . she absolutely loves it and it became an instant member of her spongebob toy collection !
i bought this for my nephew . it's a very soft ball and easy to make the music go off . cute toy .
my kids love that they can go longer periods without having to reload . unfortunately that just leaves more room for darts all over my house .
